URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1548151197031987824
Latitude: 36.14687049941912
Longitude: -86.8165305896385
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
- Prime Midtown location minutes from Broadway & live music
- Private balcony with outdoor seating and views
- Fully equipped kitchen with island & stainless appliances
- Spacious living room with sleeper sofa & smart TV
- In-unit washer/dryer for extended stays
- Modern design, curated décor & relaxing ambiance
- Access to building amenities, including a pool, fire pits, and gym

The space
Welcome to The Vinyl by AvantStay!

Perched in a prime location in the heart of Midtown Nashville, The Vinyl offers a modern retreat that blends urban energy with stylish comfort. Just minutes from the city’s legendary music venues, upscale dining, and the vibrant nightlife of Broadway, this contemporary getaway places you at the center of it all—while providing a serene and beautifully designed space to recharge between adventures.

Step inside to a bright open-concept living area featuring floor-to-ceiling windows and a chic décor. Relax on the plush sectional sofa that converts to a sleeper, stream your favorite shows on the smart TV, or open the glass doors to the private balcony, where you can enjoy morning coffee or evening cocktails with open city views.

The fully equipped kitchen is a chef’s dream, showcasing stainless steel appliances, sleek cabinetry, and elegant pendant lighting over a spacious island with barstool seating—perfect for casual dining or late-night conversations. A dining area creates a stylish spot for shared meals and effortless entertaining.

For added convenience, the unit includes an in-home washer and dryer, making it easy to settle in for both short and extended stays.

The primary suite offers a luxurious retreat with a king canopy bed, modern artwork, and a flat-screen TV. The ensuite bathroom features a glass walk-in shower and a contemporary vanity for a hotel-quality experience. The second bedroom includes two twin beds, a large closet, and its own ensuite bathroom with a shower-tub combo, ideal for families or friends traveling together.

Every detail, from the layered textures to curated lighting and greenery, has been thoughtfully designed to make your stay as comfortable as it is inspiring.

Whether you’re here for the music scene, the local cuisine, or simply to unwind in style, The Vinyl combines the best of Nashville living—vibrant, modern, and effortlessly welcoming!

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note: The Vinyl is unit #503.
- Please note: the pool is open all year round, but depending on extreme weather conditions, pool may close. Hours of operation are from 8AM - 8PM.
- Due to ongoing development in the area, you may experience nearby construction noise during your stay.
- There is a sleeper sofa in the living room.

Parking Details:
- Parking on-site for 1 car max. Street parking is available.

A pack n' play travel crib and high chair can be provided upon request with at least 24hrs advanced notice.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

Registration Details
2023058054

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting