URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1689999653340406062
Latitude: 36.14578
Longitude: -86.81609
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Stay 514 by AvantStay. A polished two-bedroom retreat at The Odyssey, walking distance to Centennial Park and the Parthenon, with Midtown, The Gulch, and downtown Nashville all a quick ride away.

🌳 Walk to Centennial Park, the Parthenon & Vanderbilt
🏊 Building access: seasonal pool, BBQ, fire pits & gym
🌆 Private balcony with bright, modern interiors
🍳 Full kitchen with island seating + in-unit laundry

The space
Set in a modern Nashville building tucked into the leafy edge of West End, Stay 514 puts you within easy reach of the city's biggest draws — without the noise of being right on top of them. Centennial Park and the Parthenon are a short walk away, Vanderbilt University sits just down the road, and the dining and nightlife of Midtown, The Gulch, and downtown are all a quick drive or rideshare from your door.

The Apartment —
This two-bedroom apartment is built for travelers who want polished, easy comfort in a well-connected Nashville neighborhood. The primary suite features a king bed and an ensuite bathroom with a walk-in shower, while the second bedroom offers two twin beds and its own ensuite with a shower/tub combo — a layout that works just as well for friends as it does for small families. Bright, open-plan living centers on a styled lounge area, with large windows leading out to a private balcony made for morning coffee or an evening drink with the city humming below. The full kitchen anchors around an island with seating for three, and in-unit washer/dryer plus modern finishes throughout keep things seamless from arrival to checkout.

The location is what ties it together. Lace up for a morning walk through Centennial Park, lunch in Midtown, an afternoon catching the Parthenon's Athena statue, and dinner in The Gulch — all without circling back through traffic. Broadway and the heart of Music City sit a short rideshare east, Nashville International Airport is about fifteen minutes out, and the home base you return to keeps everything in easy reach.

You'll also have access to the building's resort-style amenities, including a seasonal pool, BBQ area, fire pits, and a state-of-the-art gym to round out your stay. There's even Tito's Mexican Restaurant located directly in the building!

Perfectly positioned near Vanderbilt University, Centennial Park, and the dining and nightlife hubs of Midtown and The Gulch, Stay 514 offers a stylish, comfortable home base for experiencing the very best of Nashville—whether you’re here for live music, great food, or a relaxed city escape.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.

Parking Details:
- Onsite parking garage available; guests may park in any unmarked space, with additional street parking on nearby streets.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit Number: 202/306/3145

Registration Details
2023063145

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting