URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1168255482585207846
Latitude: 36.14696
Longitude: -86.81758
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Centennial Quarters is a four-level West End townhome built for group stays that want both fun and comfort—think retro arcade + foosball, a cozy living room for movie nights, and a private balcony for fresh air and city vibes. With multiple sleeping spaces, plenty of bathrooms, and a spa-style primary suite (including a modern freestanding tub), it’s an easy home base near Centennial Park, Vanderbilt, and downtown Nashville.

The space
Centennial Quarters, spans four floors, each with its own vibe—designed so your group can spread out without losing the feeling of being together. The main level is the social hub, with a smart TV, and comfortable seating, plus a full kitchen and dining area that make meals, snacks, and game nights effortless.

One of the standout features is the dedicated game floor, set up with a retro arcade and foosball for built-in entertainment between outings. Upstairs, you’ll find additional bedrooms and convenient laundry, including a bedroom with a private balcony—perfect for morning coffee or a quiet reset.

At the top, the primary suite feels like a retreat, complete with two queen beds, a walk-in closet, and a spa-style ensuite featuring a shower and a freestanding bathtub. Guests also love the stylish Avoca bathroom with a double shower—ideal when your group is getting ready at the same time. 

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements
BEDROOM 1: 1 KING BED WITH TV
BEDROOM 2: 1 QUEEN BED WITH TV AND BALCONY ACCESS
BEDROOM 3: 2 QUEEN BEDS WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 4 / GAME ROOM: FULL OVER FULL BUNK BED

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, and laundry and dishwasher pods. 

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

★★ Exclusive Guest Perks★★
As a guest, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Humminghost's partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Check-in is simple with smart locks. Before your arrival, we’ll send detailed instructions with your door codes, directions to the unit, and any access info for shared amenities or parking. Please review these notes ahead of time to ensure a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
★Smoke-Free Home & Community★
In accordance with building rules, smoking is not permitted inside the unit or any common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Supplies & Essentials★
We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.

★Families & Baby Gear★
Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play and baby gate (in homes with stairs) available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.

★Maintenance & Repairs★	
Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.

★Trash Disposal★	
All trash must be bagged and securely tied before disposal. Trash must be taken outside and placed in the trash cans located outside of the townhouse garage. Please do not leave trash inside the unit, garage, hallways, or any shared areas during your stay.

★Stairs & Multi-Level Layout★
This townhome spans multiple floors and stairs are required to access the bedrooms and kitchen. Because of the multi-level layout, the home may not be the best fit for guests with mobility considerations, those who prefer minimal stair use, or families traveling with very young children who may be sensitive to frequent stair climbing.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Paris, France
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2656 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting