URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1749447734428214882
Latitude: 36.1145
Longitude: -86.7675
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Azalea Abode, your ultimate Nashville retreat! Nestled on a quiet street in the legendary Berry Hill neighborhood. This charming 2-bedroom, 1-bathroom bungalow puts you right in the heart of Music City's most unique creative district.

Whether you're here to soak up the local music history or taste your way through Nashville's best neighborhood eats, this is your perfect home away from home.

The space
💎 THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR 💎

✔ Friend Meetups
Reconnect with friends in a space built for memories. The house and backyard is built for good times and better conversations!

✔ Family Reunions
With plenty of space, a safe environment, and thoughtful amenities like our pack N Play, & Toddler dinnerware this home is designed for family-friendly fun.

✔ Concert & Event Goers
Skip the traffic! Our prime location offers quick and easy access to top venues, ensuring you never miss a beat.

✔ Corporate & Business Travelers
Stay productive and comfortable with high-speed WiFi, all in a professional and relaxing setting.

—---------------------------

💎 LIVING & DINING 💎

✔ ️ Fully Stocked Kitchen with lots of amenities including; paper towels, dish soap, dish washer pods, large garbage bags, small garbage bags and everyone's favorite COFFEE with an easy to use keurig. 

✔ Cozy living room, A great place to catch up, binge your favorite series or just simply relax. There is plenty of room for everyone! 

—---------------------------

💎 BEDROOMS 💎

Sleep soundly in one of our 2 cozy bedrooms, all equipped with high-quality linens that are professionally cleaned and sanitized between every guest.
✔ Bedroom 1: A dark, cozy, and restful retreat featuring a luxurious queen-size bed, a 43" Smart TV, and a convenient pack 'n play for your little one.

✔ Bedroom 2: A clean and modern space featuring a plush Queen-size bed and a 32" Smart TV for ultimate relaxation

—---------------------------

💎 BATHROOMS 💎

Our bathrooms are fully stocked with everything you need. You'll find plenty of fresh bath towels, washcloths, and hand towels. For your convenience, we also provide complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body wash.

✔ Bathroom 1:  A full bathroom with a shower-tub combo.

—---------------------------

💎 WHAT’S CLOSE BY 💎

Explore the best of Nashville from our Berry Hill location! You'll be close to the city's top attractions and local gems while being within walking distance to great food! 

✔ Baja Burrito: Legendary local-favorite Mexican food just steps away. ( .3 Miles ) 

✔ Sam & Zoe’s Coffee: Your go-to neighborhood spot for incredible coffee and a cozy morning atmosphere.( .3 Miles ) 

✔ Brother Burger: Mouthwatering, gourmet burgers right in your backyard. ( Literally, we share our back fence with them ) 

✔ Broadway: Dive into the heart of Nashville's vibrant energy and famous nightlife, just 9 minutes away ( 3 miles )

✔ Geodis Park: Just 5 minutes away ( 1.3 miles ), this venue is home to the Nashville Soccer Club & Nashvilles current largest stage! 

 ✔ 12th South: Just 7 minutes away ( 2.3 miles ), this unique destination offers an amazing curated collection of local shops and dinning options.

✔ The Gulch: One of Nashville’s trendiest and most upscale urban neighborhoods with plenty of dining options & iconic murals such as the "What Lifts You" wings Located only 12 minutes ( 3.5 miles ) Away.

✔ The Nashville Zoo: A Short 12 minute drive sits a 188 Acre zoological park home to over 2,200 animals

Guest access
✔ The Entire Property is Yours: Enjoy full and private access to the entire home for your group's stay. We do currently have the garage un available for parking or use.

✔ Easy Self Check-In: You'll receive a unique code before you arrive, allowing for a seamless and secure check-in process.

✔ 24/7 Guest Support: We're here for you. Feel free to message or call us anytime, day or night, with any questions or needs you may have.

Other things to note
💎HOUSE RULES💎

We want to make sure your stay is as enjoyable as possible. Please keep the following house rules in mind:
✔ Quiet Hours: We kindly ask that you observe quiet hours from 10 p.m. to 7 a.m.

✔ Smoke-Free Environment "To preserve the air quality and integrity of our home, this is a 100% smoke-free property. This policy strictly includes cigarettes, vapes, and all THC products. Should smoking occur, a minimum $100 specialized restoration fee will be charged to cover the cost of professional ozone treatment and odor removal."

✔ Pet Policy "To maintain a pristine environment for all guests, unauthorized pets are strictly prohibited. A minimum $100 specialized cleaning fee will be applied to address any pet-related cleaning (including hair or sanitization). Additionally, guests are fully responsible for the cost of repairing or replacing any items damaged by an unauthorized pet."

✔ Enjoy Your Stay "We are thrilled to host you. We simply ask that you treat our home with the same care and respect as your own. Our goal is for you to have a truly unforgettable experience—enjoy your time in Nashville!"

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brenda & Tom
Host User ID: 53624338
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/53624338
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
This city, neighborhood & home has been the backdrop for so many magical moments in our own lives. When the opportunity came to share a little piece of this special place with others, it felt like a natural fit.

We love Nashville, we love this neighborhood, and we love the idea of helping our guests experience music city beyond the usual tourist stops. Whether you're here for the music, food, history, or simply a great getaway, we hope you feel at home and leave with new memories of your own.
My work: Working to retire.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
1 month hosting
6 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
1 month of hosting