URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/53328346
Latitude: 36.1786
Longitude: -86.7586
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Rooftop wet bar and deck, 4 en-suite bedrooms plus a private den, about 1 mile to Nissan Stadium. This 4BR/5BA townhome sleeps 12, with a Smart TV in every bedroom, a top-floor lounge, 2 reserved parking spots and self check-in with smart lock. One of four side-by-side units (A-D), great for big groups booking together. No pets, no parties.

The space
Welcome to Southern Glam – A Refined Retreat in the Heart of Nashville

Southern charm meets country music cool in this stunning 4-bedroom townhome, complete with a private den and room for up to 12 guests. Designed with style, comfort, and connection in mind, every bedroom features its own en suite bathroom and Smart TV, offering the perfect mix of privacy and modern luxury.

Gather your group in the open-concept living, dining, and kitchen areas, ideal for sharing stories, planning the day ahead, or winding down after a night on the town. At the top of it all? A rooftop deck with panoramic skyline views, cozy lounge seating, and a wet bar—your private front row seat to Nashville’s golden hour.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements

Primary Suite (3rd Floor): King + Twin with en suite full bath

Bedroom 2 (2nd Floor): Queen + Twin with en suite full bath

Bedroom 3 (2nd Floor): Queen with en suite full bath

Bedroom 4 (3rd Floor): Two Twins with en suite full bath

Private Den (4th Floor): Twin bed with twin trundle with shared bath access to living area

Top Floor Lounge: Queen Sleeper Sofa with access to shared full bath

🚗 Quick Drive Times
5 min to Broadway

8 min to The Gulch

10 min to 12South

4 min (or 25-min walk) to Nissan Stadium

10 min to Music Row & Edgehill

3 min to Kroger Grocery

7 min to SoBro

10 min to Midtown

15–20 min to BNA Airport

🌟 What You’ll Love
Rooftop deck with TV, wet bar, and plush seating

6 stylish full bathrooms for convenience and comfort

Fully equipped kitchen for snacks, cocktails, or coffee

Smart TVs in every bedroom

2 designated parking spots

Keyless entry system with your group’s unique code

Southern Glam is part of a curated collection of four townhomes—Units A, B, C, and D—each sleeping up to 12 guests. The homes share access to a private courtyard featuring an outdoor grill and yard games—perfect for gathering, relaxing, and soaking up that Southern sunshine. Unit D, Southern Glam, shines as the polished gem of the group.

🎶 Experience Nashville, Your Way
This city knows how to put on a show—from neon-lit nights on Broadway to local food, live music, and the sweet comfort of Jeni’s ice cream. Whether you’re here to celebrate, explore, or unwind, Nashville has something for everyone. And after every adventure, you’ll return to a townhome that feels like your own personal escape.

Your luxury Nashville getaway starts here—and we can’t wait to host you.

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
STRP# - 2021039851

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting