URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1313391941733449708
Latitude: 36.14675
Longitude: -86.81554
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This unique 3-bedroom, 3-bathroom listing combines two neighboring  top-floor units in the Odyssey building, perfect for groups or families. With stylish interiors, fully equipped kitchens, high-speed WiFi, Smart TVs, and two private balconies offering stunning Nashville skyline views, it accommodates up to 10 guests. Located minutes from Broadway, Nissan Stadium, and top dining, this spacious setup provides the ideal blend of comfort, flexibility, and convenience in the heart of Nashville.

The space
Welcome to the Ultimate Nashville Retreat! Discover the perfect blend of elegance, comfort, and convenience with this combo listing featuring two luxurious penthouse units (immediately next door to each other) in the vibrant heart of Nashville. Ideal for families, groups, or travelers seeking a spacious getaway, these penthouses offer the ultimate Nashville experience with breathtaking skyline views, top-notch amenities, and unbeatable locations near the city’s most iconic attractions.

The Properties

Unit 1:
This stunning top-floor, one-bedroom penthouse is located within the brand-new Odyssey at the Park building in Midtown Nashville. From the private balcony, enjoy sweeping, panoramic views of Music City. The chic living area, bathed in natural light from floor-to-ceiling windows, invites you to relax in plush seating while enjoying your favorite shows on the smart TV. The fully equipped kitchen, featuring modern appliances and essential cookware, ensures easy meal preparation, whether you're whipping up a light breakfast or savoring takeout from nearby restaurants. The serene bedroom boasts a king-sized bed, smart TV, and a walk-in closet, while the en-suite bathroom features a shower and tub combination with Jack-and-Jill access to the living area. Guests also enjoy exclusive access to resort-style amenities, including a sparkling outdoor pool, BBQ grills, and a state-of-the-art fitness center. Just steps away from Centennial Park and the Parthenon replica, and a short drive to Nashville’s legendary honky-tonks, this penthouse is the perfect base for exploring the city.

Unit 2:
Located in the heart of downtown Nashville, this spacious two-bedroom corner penthouse radiates modern elegance. The open-concept design features expansive floor-to-ceiling windows that flood the space with natural light and offer uninterrupted skyline views. The living area includes plush seating, a large smart TV, and plenty of room to unwind. The state-of-the-art kitchen, with stainless steel appliances and quartz countertops, makes meal prep a breeze, while the sleek dining area is perfect for enjoying meals with your group. The master bedroom features a king-size bed, premium linens, and direct access to the master bathroom. The second bedroom offers a cozy queen-size bed, making it ideal for family or friends. Both bathrooms are spa-inspired, with marble accents, and luxurious toiletries. Step outside onto your private balcony to soak in the vibrant energy of Nashville’s skyline. As part of a high-end residential building, guests have access to a resort-style pool, fitness center, and secure on-site parking. Situated just minutes from Broadway, Music Row, and The Gulch, this penthouse is a prime location for exploring the best of the city.

Why Choose These Penthouses?  
Whether you're traveling for business, a family vacation, or a special event, these two penthouses provide everything you need for a comfortable and unforgettable stay. Together, they offer 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, accommodating up to 8 guests comfortably with luxurious bedding and ample space. They feature 2 fully equipped kitchens, perfect for cooking gourmet meals or enjoying takeout from local eateries, and 2 private balconies with breathtaking skyline views ideal for morning coffee or evening cocktails. Resort-style amenities include two pools, fitness centers, BBQ grills, and secure parking. Their prime location puts you steps from Centennial Park, Broadway’s live music scene, and Nashville’s top dining and entertainment venues.

Book Your Stay  
Don’t miss the chance to experience Nashville in style with this unique combo listing. These two penthouses combine modern luxury, thoughtful design, and unbeatable locations to create the ultimate Music City escape. Whether you're here to explore, relax, or celebrate, your dream Nashville getaway starts here. Book now to secure your dates and get ready to make unforgettable memories!

Walking distance to hundreds of Midtown - West End attractions and 5 minutes to Broadway!
1 min: Centennial Park
1 min: The Parthenon
2 mins: Taylor Swift Bench
2 mins: The Local Nashville
2 mins: BrickTop's
2 mins: Bombay Palace
2 mins: Red's Hot Chicken
2 mins: Newk's Eatery
2 mins: Maggiano's Little Italy
2 mins: Starbucks
2 mins: J Alexander's Restaurant
2 mins: SandBar Nashville
2 mins: Avo
2 mins: Vanderbilt University
3 mins: Climb Nashville
4 mins: Tennessee State University 
4 mins: Hillsboro-West End 
5 mins: Broadway
5 mins: Nashville Yards (Amazon HQ2)
5 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
5 mins: Music Row
5 mins: The Nations 
6 mins: Music City Center 
6 mins: RCA Studio 
6 mins: Belmont Mansion
6 mins: McCabe Golf Club
6 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Club
7 mins: Sobro
7 mins: The Gulch
7 mins: Germantown 
7 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum 
7 mins: Patterson
8 mins: Nissan Stadium
8 mins: Bridgestone Arena 
8 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
9 mins: Martin's Bar-B-Que
9 mins: Top Golf
9 mins: 12 South District 
10 mins: Geodis Park
12 mins: Nashville Zoo
17 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Guest access
You have access to the entire condo and use of the building amenities including pool, gym and business center.

Other things to note
Please review the house rules. We have a strict no party rule and the HOA and neighbors will call the police in the event of a party in the condo.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kristin
Host User ID: 545497351
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/545497351
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Houston, Texas
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
253 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting