URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1567017382670080472
Latitude: 36.19748
Longitude: -86.82965
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Rooftop hot tub. Skyline views. 10 beds. Game room. Luxe 4-story townhouse. Quick Uber to Broadway.

Welcome to The Hawthorne — your upscale Nashville home base for unforgettable group getaways. You're just 12 minutes to Broadway: close enough for the action, far enough for the noise. Guests love staying here because you get what downtown can’t offer: free parking, a rooftop hot tub, plenty of beds, quieter nights, and space to actually unwind.

The space
Kick off the day with a fresh brew from the fully stocked coffee bar, enjoy skyline views from the rooftop lounge, or end the night relaxing in the hot tub under the stars. Inside, you’ll find a garage game room with a pool table and 10 comfortable beds across 4 bedrooms designed for large groups.

With thoughtful touches throughout, rooftop views, and a location just a quick Uber from Broadway and Downtown, The Hawthorne blends comfort, style, and convenience — the perfect home base for your Nashville stay.

What You’ll Love at The Hawthorne:
-Rooftop w/ hot tub that has east facing views & golden hour sunrises.
-The home accommodates large groups, we have 10 beds spread across 4 rooms!
-Coffee bar setup with options for both drip & keurig so you can make coffee your way.
-Quick uber to Broadway & all downtown attractions (about 12 minutes).
-Free Parking available - home has open parking spots that are first come.
-Early check-in & late check-out when available.

Welcome to four levels of comfort, fun, and proximity to downtown. Natural light pours into every room by day and every window has curtains to keep it out at night. Whether you’re dancing downtown or staying in for rooftop cocktails, The Hudson is your perfect escape in Music City.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (10 beds total) 
Bedroom 1 (2nd floor): 2 Queens (1 set of custom bunks)
Bedroom 2 (3rd Floor): 2 Fulls side by side
Bedroom 2 (3rd Floor): 2 Fulls side by side
Bedroom 4 (4th floor w/ rooftop): 4 Queens (2 sets of custom bunks)
4 bathrooms total, so nobody waits in line!

☕ Eat, Sip & Unwind
Mornings at The Hawthorne start at the coffee bar of your dreams. Whether you're an early riser or recovering from a night on Broadway, you’ll find everything you need to fuel your day. Offering both options for either Drip or Keurig brewers, with creamers, sugar, and all the fixings. It's your own personal cafe!

Enjoy meals at the island or take it to the rooftop, where you can eat with skyline views and watch the sunrise. After dinner? Enjoy our private hot tub while star gazing and observing the entire Nashville Skyline, challenge the crew to a game of Billiards in the garage, or unwind with a movie in the living room. This home has something for everyone.

🏙️ Location Highlights:
🛻 12 min to Broadway’s honky-tonks & nightlife
🍴 12 min to Germantown’s restaurants & shops
🏈 13 min to Titans Stadium & TopGolf
🛍️ 15 min to 12 South
✈️ 20 min to BNA Airport
🎶 22 min to Grand Ole Opry
You’ll be in the perfect spot to explore — without the chaos of being in the middle of it all.

🚗 Parking
The community has open parking spots that are first come first serve.
Well-lit & easy access — no parallel parking nightmares

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge kitchen, living areas, bedrooms, and bathrooms.

Rooftop Hot Tub & Safety
The hot tub is provided for your enjoyment at your own risk. By using it, you assume all liability for your party's safety.

▪️Safety First: This is an elevated outdoor area. Absolutely no climbing, sitting on the edges, or leaning over the railings.

▪️Supervision & Limits: Children must be supervised at all times. Limit sessions to 15–20 minutes.

▪️No Glass: Strictly no glass allowed in or around the hot tub area.

▪️Secure the Cover: The mesh cover must be clipped on the sides and KEPT ON AT ALL TIMES when the hot tub is not in use.

Don't forget that your host, Kirklyn + the Elevay Team, is also a local who's eager to help you find your next favorite restaurant in Nashville.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

Hot Tub: Use of the hot tub is at your own risk. Please shower before use, do not use glass in or around the hot tub, and do not add soaps, oils, bubble bath, bath bombs, or any other substances to the water. Keep the cover closed when not in use. Guests may be charged for additional cleaning, water replacement, or repairs resulting from misuse or failure to follow these rules. Please do not hang any towels on the balcony.

STRP#2023009332

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting