URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1172482117247665704
Latitude: 36.16599
Longitude: -86.75222
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy Nashville the way it’s supposed to be enjoyed, don’t get stuck in an airbnb party development (If it’s a townhome, it’s probably next to 20 others, weekends get loud)!

Experience the charm of East Nashville in this centrally located single family home. Just 7 minutes from downtown and close to many Nashville attractions, this 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom haven is perfect for families! Featuring a fully fenced in back yard, a fully equipped kitchen and more!

Book your Music City getaway today!

The space
Welcome to our charming haven nestled in the heart of East Nashville! With 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, our space is perfect for families or groups seeking comfort and convenience during their stay in Music City. Located in a peaceful neighborhood, our guests will enjoy a private backyard and easy access to downtown just 7 minutes away.

Key Features:

✦ Location: Situated in East Nashville, our home is just 7 minutes from downtown, ensuring easy access to Nashville's vibrant nightlife, dining, and attractions.
✦ Accommodation: Our home features 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, comfortably accommodating up to 6 guests.
✦ Private Backyard: Enjoy our private backyard, perfect for relaxing after a day of exploring or for morning coffee in a tranquil setting.
✦ Modern Kitchen: Fully equipped with high-end appliances, perfect for cooking meals during your stay.
✦ Smart TV & High-speed WiFi: Stay connected with high-speed WiFi and enjoy streaming your favorite shows on the smart TV in the living room.
✦ Dedicated Workspace: Need to catch up on work? We provide a dedicated workspace for your convenience.
✦ In-unit Washer and Dryer: Pack light and take advantage of our in-unit washer and dryer.
✦ Free Parking: Park with ease at our property with free onsite parking.
✦ Complimentary Coffee: Start your day right with free coffee provided for guests.

Our accommodations feature three beautifully appointed bedrooms, each offering a unique blend of charm and comfort.

✦ Bedroom 1: This cozy room features a Queen-sized bed, perfect for a couple or an individual looking to unwind in comfort. 
✦ Bedroom 2: A charming space with a Full-sized bed, ideal for one to two guests seeking a restful retreat. 
✦ Bedroom 3: This versatile room offers two Twin-sized beds, making it an excellent choice for friends, siblings, or children.

Effortlessly explore the city, as local attractions are conveniently close by:

✧ Downtown Nashville - 2.2 miles 
✧ Broadway Nashville - 2.8 miles
✧ The Gulch - 2.7 miles
✧ Music City Center - 2 miles
✧ Bridgestone Arena - 2 miles
✧ Nissan Stadium - 1.7 miles
✧ Nashville International Airport - 7.8 miles
✧ Gaylord Opryland Resort - 10.7 miles
✧ Vanderbilt University - 3.8 miles 
✧ Belmont University - 4.2 miles

Whether you're here to explore Nashville's music scene, attend a conference, or visit family, our home provides the perfect base. Experience the best of both worlds with quick access to downtown while enjoying the tranquility of a residential neighborhood. 

Book your stay with us today and make your Nashville trip unforgettable!

Guest access
During your stay, you'll enjoy exclusive access to the entire home, providing you with a private and personalized experience. From the moment you arrive, the space is all yours to explore, relax, and make lasting memories. With no shared spaces or interruptions, you have the freedom to truly unwind and embrace the comfort of having the entire home at your disposal!

Other things to note
ATTENTION LOCAL GUESTS: All locals must send an 'inquiry' first using the 'Contact Host' option on the booking page to state the purpose of your visit, so we can check to see if we would be able to accommodate your stay; otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel any confirmed reservation made without our approval.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4599 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting