URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/780624913562416766
Latitude: 36.1365
Longitude: -86.7876
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover modern luxury in this custom-built home, just 2 miles from downtown Nashville or a quick 7-minute Uber ride away. Enjoy easy access to the bustling 12th South, fashionable Gulch, and vibrant downtown life.

✔Queen size bed
✔ Full Bath
✔Fully equipped  kitchen 
✔Custom built modern design

The space
Welcome to your perfect getaway! This custom-built home is your cozy retreat with a touch of 'hygge', a Danish term for warmth and comfort. Designed with modern, clean lines, it offers a blend of style and coziness. With its sleek lines and functional style, this 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom guest home offers the perfect blend of comfort and sophistication.

★ LIVING ROOM ★
 
Relax in the living room, which boasts an open-concept layout for easy socializing, a comfortable couch, a coffee table, high-speed Wi-Fi, and a 55" HDTV with Netflix, YouTube TV with premium cable, HBO Max, AppleTV and more!
 
✔ Open-concept layout for easy socializing
✔ Couch and coffee table
✔ High-speed Wi-Fi
✔ 55” HDTV with Netflix, YouTube TV, and premium cable 

★ KITCHEN ★
 
Fully equipped kitchen, enjoy complimentary coffee, includes stove, oven, microwave, and dishwasher.
 
✔ Fully equipped kitchen for all your cooking needs
✔Appliances including fridge, freezer, stove, oven, dishwasher, and microwave
✔ Kettle, coffee maker, baking sheets and wine glasses included
✔ Complimentary coffee

★ BEDROOM ★

Nashville is a city full of exciting experiences waiting for you, to make the most of your time here, you'll need to stay energized! We've got you covered with the perfect place to rest your head each night. The cozy bedroom awaits with a queen size bed that promises a peaceful night's sleep. The minimalist decor creates a serene atmosphere so you can wake up feeling rejuvenated and ready to explore all that Nashville offers!

✔ 1 bedroom decorated with a simple, clean design
✔ 1 queen-sized bed with crisp sheets and fluffy pillows
✔ Can comfortably sleep 2 guests

★ BATHROOM ★

Refresh in the bathroom with a shower/tub, essential toiletries, fluffy towels, hair dryer, and iron.

✔ 1 full bathroom
✔ Shower/tub 
✔ Essential toiletries included (shampoo, conditioner, body wash, soap)
✔ Fluffy towels
✔ Hair dryer and iron also included

★ OTHER AMENITIES ★

Free parking is available to all guests on the streets. There is usually plenty of street parking right in front of the house but occasionally, guests may have to park two or three houses down. If you don’t have a car, that won’t be a problem – Uber and Lyft are readily available as well as scooters for rent! Also, there are many great neighborhoods and attractions that are only a 15-minute walk.

Free laundry is also included with your stay. There is an in-unit washer and dryer available for your use should you need to refresh your clothing during your stay.

Guest access
As our Airbnb guest, you will have access to the entire guest house. Please be aware that there are multiple levels in this house, including stairs leading to the front door. We encourage you to make use of all the amenities provided, such as the laundry, TV, and full kitchen.

We kindly request that you refrain from hosting parties or events, bringing pets, or smoking during your stay. We ask that you treat our home with the same respect and care that you would your own.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Irena
Host User ID: 16070575
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/16070575
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I'm Irena! I have lived in Nashville for over 20 years! My husband, my kids and I love all of the local attractions, music, and amazing restaurants that Nashville has to offer. We can't wait for you to explore Nashville and hope that you enjoy it as much as we do! We look forward to hosting you!
My work: Private Practice Therapist
Speaks English, Croatian, and Serbian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
727 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting