URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/10268835
Latitude: 36.12852
Longitude: -86.80575
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
West Nashville Neighborhood
Hillsboro/West End/Belmont
Short Term Rental Permit #2093669

Please note reservations made after 9 PM for that night will not be honored. My Arts and Crafts bungalow was built in 1928 by a family with two daughters.  The oldest was married and so the upstairs (the AirBNB portion of the house requires walking a flight of stairs) of

The space
West Nashville Neighborhood
Hillsboro/West End/Belmon
CAUTION LOW CEILINGS (DOOR CLEARANCES 71") TUB BUT NO SHOWER, NO INFANTS, CHILDREN OR PETS

Upstairs/Downstairs Duplex- My Arts and Crafts bungalow was built in 1928 by a family with two daughters.  The oldest was married and so the upstairs (the AirBNB portion of the house, 700 square feet,  requires walking a flight of stairs) of the house was designed for her and her husband to live.  It is a quaint space with dormers, low ceilings (Door clearances are 71", 72" clear under light fixtures and 77" on majority of ceilings SO TALL PEOPLE BE WARNED!) , kitchen and a footed tub but NO SHOWER (great for long soaks after a day of site seeing/shopping/dining) and feather bed topper, down comforter and feather pillows (also great after a day of exploring the city). 

I have lived in the house for 25 years and my home is decorated with vintage and antique furnishings.  Many are inherited from my family. The apartment has its own kitchen and bath, living room, bedroom and large closet, working desk area, with Wi-Fi access to the internet, cable TV, charging station to keep up to five electronic devices charged and ready to go.  The bath is stocked with shampoo, bubble bath, lotion, towels and wash cloths and hair dryer.  Access to the clothes washer and dryer is nearby. The kitchen has plates, coffee cups, bowls, silverware, glasses (water, wine, and martini), small microwave and single serve Keurig coffee and tea maker.

The house is within walking distance to the great shopping and eating in Hillsboro Village.  We are close to the nightlife of the 12th South area and downtown.  This is a perfect spot for expecting couples getting away before the arrival, a Babymoon!

This space would be ideal for visitors to the nearby colleges, Vanderbilt, Belmont and Lipscomb.  

The apartment has a double bed with feather mattress topper and feather pillows and is very comfortable for a couple visiting the city.  I live in the bottom portion of the house.

Guest access
The access to the apartment is through the rear entrance to the house  and a private staircase. Guests may also enjoy  the fenced backyard with gardens  sitting at the iron table and chairs.

Other things to note
We are close to many of the attractions that draw visitors to the city:
The Hillsboro Village Area is less than a mile away (a nice walk) and is home to 
Pancake Pantry there early because there is usually a long line (URL HIDDEN) 
Provence Café (URL HIDDEN) great coffee and food
Belcourt Theatre (URL HIDDEN) currently closed for renovations
The Parthenon (URL HIDDEN) although not in the Village it is close
Plus other interesting shops and eateries.
Within 3 Miles:
Vanderbilt University
Belmont University
Green Hills Mall (URL HIDDEN) the best shopping in the city
Frist Center for the Visual Arts (URL HIDDEN)   Great Art Deco building originally the Main Post Office
Bridgestone Arena (URL HIDDEN) venue for hockey and concerts
Downtown Nashville

Other points of interest
Nissan Stadium (Titans football) 4 miles
Nashville Airport 9 miles

The Nashville Scene is a publication devoted to what’s going on in town.  You can see it online at:
(URL HIDDEN)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kippie
Host User ID: 45848757
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/45848757
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I was raised in Nashville, left for college and living in the big cities and returned to raise my son.  Nashville has changed quite a lot since I was a child and today it is an exciting, vibrant city with outstanding restaurants, shopping, museums and galleries (all things that I love).  I have been an interior designer for 30 years and for many years imported antiques from England, Brussels and France with my fathers business.  I am an avid gardener and through the years have transformed the overgrown patch of earth in the back yard into a group of lush beds that I enjoy working in and gazing at while resting at the table at the end of the day.  When I'm not working (at my home office) or gardening I'm reading good mysteries or watching NCIS or Elementary, going to art galleries or the museum, I love to try out the many assortment of restaurants in town.  When traveling for work in France i like to use the French Gite system of unusual rental spaces all over the country.  It's a great way to get the local flavor of the area and I hope to provide that same graciousness to the guests renting my apartment.
My work: Leland Interiors
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
1155 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting