URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1122539328810245807
Latitude: 36.25708
Longitude: -86.71041
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This cozy home blends modern and retro vibes, sleeps 4, and offers gated privacy with parking. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen with new appliances, an LG Washtower, and 2 cozy queen beds.

Handmade furniture, wood art, and fun wallpaper add charm, while high-speed Wi-Fi, smart TVs, room-darkening curtains, and noise machines ensure comfort. Keypad entry, full-length mirrors, and on-site trash/recycling make your stay hassle-free.

Only 15 minutes from all the entertainment Nashville has to offer!

The space
This two-bedroom 1 bath unit is perfect for any couple or small group looking to soak up this vibrant city! Whether here for work or play, we want you to feel at home!

Our fully stocked kitchen amenities:
★ Refrigerator, Freezer
★ Washer/Dryer with detergent
★ Keurig Coffee Maker & Coffee Bar Essentials (coffee pods, tea, creamer pods, sugar)
★ Microwave, Stove, Oven, Dishwasher
★ Vitamix Blender
★ Pots, pans, baking sheets
★ plates, bowls, silverware
★ drinking glasses & coffee mugs
★ electric kettle
★ cooking utensils
★ mini waffle maker

Additional Amenities: 
★Hi speed wifi
★2 queen beds with quality mattresses
★personal closets with hangers
★55” smart tv in living room
★50” smart tvs in bedrooms 
★Room darkening curtains
★Noise machines
★Coffee table that converts to raised desktop workspace
★Dining table for 4
★Extra blankets

★Shampoo, conditioner, body wash
★Hair dryer, hair straightener

★Hardwood floors
★Full length mirrors throughout the space
★On site trash and recycling 

Briley Parkway- 2 miles
Broadway- 9 miles
Bridgestone- 9 miles
Music City Center- 10 miles
Nissan Stadium- 8.5 miles
BNA- 13 miles
Gaylord Opryland Resort- 5 miles
Vanderbilt University- 13 miles
The Gulch- 10 miles
Germantown- 10 miles
12 South- 13 miles
East Nashville- 5 miles

Hospitals:
TriStar Skyline Medical Center- 4  miles
Vanderbilt University Medical Center- 13  miles
Tristar Hendersonville Medical Center- 9  miles
Tristar Summit Medical Center- 11  miles
Tristar Centennial Medical Center- 13  miles
Ascension Saint Thomas Hospital Midtown- 12  miles

* New home construction next store just started week of March 1, 2025. Potential construction noise.

Guest access
Self check in with key pad. You will receive access codes and instructions a few hours prior to your arrival. (Check in is 3pm)
Front steps are present and required to enter. Guests have private entrance and access to entire unit with the exception to the maids closet. Your unit has a small private back deck. You may also enjoy the front patio with outdoor seating. Shared spaces include outside yard areas, parking and walkway to the front of the house. Use the pedestrian gate to access the property if you’re not parking a vehicle.

Guests may use the streaming apps on the smart tvs by logging in to their personal accounts. Please don’t forget to log out upon checking out.

Parking:

Only one vehicle per reservation is allowed inside the gate. Parking inside the drive-through gate is on the gravel pad: 

➤ Side A parks on the left (You are side A)
➤ Side B parks on the right 

Large vehicles should park on the street rather than inside the gate, as parking inside the gate is limited.

Both doors of the gate must be opened manually to drive in. Pull up to the trash cans and close the gate behind you after parking.

Please ensure enough space is left for other guests to park—be courteous when positioning your vehicle. Do not park on the grass. 

Additional vehicles must park on the street, directly in front of the property. Only one extra vehicle is allowed for street parking per reservation. Please ensure enough space is left for other guests to park—be courteous when positioning your vehicle.

Other things to note
* New home construction next store just started week of March 1, 2025. Potential construction noise. 

Our home is in an up and coming neighborhood and in close proximity to street traffic, bus stops, Nashville Fire dept, and other local businesses, there is potential for noise. 

**Both units in this duplex are short term rentals so there is a chance you may hear other guests next door.

***Parties or events are not allowed. No extra guests. No pets, no smoking or vaping of any kind. If you smoke anything (weed, too) there will be a $250 charge.

Left Behind Items- fees to ship left behind items is $50+.

Early check in/late check out fee- if available during your stay, we may be able to offer an early check in or late check out for $20/hr. Please inquire if interested.

Registration Details
2023098032

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jessica
Host User ID: 569431994
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/569431994
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to my cozy space! Im a local DIY enthusiast whos passionate about interior design and real estate. Ive poured my heart and creativity into this home, from designing the interiors to handcrafting the beautiful beds and unique headboard wood art. Everything is made with love and attention to detail to create a warm, inviting environment for my guests.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: TSU
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
95 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting