URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1331295536247973416
Latitude: 36.17412278473811
Longitude: -86.80344839103245
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 11
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Mellow Yellow Retreat! 
A Beautiful New Construction Home – 5 Minutes from Downtown Nashville. 

Stay close to all the excitement of Nashville while enjoying the privacy of a home perfect for business trips, sightseeing, or a cozy getaway. With spacious living areas, comfortable beds, and a modern design, this retreat offers everything you need to relax and recharge.

The space
About this space       
Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway! This stunning new construction home is ideally located just 5 minutes from downtown, offering both the excitement of the city and the tranquility of a peaceful neighborhood. The home is newly furnished with comfort as the design model. 

This spacious 3-bedroom, 3-bathroom home comfortably sleeps up to 11 guests, featuring:
• 1 King Bed
• 3 Queen Beds
• 2 Full Beds

Whether you’re here for a family vacation, a weekend with friends, or a group getaway, you’ll find everything you need to relax and enjoy Music City.

Weekend Reservations: 
Friday and Saturday must be booked together. Weekends are our most popular time in the city, which is why we require Friday and Saturday to be booked together. 

Amenities Include: 
•     Vanity stations set up 
        throughout the house
•	Free WiFi
•	TV in all rooms
•	Fully Equipped Kitchen
•	Iron/Ironing board
•	Large Washer and Dryer
•	Dishwasher
•	Hair Dryer
•	Fresh Linens
•	Plush Towles
•	Toiletries - Shampoo, conditioner 
        and body soap
•	Cozy Pillows
•	Keurig – coffee, creamer, and 
        sugar 
•	Central air and heat
•	Private Gate Entry/Exit
•	Fire Pit
•	Front and back deck seating

Concierge Service:
Anything you need is at your fingertips with our concierge add-on like stocking your fridge, luggage storage, decorating for your celebration or planning your itinerary!  Let us make your trip to Nashville the best trip ever!!

Entertainment Spaces:
•Open Floor Plan – Combined 
   entertainment space joining the 
   living room and kitchen area. 
• Private Back Deck - Unwind around 
   the large outdoor fire pit, 
   surrounded by comfortable 
   seating. The fenced-in backyard 
   offers privacy and breathtaking 
   nighttime views of the Nashville 
   skyline.
• Front Deck: Take in the city views 
   from the front deck, perfect for 
   morning coffee or evening drinks.

Additional Features:
• Private gate access with security 
   camera and keyless entry
• Quiet, peaceful neighborhood
• Ample indoor and outdoor space 
   for relaxing and entertaining

Early Check In/Late Check Out Request: 
Our property is typically booked every night and 100% on weekends. If you think you may need an early check in or a late check out, please consider adding a night to the beginning or end of your stay. If you are interested in the property, please book your stay as soon as possible. We CANNOT hold reservations. 

Cleaning Fee: 
We pride ourselves on providing a clean home for our guest. We hire experienced cleaners that work hard to make sure the property meets your cleaning expectation upon arrival. The cleaning fee is paid directly to the cleaners for their service. Please let us know if we missed anything while preparing the home for your stay and we will address it immediately. 

Free Parking: 
Guest have free parking access to a fenced-in two car private parking pad located at the back of the home. In addition, the home can accommodate one car parking on the street directly in the front of the house.  

Other Things to Note: 
We have worked very hard to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Please be respectful and take care of the property during your stay. Additionally, our neighbors are our friends so please mindful of the neighbors so that guest can continue to enjoy the space for many years to come. 

Stay close to the action while enjoying a quiet retreat. Book your stay today and experience the best of Nashville!

Guest access
Prior to your arrival, you will receive a unique keypad code that will serve as your keyless entry to the home during your stay. You will also receive an access code to open and close the privacy gate to the home.  Access is all keyless entry, and you can come and go as you please without the hassle of keys.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Meshia
Host User ID: 376780589
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/376780589
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
20 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting