URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/44390771
Latitude: 36.186
Longitude: -86.7546
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Under 3 miles to Broadway and in the neighborhood of some of the most awarded restaurants in Nashville like Bad Idea, Peninsula, and Kisser.
- Work-ready with high-speed WiFi and dedicated workspaces in common area
- Free parking with a 1-car garage
- Stylish living area equipped with Smart TVs for streaming
- Walk to local favorites like Mas Tacos Por Favor and The Pharmacy Burger & Beer Garden
- 24/7 hospitality support

The space
Discover the perfect blend of modern style and comfort in this chic townhouse. The space is thoughtfully designed for both relaxation and productivity.

Living Area: The second floor main living space features a plush velvet sofa that converts to a full-size sleeper bed, perfect for relaxing after a day of exploring.
Kitchen & Dining: A sleek, fully-equipped kitchen with everything you need for your culinary exploits, complemented by a versatile pub-style dining table.
Primary Bedroom: Unwind in a serene room with a queen-size memory foam bed. A unique vanity doubles as a sleek desk, creating a dedicated workspace.
Den: A cozy first-floor den includes a twin daybed with a twin trundle, both outfitted with luxurious memory foam mattresses.
Amenities: Enjoy complimentary high-speed internet and Smart TVs for all your streaming needs.
Free parking: A private, 1-car garage is available with a full size washer and dryer inside.

Sleeping Arrangements:
- 1st Floor Den: 1 Twin Day Bed with 1 Twin Trundle  
- 2nd Floor Bedroom 1: 1 Queen Bed  
- 2nd Floor Living Room: 1 Full Sleeper Sofa   

PLEASE NOTE: Due to the nature of the Nashville popularity boom, construction recently started near the home. You should expect some construction disruption Monday-Friday between 7am and 7pm.  

Long Term Living:  
Looking for a comfortable, furnished home in Nashville for an extended stay? Whether you're a digital nomad, college student, or settling in as our newest neighbor, we've got you covered. If you're interested, feel free to reach out to learn more! Please take note that there is a refundable security deposit of $500 charged separately before check in for any reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and a deposit of $1,000 charged separately before check in for any reservations over 6 months.  

Enhance Your Stay:  
Need a concierge? Let us recommend the best bars and restaurants in town, and even help you find one of a kind in-home experiences.  
Savor hearty Southern comfort food, from classic barbecue to spicy hot chicken, paired perfectly with a steaming cup of local craft coffee. Explore the rich history at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Johnny Cash Museum, or take a cozy stroll through the boutiques and coffee shops in East Nashville.  

Permit: 2020_followedby_034744

Guest access
You will have access to the entire home and garage.

Other things to note
Welcome to our boutique hospitality experience, led by a close-knit team of husband-and-wife duo and their close friends. We've been making dream vacations come true since 2014 and we're thrilled to do the same for you! We choose our properties with care, only offering places we'd love to stay in ourselves. You'll find top local spots around each location and we're always ready to suggest the best picks tailored just for you.

- Check-In: We provide a unique, custom door code for each stay for secure and easy keyless entry.
- Guest Verification: All guests are required to complete an additional guest verification process after booking, which includes signing a liability agreement.
- Local Bookings: We typically do not host local residents. We may inquire about the purpose of your stay and reserve the right to decline bookings.
- Security Deposit: A refundable security deposit is required for longer stays and is charged separately before check-in. The deposit is $500 for reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and $1,000 for reservations over 6 months.
- Child-Friendly Rentals: If you need a pack and play or high chair, please inquire for a unique link to rent these items.
- 24/7 Support: Our team is available around the clock to help with any questions or personalized requests.
- Permit Numbers: 2020_followedby_034744

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Beckon Homes
Host User ID: 6675690
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6675690
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We're the crew at Beckon Homes. We're a small, family-run boutique property management company that works hard to treat our guests like our loved ones by welcoming them into homes and neighborhoods we ourselves would stay in. Our team is on 24/7/365 to ensure you have everything you need, whenever you need it. We can't wait to host you at one of our homes!
My work: making guests comfy
Most useless skill: no skill is useless!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
9907 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting