URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/696230369035789330
Latitude: 36.1385
Longitude: -86.7876
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your whole group will enjoy easy access to everything from this centrally located place.  We are 1.5 miles to Broadway and walking distance to 12th South and the Gulch.  You can enjoy a view of Belmont, Vandy and Downtown while playing cornhole or just relaxing on the massive rooftop deck.
Our home has plenty of space for your large group to enjoy your stay while in Nashville!
STRP# 2017#059123

The space
Your Nashville Home Away From Home: Rooftop Vibes + Room to Roam 🎉
Welcome to your Nashville home away from home! This stylish property is designed for fun, featuring a spacious rooftop deck with plenty of seating, a cornhole setup, a grill, and an outdoor TV—perfect for cookouts, game nights, and relaxing under the stars. Whether you're gathering with friends or celebrating something special, this home has everything you need for a memorable stay!

The Space & Layout 🏡
Main Floor (Entry Level): A private retreat with a bedroom featuring Queen-size bunk beds and an en-suite bathroom. You'll also find a speakeasy-style game room with a pullout couch—great for late-night hangs!

Second Floor: The heart of the home! This open-concept space features a chef’s kitchen, a dining area, and an oversized living room with plenty of room for your whole crew to relax, cook, or plan your night out.

Third Floor:

Bedroom 2: Features a King bed with a private en-suite bathroom.

Bedroom 3: Features a King bed with a full bath right in the hallway for easy access.

Rooftop Level: The ultimate entertainment space with a grill, outdoor TV, cornhole, and comfy seating for everyone. ☀️

Local Recommendations 🎶
When you're ready to explore, you'll be close to everything!

Music & Entertainment: No trip is complete without a walk down Broadway’s Honky Tonks! For a more intimate show, try the historic Ryman Auditorium or the legendary Bluebird Cafe.

Dining & Drinks: In the walkable Gulch neighborhood, you'll find fantastic restaurants and mural art. For Nashville’s famous hot chicken, visit Hattie B’s or Prince’s.

Shopping & Exploration: Head to the trendy 12 South neighborhood for boutique shops and unique local finds, or explore the artistic vibe of Edgehill Village.

Golf Courses Near You ⛳
Looking to hit the links? You're in a great spot with several top-rated public golf courses nearby.

Gaylord Springs Golf Links: This upscale, links-style course is set along the Cumberland River and is often highly reviewed for its beautiful setting and challenging play.

Shelby Golf Course: A historic and convenient option, located in East Nashville.

Harpeth Hills Golf Course: A popular public course known for its scenic views and a layout that is both fun and challenging for all skill levels.

Guest access
You will have access to the entire townhome.  We offer keyless entry for easy check in and access.

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4542 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting