URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1323356135212145577
Latitude: 36.16476070723462
Longitude: -86.82050615379993
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Dolly's Dream House, where the spirit of Nashville meets the charm of Dolly Parton's iconic style!

The space
🏡 This vibrant 4 bedroom 4 bath vacation rental is your gateway to Music City magic, just a short drive from the electrifying energy of Broadway. Immerse yourself in the whimsical world of Dolly Parton throughout the house, adorned with her signature style and iconic photography. Every corner is a perfect backdrop, painted in various shades of pink with charming floral prints.

❓ Why Us?
If a boutique hotel and the home of your dreams made a lovechild, that’d be us. We’re Stay Minty; committed to providing an exceptional stay that combines the comforts of home with the allure of a chic urban retreat. Welcome to the party!

👯 Stay Together:
Dolly's Dream House offers a spacious floor plan, fully equipped kitchen, and four bedrooms, each with its own en suite bath and Beauty bar, providing ample room for your group of 12. Whether you're celebrating a special occasion, planning a family reunion, or embarking on a group adventure, Dolly's Dream House is designed to cater to the needs of large groups, ensuring everyone enjoys a memorable and luxurious stay.

🧼 Stay Fresh:
Professionally cleaned and prepared for perfection before your arrival, Dolly's Dream House invites you to indulge in comfort. Plush towels, cozy bedding, and Dolly Parton-inspired décor ensure you wake up refreshed and ready for urban exploration.

📍 Stay Current:
Immerse yourself in the whimsical world of Dolly Parton throughout Dolly's Dream House. The professionally designed interior is not just stylish; it's an experience tailored with your group in mind. Situated in the heart of Nashville, Dolly's Dream House provides easy access to the city's renowned music scene, iconic landmarks, and vibrant nightlife.

🔥 Stay Wild:
Entertainment awaits both inside and out! Enjoy park views from your windows or venture across to the nearby park. Ascend to the Dolly-themed rooftop, where a fire pit, BBQ, bar, and dining area await under colorful umbrellas. It's the ultimate spot for memorable gatherings and lively parties. Conveniently located between the best attractions, music venues, and nightlife, Dolly's Dream House is your launchpad for Music City's adventures.

🛌 Bedrooms:
Dolly's Dream House boasts four thoughtfully appointed bedrooms, each named after a Dolly Parton hit, providing plush accommodations for a restful night's sleep after exploring all that Nashville has to offer. Each room exudes a unique charm, offering a blend of style and comfort for a rejuvenating stay.

🛏️ SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS
• Jolene's Retreat: 1 king bed with en suite bathroom and beauty bar
• 9 to 5 Haven: 4 queen beds with en suite bathroom
• Coat of Many Colors Corner: 2 queen beds with en suite bathroom and beauty bar
• Islands in the Stream Suite: 1 king bed with en suite bathroom and beauty bar
Total 8 beds. Sleeps 12

🚿 Bathrooms:
Indulge in relaxation with our four full ensuite, elegantly designed bathrooms, featuring modern amenities and luxurious touches inspired by Dolly's timeless style.

🌟 IMPRESSIVE FEATURES
• Expansive living area, large TV with plenty of seating, park view
• Fully stocked kitchen with coffee
• Dolly-themed rooftop deck with park views, fire pit, BBQ, and eating area with umbrellas
• Sleeps 12 comfortably
• Prime urban location near Broadway and Nashville's iconic attractions

📌 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!
Dolly's Dream House boasts a location that is second to none. Explore the vibrant city life, immerse yourself in the local culture, and discover the best attractions, parks, and nightlife, all within easy reach. When hunger strikes, venture to nearby hotspots like the Sand Bar, Avo, and other top Nashville restaurants, all within easy reach. Your urban adventure begins here!

🧴 EVERY HOME, EVERY TIME
In a Stay Minty home, you’ll always find our bathrooms stocked with everything you need to get squeaky clean including shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. Our kitchens have all the essentials needed to prepare your favorite meal. Get your caffeine fix each morning with Keurig coffee pods included with every stay. We’ve even got your TV entertainment covered with hundreds of streaming options to choose from. We’ll even let you borrow our Netflix login if you need it! Stay Minty homes are immaculate and well maintained by professionals who clean between every guest using the highest standards in the industry.

📦 SUPPLY STARTER KIT
No one wants to have to worry about getting to the store after traveling all day! That’s why we provide a supply starter kit – to get you through the first day or two of your stay.
The kit includes a roll of paper towels, dish sponge, two dishwasher pods, five trash bags, dishwashing liquid, all-purpose cleaner, a small selection of coffee pods, hand soap, shampoo, conditioner, body wash and two rolls of toilet paper in each bathroom.

💎 ★OUR PROMISE★
At Stay Minty, we’re a dedicated and small (yet mighty) team on a mission to bring more passion and joy into the world through shared experiences. And great news for you, we both have the same goal: for your stay to be nothing short of perfect. With that said, sometimes the unexpected happens. Our homes are houses, no different than yours. Maybe ours are a little cooler, but that’s why you’re here. If anything comes up, we promise to spring into action faster than Taylor Swift after a break-up and do everything we can to resolve it… and then maybe write a hit album about it. I mean, we are from “Music City, USA”.

📞 If you have any issues or are unhappy with your stay, be sure to call, text, or email us like a good friend so we can get your stay back to minty fresh.

💖 We look forward to you booking our home and hosting your stay!!

Note: For safety and security, our property is equipped with exterior-only cameras located at the front entrance and driveway. These devices monitor the property perimeter and do not record any interior areas. There are no cameras inside the home.

Other things to note
MINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENTS:
The primary renter must be at least 25 years old. Exceptions are made on a case-by-case basis. Contact us for details prior to booking.

**Guests aged 21 - 24 are eligible to book if these guests pay a $750 refundable deposit or provide proof of damage insurance. 

**We do not accept bookings from guests within a 50-mile radius.

OPTIONAL FEES:
The following fees are paid in addition to and after the reservation is paid for.

- $249 / pet, pet fee (only valid on properties that allow pets. Pets cannot be left unattended which applies to ADA and service animals as well)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Meredith
Host User ID: 669754383
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/669754383
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 years hosting
18 reviews
4.61 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting