URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1688059942334956545
Latitude: 36.1726
Longitude: -86.7801
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
New! Riverside Rhythm! Step into your waterfront Nashville getaway at our first-floor haven w/ breathtaking views of the Cumberland River, iconic bridge, & Nissan Stadium right from your windows. Just minutes from the electric energy of Broadway, Germantown, First Horizon Park, & all the must-see spots in Music City, this spot is right in the heart of it all. Unwind with riverfront charm by day, dive into honky-tonks, hot chicken, & live music by night. Your perfect Nashville basecamp awaits!

The space
Welcome to Riverside Rhythm! This newly decorated, chic riverfront condo is in the perfect location! It sleeps 4, with a king bed, tile floors, fireplace, and a new queen sleeper sofa. Enjoy the fully stocked kitchen with Corian counters and have coffee, dinner or drinks on the balcony with magnificent river views and views of Nissan Stadium and the historic CSX bridge. Park outside your door and you'll have access to a pool, workout facility, laundry, fire pit, and grills. Conveniently located within walking distance to Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Riverfront Park, First Horizon Park, and trendy Germantown pubs and eateries. 

The space:
This newly designed condo features eclectic decor and is perfect for your Nashville getaway! The bedroom has a new king bed and mattress, smart TV, and a beautiful tile shower with teak bench. With the cozy queen sleeper sofa in the living room, it comfortably sleeps four guests, making it ideal for couples, small families, or a group of friends.

The condo has a unique distinction as it is a first floor unit with parking in front of your door but has an elevated (30 feet) stunning view of the Cumberland River. No need to haul luggage up steps like many other units in the building. 

As our guest, you'll enjoy a range of fantastic amenities. Take a dip in the pool (May-Oct), work out in the on-site fitness center, or take advantage of the laundry facilities to keep things fresh during your stay. The communal fire pit, grills, and lartge dining tabel (near pool) provide additional opportunities for outdoor enjoyment with great views, whether you're cooking hot dogs or grilling up a feast.

Location is everything, and this is the reason we purchased this condo!! You're less than a mile from the vibrant Broadway area, where live music, honky-tonks, and entertainment await. Nissan Stadium is also just a short walk along the river away, making it easy to catch a Titans game or concert! If you're in the mood for a more laid-back outing, you can walk to First Horizon Park (Nashville Sounds), explore local eateries and breweries, head to the Farmer's Market, or take a leisurely stroll through nearby beautiful parks. If you are bringing your pup there are great places to walk throughout Germantown. 

Free covered parking is literally in front of your door. Step out of your car and walk 10 feet. No steps!!

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire condo, the pool, fitness center, laundry center, fire pit, and outdoor grilling and dining area.

Guest access
You will have full access to the condo and other listed amenities. There is a Schlage Wifi lock on the door for easy entry (last 4 digits of your phone number).

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jeff
Host User ID: 51551642
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/51551642
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife Jill and I own 5 gulf front properties in Panama City Beach & one river front home in Two Rivers, WI. We frequently travel down to enjoy the beach. We have personally decorated each of the homes with a coastal flair & take great pride in ownership. We have two pups (Oliver and Casper) who travel with us. We want all of our guests to enjoy the homes as much as we do. We invite guests to message, text, or call with any questions.
Born in the 60s
My work: Investor/Realtor
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
911 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting