URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1718189226008440373
Latitude: 36.159
Longitude: -86.8791
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 11
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
**NEW**

Welcome to Nash Bash House! 

- 4 Bedrooms / 3.5 Bathrooms
- Sleeps up to 11 Guests
- Dedicated Workspace
- High-Speed WiFi (1 Gig)
- Smart TVs Throughout
- Fully Stocked Kitchen
- Coffee Machine
- Dining Space for Groups
- Washer & Dryer
-Outdoor Area
- Self Check-In
- Free On-Site Parking
- Fresh Linens & Towels
- Complimentary Toiletries
- Central Heating & Air
- Quick Access to The Nations, The Gulch, Downtown Nashville, 12 South & East Nashville

The space
Gated Luxury Stay ★ Sleeps 11 ★ Minutes to Broadway

Welcome to Nash Bash House — one of Nashville’s best affordable luxury group stays! Located in a safe, gated community, this stylish 4-bedroom townhome is just minutes from Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, marinas, shopping, bars, and top event venues.

Designed for bachelorette trips, family vacations, concerts, reunions, and business stays, this spacious home comfortably sleeps up to 11 and offers the perfect blend of comfort, style, and convenience.

This property has been a highly rated 5-star Airbnb for years, and we’re excited to carry on its legacy while making it even better. In the coming weeks, we’ll be refreshing the space with upgraded décor and added touches to enhance your stay. The sleeping arrangements and guest capacity will remain unchanged.

WHY GUESTS LOVE IT
✓ Sleeps 11 comfortably
✓ Safe, gated community
✓ Minutes to Broadway & downtown
✓ Free parking
✓ Self check-in
✓ Fast WiFi
✓ Dedicated workspace
✓ Fully stocked kitchen
✓ Spacious open layout
✓ Luxury bathrooms
✓ Easy interstate access

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔
THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR...

✓ Family Getaways – Spacious, comfortable, and kid-friendly

✓ Bachelorette & Bachelor Parties – Stylish stay close to Broadway nightlife

✓ Concert & Event Travelers – Quick access to Bridgestone Arena & Nissan Stadium

✓ Corporate & Business Stays – Fast WiFi, quiet environment, and workspace

✓ Friend Reunions – Plenty of space to gather and make memories

✓ Sports Fans & Weekend Travelers – Close to stadiums, marinas, and city attractions

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌LIVING ROOM (1st Floor)

⊙ Spacious open-concept living room with stylish decor, comfortable couch, and smart TV - we have a brand new LARGE sectional coming soon so be on the lookout for our updated pictures of it! 

⊙ Bright, modern space designed for comfort and entertaining

⊙ Spacious, open floor plan

▌KITCHEN & DINING ROOM (1st Floor)

⊙ Fully stocked kitchen with modern appliances, cookware, and coffee maker

⊙ Large dining table + bar seating perfect for group meals and gathering

⊙ Kitchen includes cooking essentials such as spices, olive oil, salt, pepper, and other basics to make preparing meals easy and convenient

⊙ 1/2 Bath for your convenience

▌BEDROOM #1 – (2nd Floor)

⊙ Guest Bedroom 1: 1 Queen bed with plush bedding and peaceful ambiance with private ensuite bathroom, walk in closet, and Roku TV

▌BEDROOM #2 – (2nd Floor)

⊙ Guest Bedroom 2: 1 Queen bed with plush bedding and peaceful ambiance with private ensuite bathroom with double sinks, two walk in closets, and Roku TV

▌BEDROOM #3 – (3rd Floor)

⊙ Guest Bedroom 3: 1 Queen + 1 Twin with unique loft-style skylight with walk in closet, Roku TV, and shared large bathroom with double sinks

▌BEDROOM #4– (3rd Floor)

⊙ Guest Bedroom 4: 2 Queen Beds with large vaulted ceiling, walk in closet, Roku TV, and shared large bathroom with double sinks

Perfect for groups who want to stay together without sacrificing comfort.

▌BATHROOMS – 3.5

⊙ Walk-in showers with spa-like finishes

⊙ Luxury towels, toiletries, and hair dryers

⊙ Spacious vanities perfect for getting ready before a night out

▌OUTDOOR & COMMUNITY FEATURES

⊙ Safe, private gated community

⊙ Plenty of free parking right outside the home

⊙ Quiet neighborhood while still being close to all the action

⊙ Minutes from marinas, shopping, bars, restaurants, and entertainment

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔
VIP CONCIERGE ADD-ONS (Available for an Additional Fee)

As experienced travel professionals, we’re happy to help elevate your stay with curated concierge services to make your Nashville trip seamless and unforgettable.

Through our trusted local partnerships, we can help arrange:

⊙ Private Transportation – Airport pickups, downtown rides, party buses, and group transportation

⊙ Curated Excursions & Experiences – Boat days, brewery tours, VIP nightlife planning, custom itineraries, and more

⊙ Private Chef Experiences – In-home brunches, dinners, and celebration meals

⊙ Celebration Packages – Bachelorette decor, birthdays, welcome setups, and special touches

⊙ In-Home Concierge IV Services – Recovery, hydration, wellness, and hangover relief delivered directly to the home

Let us know what you’re celebrating, and we’d love to help customize your stay.

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔
Traveling with a Larger Group?

Coming with more than 11 guests? We also have the adjoining unit right next door available to rent, making it perfect for larger groups, family gatherings, wedding parties, retreats, or big celebrations who want to stay close together while still having extra space and privacy.

Reach out for availability and special pricing when booking both units together!

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔
GUEST ACCESS

⊙ Full private access to the entire home

⊙ Self check-in with smart lock

⊙ Free parking inside the gated community

⊙ 24/7 host support during your stay

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔
OTHER THINGS TO NOTE

⊙ Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking

⊙ Strict no-smoking policy ($500 fee if violated)

⊙ Respect quiet hours after 10 PM

⊙ Early check-in and late check-out may be available based on scheduling

Whether you're here for a weekend getaway, celebration, concert, or extended stay, Honky Tonk Hideaway is designed to be your perfect Nashville home base. We can’t wait to host you!

Guest access
Guests will have full private access to the entire home, including all bedrooms, bathrooms, living areas, kitchen, dining space, and laundry area. You’ll also have access to the gated community and free on-site parking.

The home is exclusively yours during your stay—no shared spaces.

You will have self check-in with a smart lock—your code will be sent before arrival.

24/7 host support—reach out anytime with questions!

Other things to note
⊙ Smoke-free property – A $250 fee applies if violated

⊙ Respect quiet hours after 10 PM to maintain a peaceful stay

⊙ Early check-in and late check-out may be accommodated when scheduling permits.

⊙ Gated community with ample free parking for your convenience

Registration Details
2022035849

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Frannie And Matt
Host User ID: 1714003830991192765
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1714003830991192765
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We’re Matthew and Frannie! Nashville locals, a police officer and ICU nurse, and passionate travelers who love creating memorable stays. We started hosting because we know how much the little details matter when you’re away from home. As locals, we love sharing the best of Music City and helping guests feel comfortable, welcomed, and right at home.
Born in the 90s
My work: Police & ICU Nurse
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
3 months hosting
13 reviews
4.69 out of 5 average rating
3 months of hosting