URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/811760253278959562
Latitude: 36.1576
Longitude: -86.8168
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Celebrate in style at Casa Tiffani, a designer home built for groups. This 4-bed, 4-ensuite bath retreat comfortably hosts your entire crew. Enjoy effortless connection in open-plan living spaces and make memories on the private rooftop deck with stunning Nashville skyline views. Located just minutes from Broadway, it's the perfect, joyful base for milestone trips, girls' weekends, and unforgettable getaways. Features a 2-car garage with EV charger.

The space
☀ 8 min to Broadway & Downtown
☀ 10 min to Bridgestone Arena & The Gulch
Step inside the charming Tiffani blue door and you'll find a home built for effortless gatherings. From the open-plan living spaces to the private rooftop with skyline views, every area invites laughter, shared meals, and quiet coffee chats between adventures. Clean lines and thoughtful details create a relaxed, celebratory rhythm your group will fall into naturally.

✔ Spacious living area with plush sofas for group hangouts
✔ 4 Bedrooms each with it’s own luxury ensuite with large walk in shower, rain heads and plenty of mirror space for getting ready for your special events.
✔ Rooftop deck with lounge seating and skyline views for memory-making moments. Soak in the vibrant energy that is Nashville with glimpses of the city skyline. 
✔ Two private balconies to retreat to with your morning coffee or an evening glass of wine

🛏️ Bedrooms & Bathrooms: 
With a full bathroom in every bedroom, no one waits to get ready — making mornings flow smoothly and late nights easy to wind down from. Each room gives your guests their own retreat, yet still feels connected to the group's rhythm. Soft linens, ample storage, and calming tones create the kind of sleep that rejuvenates you. 
✔ 4 bedrooms, each with its own ensuite bathroom
✔ King bedroom + three queen bedrooms, with additional beds for flexible sleeping arrangements
✔ Soft bedding, ample closets, and thoughtful touches throughout
✔ Private bathrooms with walk-in showers — no sharing, no stress

🛋️Living Room
The living room is an open concept space designed for both relaxation and socializing. Sink into the plush sofas and armchairs, surrounded by chic decor and captivating wall murals that add a touch of glamour to the space. With ample seating and stylish furnishings, this inviting space sets the stage for cozy evenings or lively conversations with friends during your stay.
With plenty of natural light streaming in from the windows, the living room is an inviting space to gather with friends and family.
- Plush sofas and armchairs
- Smart TV for entertainment

🍳 Kitchen & Dining: 
Whether you're hosting a celebratory brunch, prepping snacks before a night out, or brewing your first coffee of the day, the kitchen is fully set for it. The open layout keeps the conversations flowing while you cook, with plenty of space for everyone to pitch in.
✔ Fully equipped kitchen with marble countertops and stainless-steel appliances
✔ Coffee bar with Nespresso and drip coffee maker to start your mornings right
✔ Island bench perfect for prepping or gathering around with a glass in hand

🌿Outdoor Living: 
The outdoor oasis of the townhome is where where moments of relaxation and enjoyment await. The rooftop deck is where the day winds down and the stories begin. Lounge in the sun, play cards under string lights, or snap a photo by the rooftop greenery — it’s your group’s private haven in the city. The 360 degree views of the Nashville skyline are the backdrop for unforgettable gatherings under the stars. With ample outdoor seating and dining areas, as well as twinkling string lights to set the mood, this home offers a picturesque setting for creating cherished memories with loved ones.
And when you need a moment away, the private balconies offer peaceful spots to pause and reset.
✔ Rooftop deck with lounge seating, dining space, and skyline views
✔ Vibrant green wall and mural backdrops for photo-worthy moments
✔ Two private balconies for quiet morning coffees or sunset chats

 🌆 Local Pulse: Close to the Action, Easy to Retreat
Head out for a night on Broadway or explore Nashville’s live music scene — your home base is an easy Uber away from it all. You'll be close enough to join the fun when you want, but tucked away enough to recharge when you’re done.
✔ Quick rides to downtown Nashville and the honky-tonks
✔ Hosts happy to provide local dining, activity, and group transport tips
✔ Garage parking for 2 cars and keyless entry for easy arrivals

KEY FEATURES:
- Four elegant bedroom suites each with ensuite
- Opulent bathrooms with walk-in showers
- Two private balconies
- Breathtaking rooftop deck
- Fabulous makeup bar
- Vibrant green wall for perfect photo ops
- Designer furnishings and unique motifs throughout
- Stocked coffee bar with Nespresso and drip coffee maker
- Spacious walk-in closets
- Well-equipped for unforgettable memories"
 
This won't be just where you stayed. This is where you toasted to friendships, celebrated a milestone, and felt the ease of a space designed for your people.

Guest access
During your stay, you will have private and exclusive access to the entire townhome. This includes all interior living spaces, the four bedrooms and ensuite bathrooms, the private rooftop deck, two balconies, and the two-car garage. Entry is seamless with a keyless entry system. A few closets are locked for owner supplies and are not accessible to guests.

Registration Details
2020007844

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Carolyn And Surendra
Host User ID: 8804549
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/8804549
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My husband and I love spending time at the beach, travelling or sometimes just staying home. We love trying new restaurants, walking and yoga. We spent the last 30+ years being entrepreneurs and for the last 3+ years have been in short term rentals. We love sharing our homes and taking care of our guests. We want you to have a fantastic experience with your families and make great memories during your stay with us. 
We are available 8 AM -7PM every day and just a phone call away in an emergency.
Born in the 60s
My work: Rosalie and Tiffani
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
337 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting