URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1608216982940480889
Latitude: 36.1535
Longitude: -86.7546
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 7
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★ Hermitage House by AvantStay ★

• A stylish, open-concept apartment just southeast of downtown Nashville
• Two bedrooms + loft sleeping nook with flexible layouts for groups
• Private balcony, full kitchen, and in-unit laundry for easy stays
• Rooftop with firepit, foosball, seating, plus shared gym and resident lounge
• Close to East Nashville, The Gulch, live music venues, and major event hubs

The space
Welcome to Hermitage House by AvantStay! 

Step into a stay that feels as creative as the city around it. This thoughtfully designed apartment blends bold style with everyday comfort, offering an open-concept layout that’s perfect for groups who want to gather, relax, and experience Nashville together.

Inside, the living space is bright and inviting, anchored by modern furnishings that make it easy to unwind after a day out. The full kitchen comes stocked with all the essentials for at-home breakfasts or late-night snacks, while in-unit laundry adds an extra layer of convenience for longer stays. Step out onto the private balcony to enjoy a quiet moment or a morning coffee before heading into the city.

Sleeping arrangements are flexible and ideal for groups. The primary bedroom features a king bed and a private ensuite with a shower/tub combo. The second bedroom offers two queen beds and its own ensuite with a walk-in shower—perfect for friends or family sharing the space. A cozy loft sleeping nook with a twin bed rounds out the layout, maximizing comfort without sacrificing style. In total, the home sleeps up to seven guests across two bedrooms and a loft.

Beyond the apartment, the community amenities elevate the experience even further. Stay on track with workouts in the shared gym, relax in the resident lounge, or head up to the rooftop where you’ll find a foosball table, firepit, and plenty of seating—ideal for evening hangs with skyline vibes.

Located just southeast of downtown, this area puts you close to some of Nashville’s most sought-after spots without the constant noise of Broadway. You’re minutes from live music venues, East Nashville’s creative dining scene, the Gulch, and major event hubs, making it an ideal home base for concerts, weekend getaways, or city explorations. Whether you’re here for the music, the food, or the energy, this stay keeps you connected—without feeling crowded.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.

Parking Details:
- Parking available for 2 vehicles.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

Registration Details
2024043631

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting