URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/52620499
Latitude: 36.1798
Longitude: -87.015
rental_type: Entire cottage
property_type: COTTAGE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Pegram, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Creekside Cottage is away from it all, while only 15 minutes to West Nashville and 30 minutes to Nashville city center. This charming cottage is nestled between the base of a mountain and West Fork Pond Creek. Minutes to the Cumberland River, kayak rentals on the Harpeth, numerous hiking trail options, Nashville Zoo and historic plantations all in the area. Creekside Cottage is the perfect tranquil retreat! *Pets welcome!

The space
Creekside Cottage feels spacious with an open concept living area and large 30-foot screened porch. The house has two bedrooms and two bathrooms; one on each end of the house with the living areas in the middle. The carport serves as a covered patio where you may sit while grilling and enjoy a glass of wine. Drink your coffee in the large front porch while listening to the babbling brook and watching the birds. The house is a 1,000 square foot and offers guests everything they need in a compact package. In short, my home is your home! 

This is how our guests describe Creekside Cottage
"We absolutely loved this cottage. We spent most of our time on the front screened porch just enjoying the creek and the birds. This cottage is very well decorated and had everything we needed to feel refreshed and comfortable. After spending a day in Nashville, the house was like a warm hug when we walked in."
"The property is quiet, has a relaxing babbling creek, birds at the feeders. 
Outstanding experience!! Will definitely stay here when I’m back in the Nashville area!!"
"We loved watching the birds while we had coffee on the porch. Our dogs absolutely loved it and settled right in. The house is wonderful, clean, well-appointed and has everything you would need. It’s close to everything and yet far enough to provide an exceptionally peaceful stay."

Guest access
The driveway has a private cement bridge crossing the creek. Oversized trucks and trailers are to be parked at the end of the driveway. There is plenty of parking near the house for standard sized vehicles.  

Guests will be alone on the property and have private access to all areas. We will not be present for your check in or the duration of your stay. 

This our primary home; we have a few personal belongings here. There is plenty of room for your things. A dresser in the master bedroom with a place for a suitcase and hanging clothes. 

We encourage you to enjoy the front porch, listening to the creek and watching the birds. There is an outlet on the porch for phone and laptop, a perfect place to catch up on work. You are welcome to the coffee pot and coffee; a complimentary basket of snacks will be available for your convenience. Feel free to use the refrigerator, freezer, all cooking utensils, anything you would need to prepare a meal, including the grill. The laundry is also available for your use.

Other things to note
For now we are offering a pet friendly place to our guests. Please give us the details of your travel companions so we can properly prepare for them and for the next guest after your stay. It is a fine line offering a place for fur babies, as some guests are allergic. After a fur baby stays, all rugs, bedding and some furnishings are washed thoroughly, furniture is vacuumed and sometimes steamed cleaned. So please be upfront with us. We want to continue to offer a safe place for furry family members.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Nicole
Host User ID: 347756178
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/347756178
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’m Nicole! I love exploring, trying new things, and enjoying life along the way!
Born in the 90s
My work: Property Management
5 years hosting