URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1769962786353095372
Latitude: 36.1941
Longitude: -86.7589
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Two East Nashville townhomes located next to each other, just minutes from top dining, breweries & shopping! Sleeps 20 people. 8 min to Downtown Broadway bars. Enjoy a drink on our Rooftop decks with lounge seating, a dining table, TV & BBQ grill. Free parking available in our parking lot. TVs in the living rooms & 4 of the bedrooms. Each bedroom has a connecting bathroom. Upscale kitchens w/ dining seating. Near hotspots such as Highland Yards, Southern Grist Brewing, Mas Tacos & Kisser.

The space
★ Two townhomes, rented together
★ 8 bedrooms, each with its own ensuite bathroom
★ 10 beds: 2 Kings, 6 Queens & 2 Sofa Beds
★ 8 full bathrooms + 2 half bathrooms
★ 2 private rooftop patios with outdoor seating, dining tables, TVs and BBQ grill
★ Smart TVs in the living rooms, 4 bedrooms and rooftop areas
★ 2 fully equipped kitchens with island seating & dining areas
★ Free parking available in our parking lot
★ Walk to Momento Specialty Coffee, Garage Sale Vintage, Highland Yards Shops & Boutiques, Kisser, The Wash, Southern Grist Brewing
★ 3 miles to the Downtown Broadway area
★ Washer/Dryer in each unit
★ Fully equipped kitchens for all of your cooking needs
★ Plenty of closet space to store your belongings
★ Full Length Mirrors
★ High-speed internet
★ Hair dryers, shampoo, conditioner and body wash provided
★ Drip coffee machine + coffee provided
★ Adjustable thermostat
★ Hassle-free check-in with no keys, just codes

Unit 613:

BEDS:
Bedroom 1: Queen bed — 1st floor
Bedroom 2: Queen bed — 1st floor
Bedroom 3: Queen bed — 3rd floor
Bedroom 4: King bed — 3rd floor
Living Room: Queen sofa bed

BATHROOMS:
Bathroom 1: Full-size with standing shower, connected to bedroom 1 on 1st floor
Bathroom 2: Full-size with standing shower, connected to bedroom 2 on 1st floor
Bathroom 3:  Full-size with standing shower, connected to bedroom 3 on 3rd floor
Bathroom 4:  Full-size with standing shower, connected to bedroom 4 on 3rd floor
Half Bath 1: Half bath on main floor, off the kitchen

Unit 615:

BEDS:
Bedroom 5: Queen bed — 1st floor
Bedroom 6: Queen bed — 1st floor
Bedroom 7: Queen bed — 3rd floor
Bedroom 8: King bed — 3rd floor
Living Room: Sofa bed

BATHROOMS:
Bathroom 5: Full-size with standing shower, connected to bedroom 5 on 1st floor
Bathroom 6: Full-size with standing shower, connected to bedroom 6 on 1st floor
Bathroom 7:  Full-size with standing shower, connected to bedroom 7 on 3rd floor
Bathroom 8:  Full-size with standing shower, connected to bedroom 8 on 3rd floor
HalfBath 2: Half bath on main floor, off the kitchen

Each bedroom has its own ensuite full bathroom. Each home also has a half bathroom on the main floor near the kitchen.

NO parties or locals guests allowed to book this property. Only the number of guests listed with the reservation allowed at the property at all times. 

After a fun day out exploring Nashville, come back to relax in this inviting, high-end home. Spend your downtime in the cozy living room or relax on our rooftop patio. The airport is only about 15 minutes away, and there are plenty of affordable Ubers, Lyft and taxis available. Our home is in a great location to enjoy all the things that Nashville has to offer.

CLOSE TO (alphabetical order):

★ Bridgestone Arena (Predators)
★ Country Music Hall of Fame
★ Country Music Television (CMT)
★ Flora + Fauna Café & Roaster
★ Garage Sale Vintage - East Nashville
★ Golden Pony Cocktail Bar
★ Highland Yards Shops & Boutiques
★ Lil Cee's Soul Food
★ Kisser (hot new restaurant in Nashville, serving Japanese lunch & brunch)
★ Mas Tacos
★ Momento Specialty Coffee 
★ Music City Center (Convention Center)
★ Nissan Stadium
★ Otaku Ramen
★ Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden
★ Publix
★ Ryman Auditorium
★ Sounds Minor League Baseball Stadium
★ SHED Group Fitness
★ Southern Grist Brewing
★ Tennessee Performing Arts Center (TPAC)
★ Tennessee State Capitol.
★ Tower Market & Deli
★ The Wash

At SkyShare Management, hospitality is what we do best. With 15+ years of property management experience, we combine professionalism with a personal touch to make every stay effortless and enjoyable. Our team provides local recommendations to help you discover the best spots and hidden gems the city has to offer. Please reach out to us through messaging with any questions you may have!

Unit 613:
Permit #2025101760

Unit 615:
Permit #2025103256

Guest access
You will have both homes to yourself.

Other things to note
You will be renting two townhomes, located near each other. 

Nashville is growing at a quick rate. There may be some construction happening near the home. 

Early check in times selected through the app are not applicable. If you would like early check in, you must message us.

All pets must be approved by us in advance of your booking.

There are numerous sets of stairs in this home. You will have to use stairs get to the kitchen and living room area.

There is a train nearby that you will be able to hear. We provide sound machines for light sleepers.

Parking in the parking lot is first come, first serve.

We do not supply propane for the BBQ grill.

Parking in the parking lot is first come, first serve.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amy
Host User ID: 416033925
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/416033925
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I am an experienced Airbnb host. I have been renting out homes through Airbnb for over 15 years. My team and I are excited to host you and make this a memorable trip. If there's anything we can do to make your stay more enjoyable, please don't hesitate to reach out!
Fun fact: I love to travel and meet new people!
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
11408 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting