URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/20456848
Latitude: 36.13585
Longitude: -86.80385
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Bedroom 1: King Bed | Bedroom 2: King Bed

Family-friendly 2BR/2BA condo in Hillsboro Village near Vanderbilt & Belmont, just 2 miles to Downtown Nashville & Broadway. Walk to restaurants, coffee shops & boutiques. Quiet residential setting away from party noise. Two king beds, Pack-n-Play, washer/dryer & free parking. Minutes to 12 South, Music Row & Midtown. Ideal for families, university visits & extended stays.

The space
Our unit features a musically inspired living space, outfitted with clean furnishings and music inspired art to create a truly Nashville experience. The full kitchen with stainless steel appliances and a Keurig coffee machine combined with a seating peninsula makes preparing and eating any meal a breeze. Rest and relax in the living room. Make yourself comfortable on the plush sectional sofa while you stream your favorite show on the flat-screen Smart TV with local channels. Upstairs, the unit features 2 private bedrooms complete with a Jack and Jill style bathroom that allows everyone their own sink and vanity and provides shared private toilet and tub. Downstairs guests can enjoy another full bathroom located conveniently next to the kitchen and living room. The sleeper sofa sleeps an additional two guests.

Guest access
You have access to the entire unit.

Other things to note
Hillsboro Village is a slice of southern charm tucked away from the hustle and bustle of downtown Nashville. Eat dinner like a local at the historic Brown’s Diner which has continuously served Nashvillians since 1927 when it opened as a mule drawn trolley car. Other local restaurants are the famous Pancake Pantry and coffee enthusiast haven Fido. Don’t forget to consider eating brunch at Biscuit Love or Ruby Sunshine. The Grilled Cheeserie offers a unique and memorable lunch experience. The Village also hosts familiar favorites like Hopdoddy, Double Dogs, Jeni’s, and Crumbl Cookies. Provisions are plentiful as well with a Kroger grocery store and Village Wines located a short walk away down tree lined 21st Avenue. Looking for something to do? The Belcourt Theatre has been operating in the Village since 1925 and screens a variety of films every day. AnzieBlue, AB, offers regular live music performances. On a sunny day it’s hard to beat Fannie Mae Dees Park, better known to locals as Dragon Park for its large mosaic dragon sculpture. Shopping opportunities abound with the Village’s flower shop, jewelry stores, and numerous clothing shops like Posh, Altar’d State, Molly Green, Rebecca James, Dress Up, Festivity, UAL, and the Nash Collection. All of this is located in just a small 5 block radius largely in beautiful, historic brick buildings. Several distinctive artworks and murals ad to the ambience of the neighborhood.

Nearby and within walking distance is Vanderbilt University and its medical center. Also nearby is the commercial district at 12th South, Belmont University, Music Row, and Nashville's Centennial park and full sized replica parthenon. The Village is located less than two miles from the heart of Nashville’s downtown scene and the trip can be made by foot, Nashville’s WeGo’s Number 7 Bus which runs every 20 minutes, car, or rental bike.

Downtown Nashville is home to a potpourri of exciting attractions. Pay homage to the legends at the Country Music Hall of Fame or get tickets for a show at the Ryman Auditorium. See a show at the Ascend Amphitheater or take in some history at the Tennessee State Museum.

For ONLY 30+ Day Stays – Required Recurring Cleaning (Scope, Cost & Exclusions)

For reservations of 30+ nights, recurring cleanings are required to maintain the home.

Frequency:
Weekly (every 7 days) 

Cost:
INCLUDED in the monthly price per night, charged at cost (our cleaner’s rate; no markup).
Additional guest or pet fees may apply per House Rules.
(Service animals are exempt from pet fees.)

Included cleaning scope:
Scrubbing bathrooms (toilets, showers, tubs, sinks, mirrors)
Vacuuming rugs and floors
Mopping hard floors
Changing bed sheets
Starting one load of used sheets

Not included:
Personal laundry
Dishes or dishwashing
Tidying personal belongings
Trash removal beyond normal kitchen/bath receptacles

Access:
Guest agrees to allow cleaner entry with 24+ hours notice. Refusal of required cleaning may result in additional charges or cancellation for violation of House Rules.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Cat
Host User ID: 330413872
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/330413872
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
250 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting