URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1489439604709754656
Latitude: 36.15851287461613
Longitude: -86.81667447397112
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience comfort and convenience in this newly built second story apartment, complete with a modern kitchen, cozy living room and shaded outdoor seating on the balcony. Only 2 miles from Downtown Broadway with its incredible music scenes and vibrant attractions. Whether it be a Titans home game, a concert at the Bridgestone Arena or the live music of Broadways bars, this home is central to anywhere you'll want to go in Nashville.

The space
Parking-
The apartment includes 1 free parking spot in the parking lot behind the building. Parking spots for compact and full-size vehicles on the property. Additional parking is located along the side streets (Lena St and 27th Ave)

Sleeping Arrangements-
The bedroom has a medium-firm king bed with a walk-in closet. The living room has a pull-out couch as well as a queen air mattress. Perfect for a family with or without kids, or a group of friends. All rooms are fitted with blinds to keep the sun out after a late night.

Entertainment-
Fitted with Wi-Fi and two 50" smart TVs with access to YouTube TV and all your favorite streaming services. Gives you plenty of options to relax before your night out or enjoy a nice slow morning.

Kitchen-
A fully equipped kitchen with the essentials for cooking meals, including an electric oven and stove. Also has a coffee maker so you can start your morning off on the right note. Just next to the kitchen there is a stackable washer and dryer.

Bathroom-
There is a walk-in shower with shampoo, conditioner and body wash at your convenience. There is a hair dryer and large mirror to help you get ready before a night out on the town or a towel warmer to relax and get cozy for a night in.

Balcony-
Enjoy a nice relaxing morning with a cup of coffee on your own private balcony.

Guest access
The property has keyless 24hr entry and an elevator to help make moving your luggage quick and easy. There is a 5th floor rooftop patio for you to enjoy, with a spectacular view of downtown Nashville.

Other things to note
Located on the west side of Nashville, this property offers excellent access to Broadways famous bars, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena and the famous Country Music Hall of Fame.

On property restaurant-

Aroi by Smiley Thai-
Whether you’re looking for a lunch special, a full dinner menu or happy hour drink specials this Thai Cuisine has what you’re looking for.

On property coffee shop-

Retrograde Coffee-
A locally owned and operated coffee shop with multiple locations across Nashville. With their hot and iced coffees, specialty drinks and sandwich selection, they’ll have what you need to suite your appetite.

Permit-2025091841

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tyce
Host User ID: 696668607
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/696668607
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm a construction worker trying to get into real estate one property at a time. I've always enjoyed bars and live music, so why not pick Nashville to start my real estate journey!
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: South Christian High School
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 months hosting
43 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
10 months of hosting