URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1623439219445926492
Latitude: 36.1969
Longitude: -86.8276
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Heights by AvantStay! 

- 2 condos, near Downtown Nashville
- Total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping 12 guests
- Modern, stylish interiors with curated furnishings
- Fully equipped kitchens with modern appliances for at-home dining
- In-unit washer and dryer for added convenience
- Minutes away from Midtown, Germantown, and the Gulch for shopping, dining, and nightlife
- Close proximity to Nashville's top attractions and greenways

The space
These two homes are right across the street from each other, with a combined total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping 12 guests—an ideal option for family trips or groups looking to spread out.

Nestled on a scenic bluffside just minutes from Downtown Nashville, The Heights condos provide a refined home base in a rapidly growing area. With nearby retail and dining options, you're always close to the city's vibrant attractions, greenways, and nightlife. Whether you're visiting Midtown, Germantown, or the Gulch, the best of Nashville is never far away. Each condo features curated, modern interiors, perfect for relaxing after a day of exploring or work.

Unit 1: The Heights #401 This contemporary two-bedroom, two-bathroom condo sleeps 6 guests, offering ample space to unwind. The bright living area invites relaxation, while the fully equipped kitchen ensures you have everything you need for dining in. Additional amenities include an in-unit washer and dryer, ideal for longer stays.

Unit 2: The Heights #402 The Heights #402 mirrors the stylish design of #401, with two bedrooms and two bathrooms, accommodating up to 6 guests. This condo features a modern, comfortable living space, perfect for both downtime and socializing. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, in-unit washer and dryer, and the proximity to Nashville's top destinations.

Please note:
- The elevator is not available for guest use.
- These units are located on the fourth floor, and there are 65 steps from the first floor to these units. This property is not suitable for guests with mobility limitations.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There's a reason Nashville has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, Avantstay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Noise is expected. This home is close to downtown Nashville, so street traffic and city sounds can be heard, especially in the evenings and on weekends. Sound machines and earplugs are provided for your comfort.

Parking Details:
- 2 cars are allowed per unit.
- Parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis in front of the building or to the right as you enter the complex.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2025034975 & 2025034976

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting