URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/38095416
Latitude: 36.16987
Longitude: -86.68849
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 15
beds: 22
occupancy: 16
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Fully immerse yourself in the distinct charm and character of the pre-civil war South with a stay at this historic and elegantly restored home that has been converted into an Inn. From the rocking chair-lined front porch to a fireplace in your bedroom, you won't find more accommodating place to relax in the whole country. Feel the gentle breeze of Southern hospitality during a stay at this beautiful historic Mansion.

The space
This stunning plantation house awaits your visit. Staying at Belle Air for your large group will be a once in a lifetime experience.  Experiencing the large estate with it’s amazing architecture, 13 foot ceilings, and beautiful antiques is something that will be remembered by all.
This is a very important property here in Nashville to the community. Belle Air was designated as an Historic Landmark in May 2018, and fully renovated with modern amenities. You can do an internet search on, “Lewis James Belair Mansion Nashville”, and there are Newspaper Articles and also News Reports about the property. 
More than reading about history, you will be able to stay overnight where the Harding and Nichol families lived almost 200 years ago. This is one of a very few Antebellum Mansions in America where visitors are allowed to stay overnight in the actual house.
Explore a place where time stands still. Go back in time while still enjoying modern amenities.  
Belle Air is a very visible historic and civic landmark in Nashville.  Most pre-civil war Mansions are far out of town. Belle Air is about 4 miles from the Nashville Airport and 5 miles from downtown along Lebanon Pike. It is 3.5 miles from the Opryland Resort. It is unique in that it is almost 6 acres and can be a retreat in the middle of the city. Listed on the National Register of Historic Places and modeled after Andrew Jackson’s Hermitage, which is close by.  
Belle Air is significant because of its architecture style as a Greek Revival Mansion built in 1832. Representative of the great houses of the well-to-do Southern landowners in the first half of the nineteenth century, it remains as an example of these houses which once were abundant but have now mostly disappeared from the scene. It was important that Belle Air be preserved for the benefit of those who might not otherwise be able to come in contact with such an example of architecture of the Old South. Many families prominent in the social and economic development of Nashville have either lived in or been entertained at Belle Air.
Belle Air has large rooms for banquets and meetings. Host you corporate retreat in the Mansion. Your experts can present their materials on our 75 inch 4K display in a state of the art Business Training Center. This room seats up to 20 people each with their own power station and USB charging port.  
There are 15 bedrooms, each with it’s own private bathroom. 14 of the bedrooms have an en-suite bath. There are a total of 19 bathrooms. The Mansion has a lot of small and large seating areas both inside and out.  There are 27 chandeliers and many large paintings throughout the house. Enjoy the house’s superb design, great colors and accessories. You will find the rooms warm, plush and completely inviting

Guest access
We will email house and room codes via a pdf welcome packet.

Other things to note
We will provide a full breakfast each morning unless you don't want it. We require that breakfast & lunch at the Mansion are either catered, brought in by a chef, delivered, or prepared by my staff. We also have a lunch & dinner menu if you want to consider that option.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lewis
Host User ID: 50400360
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/50400360
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Hendersonville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
11 years hosting
117 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting