URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/19782197
Latitude: 36.1754
Longitude: -86.7814
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Our fully remodeled, bright, cozy, light-filled condo is the perfect place for your Nashville getaway! Great for couples, business trips, girls' trips or whatever brings you to Music City. Wake up in a king-sized Casper bed + sip coffee on the Adirondack chairs. Spend the morning by the pool, walk 15 minutes to discover your favorite downtown hotspot + return to relax before walking to Germantown for a perfect dinner! Close to everything in Nashville & with experienced hosts, you're bound to have an amazing time!

Officially permitted short term rental.  Only book your stay if the property is permitted with the City of Nashville! 

Our delightful condo is located on the first floor of a riverfront building with numerous amenities including a pool and workout room, an assigned space with additional free parking on site, and a laundry facility. A welcoming entry way invites you to your home away from home.  The peaceful, inviting master bedroom is equipped with a king Casper bed, walk-in closet, and en suite bathroom. The kitchen comes fully stocked and includes a Keurig coffee machine and all necessary cooking supplies. A dedicated office nook and wifi lets you complete your work with ease.  The relaxing living room includes a 50” LED TV, a chaise sofa that becomes a comfortable queen bed, and plants and lighting designed to make you feel right at home.  

All of our guests will enjoy plush towels, soft linens, and basic toiletries.

A free, dedicated parking space is just 10 feet from the front door!

You'll have unlimited access to the condo. Settle in and get comfortable!

Hosts are not on the premises but live close by and are accessible via phone, text, or email when needed. We will also provide an in-depth guide to all of our favorite Nashville spots. No need to do the research - we've done it for you!

We are perfectly situated adjacent to the 3.5 mile Cumberland River Greenway. Walk or ride a bike to downtown, Lower Broadway, Germantown, the Nashville Sounds stadium, the Farmers' Market, Bicentennial State Park, Capital Hill, the Tennessee Titans stadium and Top Golf! We are a mile walk or a short Uber ride to all downtown hotspots including Bridgestone Arena, Ryman Auditorium, Nashville’s famous honky tonk bars and Ascend Amphitheater. Easily Uber/cab ride to any neighborhood in Nashville!

Walk, rent a bike at Nashville B Cycle, drive your own car, or arrange and Uber or Lyft ride!  If you plan to take in sights and sounds outside of a 3-4  mile radius of downtown, we highly recommend driving your own car as public transit is minimal.

We have a 3 night minimum stay on weekends, but no minimum on weekdays. Friday and Saturday nights need to booked under the same reservation as this is our most popular time. There is a 5 night minimum for CMA fest.  Even if you're not able to make it for 3 nights or you need a Saturday check-in, inquire anyway - we might be able to work something out!

The space
Officially permitted short term rental.  Only book your stay if the property is permitted with the City of Nashville! 

Our delightful condo is located on the first floor of a riverfront building with numerous amenities including a pool and workout room, an assigned space with additional free parking on site, and a laundry facility. A welcoming entry way invites you to your home away from home.  The peaceful, inviting master bedroom is equipped with a king Casper bed, walk-in closet, and en suite bathroom. The kitchen comes fully stocked and includes a Keurig coffee machine and all necessary cooking supplies. A dedicated office nook and wifi lets you complete your work with ease.  The relaxing living room includes a 50” LED TV, a chaise sofa that becomes a comfortable queen bed, and plants and lighting designed to make you feel right at home.  

All of our guests will enjoy plush towels, soft linens, and basic toiletries.

A free, dedicated parking space is just 10 feet from the front door!

Guest access
You'll have unlimited access to the condo. Settle in and get comfortable!

Other things to note
We have a 3 night minimum stay on weekends, and holidays but no minimum on weekdays. Friday and Saturday nights need to booked under the same reservation as this is our most popular time. There is a 5 night minimum for CMA fest.  Even if you're not able to make it for 3 nights or you need a Saturday check-in, inquire anyway - we might be able to work something out!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Paige
Host User ID: 5325333
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/5325333
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We're a Nashville family from southern MO and have lived in Nashville for 12 years. On weekends, we frequently go hiking or exploring neighborhoods in Nashville. We love outdoor activities like boating, biking, and skiing. She loves food and he loves to eat so we have a long list of favorite places around town. We frequently travel and think that others should enjoy our condos when traveling themselves!
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
11 years hosting
373 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting