URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/49617841
Latitude: 36.17936
Longitude: -86.80376
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the ultimate blend of luxury and convenience in this stunning downtown retreat! Featuring 4 spacious studios, 10 comfortable beds, a gourmet kitchen, and brand-new smart TVs in every bedroom, huge TV in living rm, this incredible property has everything you need for a relaxing getaway. free covered parking, a private outdoor dining area, and high speed WiFi throughout. Centrally located to all the city's hotspots and only 7 minutes to Broadway! Dogs are allowed on a case by case basis

The space
Our charming property is located in a safe and beautiful neighborhood border of “Historic Buena Vista,” known as one of the nicest and safest neighborhoods of Nashville. This area boasts tree-lined avenues and quaint brick sidewalks, offering a picturesque and peaceful atmosphere. As you explore the district, you'll find historic schools, churches, Nashville Public Library, and a variety of commercial buildings, all adding to the rich character of the community.

The houses in the neighborhood are beautiful, renovated cottages, or new construction in the traditional style of the neighborhood. Occasionally, you may see a house that is in disrepair, but most of those are slated for renewal.

The neighborhood, developed in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, showcases an array of stunning architectural styles, making it a delightful place to stroll and admire. Whether you're here for a relaxing getaway or to enjoy the nearby attractions, our home provides a perfect blend of history, comfort, and charm.

Guest access
You have the entire house and yard to yourself. The backyard is completely fenced with a privacy  fence. The backyard is a very nice, private area.  You have exclusive use of a 2 car carport with garage door.

Other things to note
The house is located only a half-mile walk from the heart of Germantown, one of the hippest villages in Nashville, with the best restaurants, shopping, boutiques, and coffee shops.

The property offers a covered carport for your convenience. Additional parking is available on the street just in front of the house, where finding a space is typically easy.

*Check-in is at 4 PM on Sundays. Please plan accordingly.

The front door features a secure deadbolt for peace of mind. The unit door is equipped with a secure key entry, offering everything you need for a comfortable stay.

Please be advised that maintenance will do routine lawn care (mowing, weed eating, insect treatments, etc.) and may be scheduled at any time during your stay. We will not call and tell you they are coming. They will never need to enter the house.

For your security, we have cameras monitoring the exterior of the property. These are for safety purposes only and do not intrude on your privacy.

Occasionally, packages may be delivered to the property to assist with its maintenance and upkeep. In rare instances, we may kindly ask you to bring a package inside for safekeeping.

Per Nashville Metro Codes.
Each principal renter must be 21 years of age.

Based on your profile, including any negative reviews, we reserve the right to ask for a refundable security deposit, to be paid immediately upon our asking, for an amount of our choosing, in order to protect our property.

No smoking or vaping inside the property. A minimum $1000 cleaning fee will apply for any violation, and repeated or severe violations may result in eviction without refund.

Early/Late Checkout and Early/late bags drop off is available for request upon availability for only $50.

Check-Out Instructions & Property Condition: To help us maintain the high standards our guests expect and to ensure the property is ready for the next arrival, all guests are required to follow the check-out instructions provided prior to departure. These instructions are part of the booking agreement and are designed to assist our cleaning team in preparing the property efficiently between stays.

If the property is left in a condition that requires significantly more time or effort than a standard turnover, such as excessive mess, unusual amounts of trash, or any situation that results in additional cleaning beyond the normal scope, an additional cleaning fee may be charged to cover the extra labor and time required.

Carport / Garage Door:
Please note that the carport has a manual garage door and does not have a motorized garage door opener. Guests will need to manually open and close the door.

We appreciate your cooperation and respect for the property, as it allows us to continue providing a clean, well-maintained space for all guests.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Elite Stay
Host User ID: 11849086
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/11849086
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a Nashville native with 30 years working in management in the hospitality and service industry.  I also happen to love people.

I believe it is always important to treat others as you wish to be treated. I love to travel and I love good food and wine and fun things to do with groups of people, and I have always appreciated those friends who have guided me in the cities and countries where I have visited/lived.  

I have always made it my goal to discover the best food at the best restaurants, but then also discover that "hole in the wall" that has amazing food and a fun atmosphere for a fraction of the cost.  

Born and raised in Nashville, I love my city and I love to share it with others.  
I provide recommendations of the best bars and restaurants and I am always available to answer the phone to help you with whatever you need.
My work: Recreation/Hospitality Industry
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
4783 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting