URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1536988187241791145
Latitude: 36.1683
Longitude: -86.7594
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
UNIT A
A Sanctuary in East Nashville! 
Stay in a one-of-a-kind 1BR condo inside a beautifully restored historic church. This character-rich retreat features high ceilings, a full kitchen, and a Queen bed +Queen Air mattress  (sleeps 4). Located on iconic Shelby Ave, you’re minutes from downtown’s neon lights and East Nashville’s best coffee and eats. Enjoy fast WiFi and easy self-check-in. Strictly No Pets. Experience the soul of Music City!

The space
Welcome to The Sanctuary in East Nashville! 🎻
Elevate your Nashville experience by staying in one of the city's most unique architectural gems. Unit A is a masterfully repurposed condo within a historic church, blending the grandeur of the past with the sleek, modern comforts of today. Located in the heart of East Nashville—the city’s epicenter for creative energy and local flavor—this home is more than just a place to sleep; it’s an experience.

💎 The Church Flat Advantage:

Historic "Sleeper" Character: Enjoy high ceilings and the peaceful vibe of a converted sanctuary, far superior to a generic hotel room.

Walkable Shelby Avenue: You are perfectly positioned to explore the best of East Nashville on foot, from vintage shops to artisan coffee.

Proximity to Broadway: Enjoy a quiet neighborhood sleep while being only a 5-minute Uber ride from the world-famous honky-tonks.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown:

Main Sleeping Nook: 1 Plush Queen Bed (Open-concept layout for maximum light and flow).

Living Room: Queen Air mattress (Ideal for 1-2 extra guests).

Bathroom: 1 Full Bathroom with walk-in shower and luxury starter amenities.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Keyless Smart Lock: No keys to pass around. You’ll receive a personalized code generated for your stay.

Hassle-Free Arrival: Check-in anytime after 4 PM—perfect for late-night flights or staggered group arrivals.

Abundant Parking: Easy, free street parking right along Shelby Avenue.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips: Your Insider 20

Grocery & Essentials: 
1. Kroger (East Nashville): Nearest full-service grocery for all your supplies (1.2 miles).
2. The Good Fill: Zero-waste local shop for sustainable body and home products.

Coffee & Brunch: 
3. Frothy Monkey: A local staple for breakfast and craft coffee.
4. Yeast Nashville: Famous for their authentic Texas-style kolaches.
5. Cafe Roze: Sleek, all-day cafe serving modern American classics.

Iconic Eats: 
6. Five Points Pizza: The gold standard for NY-style slices in Nashville.
7. The Pharmacy Burger: Legendary burgers and a beautiful beer garden.
8. Mas Tacos Por Favor: Incredible tacos in a vibrant, no-frills setting.
9. Lockeland Table: Chef-driven community dining in a historic storefront.

Sips & Nightlife: 
10. The 5 Spot: Iconic venue for live music and "Keep Nashville Weird" vibes.
11. Rosemary & Beauty Queen: A cocktail bar set in a stunning historic house.
12. Dino’s: Nashville's oldest dive bar—perfect for a late-night burger.

Boutiques & Shops: 
13. Fatherland District: A collection of tiny shops featuring local artisans and gifts.
14. Goodbuy Girls: Famous for curated vintage cowboy boots and western wear.
15. Grimey’s New & Preloved Music: The heart of Nashville’s independent record scene.
16. Idea Hatchery: A cluster of boutique start-up shops in Five Points.

Recreation & Landmarks: 
17. Shelby Park & Golf Course: Historic municipal 18-hole course (The first in Nashville!).
18. Two Rivers Golf Course: Nearby 18-hole course with great skyline views.
19. Shelby Bottoms Greenway: Miles of riverfront trails for running or biking.
20. Nissan Stadium: Home of the Titans, just a quick hop across the river.

🐾 Pet Policy:
This property is a strictly pet-free environment to ensure a high standard of cleanliness and comfort for all guests. 🚫🐕

Guest access
Guest access
-You’ll have the entire condo to yourself during your stay.

-We will provide a door code created specifically for your group. You all may come and go as you please, and won't have to worry about sharing/losing a key!

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mike
Host User ID: 152189800
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/152189800
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
5 months hosting