URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1196582420941295633
Latitude: 36.09352
Longitude: -86.71781
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Nashville Poolside Cabin, where nature meets city living! The guest house is an easy 15-minute drive from Nashville Airport, 15 minutes to downtown Nashville, and just 5 minutes to the Nashville Zoo. While offering easy access to main amenities, our home is tucked away in a serene neighborhood with beautiful woodlands. Unwind and recharge in this peaceful retreat after exploring Nashville! The guest house is located on a spacious deck with a 30-foot pool, loungers, and a hot tub.

The space
Our newly remodeled guest house is designed to make you feel right at home during your stay. The guesthouse offers a private entrance and easy keypad self-check-in.  Inside, you’ll find a cozy living room with a TV, a small sleeping nook with a queen-size bed, a full kitchen, a full bathroom, and air conditioning. This 350 sq ft guest house is compact yet comfortable, offering everything two guests need for a relaxing stay.

Enjoy a space that meets all your needs:

•	Sleeping Nook: Tucked into a cozy alcove, the built-in queen bed offers a quiet retreat with blackout curtains, and USB chargers in the frame. The bed is built snugly into a private nook with three walls around it — entry and exit are through the pocket doors at the foot of the bed. This queen bed is the main sleeping space for up to two guests. If separate sleeping arrangements are preferred, the couch can be used, and we’ll provide extra linens upon request.

•	Vibrant living room space with an L-shaped couch, TV, electric fireplace, and full-size mirror. Enjoy Music City vibes with our record player!

•	Kitchen: Fully equipped with a toaster, full-size electric stove and oven, microwave, mini fridge with freezer, and a table with two bar chairs that can also be used as a workspace. As espresso lovers, we added an automatic espresso machine that grinds fresh beans on demand and brews incredible espresso, along with a regular Keurig coffee maker for quick and convenient use. We also provide complimentary water and snacks for guests to enjoy upon arrival. 

•	Bathroom: Stocked with toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, body wash), bath towels, hand towels, bathrobes, and beach towels for lounging by the pool.

Our guest house is located right by the pool, perfect for tanning, swimming, and enjoying the weather. The 30-foot pool is 4 feet deep. After a refreshing swim, unwind in our luxurious 5-person Jacuzzi—or enjoy hopping between the hot tub and the pool.  Please note that the guesthouse is part of our primary residence, and the pool and deck area are shared spaces. The pool and hot tub are available during open hours: 7 AM – 11 PM.

Behind the property, there's a green park and a creek, creating a peaceful oasis atmosphere.

Enjoy the incredibly convenient location: just a 15-minute drive to the airport and Nashville Downtown, with a large grocery store only 5 minutes away. Plus, you'll find fantastic local restaurants nearby, offering authentic Mexican, Egyptian, Turkish, Uzbek, Thai, Chinese, and Indian cuisine. 

Whether you're using Uber, Lyft, or your own vehicle (one parking spot provided), getting around is effortless. 

It’s rare to find a peaceful nature retreat with such quick access to downtown Nashville. Stay with us to enjoy the best of both worlds: the excitement of downtown Nashville and a peaceful oasis with a pool and hot tub.  After exploring Broadway and Nashville’s hotspots, unwind and recharge in a sanctuary surrounded by nature.

We — the hosts — are a young family with a baby and keep the property peaceful and relaxed, so the space is best suited for guests looking for a quiet, cozy, and restful stay.

~ The pool is open for the 2026 season!  ~

———————————————

A Few Quick Notes:

While the guest house is very private, it is part of our primary family residence. Both the guest house and main house are located on the same deck, so you may occasionally see us in the common areas. 
For everyone’s safety and transparency, exterior security cameras are installed on the property, including one at the driveway, one at the backyard entrance, and one overlooking the shared outdoor deck area with the pool.

Only guests included in the Airbnb booking (maximum of two) are permitted on the property. This also means the pool is exclusively for the use of booked guests. We do not allow any additional visitors or guests beyond those listed in the reservation. Thank you for respecting this policy.

For safety reasons, we’re unable to host children under 18 and do not allow pets. Additionally, the suite is not ADA accessible due to multiple steps leading up to the deck and the built-in bed design.

Guest access
You’re welcome to come and go as you please during your stay. We’ll send detailed check-in and parking instructions the day before—or early on the day of—your arrival. 

The guest house is a private space with its own keypad entrance. 

Please note: the entrance is accessible only by a full flight of stairs and may be challenging for guests with mobility issues.

Other things to note
No parties/gatherings are allowed.

Our property is smoke-free. 

We warmly invite you to enjoy the pool between 7 AM and 11 PM. For safety reasons, we kindly ask that you refrain from swimming after 11 PM.

Registration Details
2024061754

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dakota
Host User ID: 588439977
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/588439977
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Meet Dakota and Julia! We're a couple who fell in love with Nashville and can’t wait to share our passion for this city with you. We’re excited to host you and make your stay as delightful as possible!
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a few hours
Superhost
2 years hosting
84 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting