URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1323181152414599623
Latitude: 36.20652
Longitude: -86.78709
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Cloverleaf takes design & function to the next level of vacation rental stays. Featuring your favorite Nashville Hotspots throughout the home, you will feel like you’re on Broadway from the moment you arrive!

Stay Highlights:

* Your own Irish Pub!
* Karaoke Stage
* Stunning Rooftop overlooking the Nashville Skyline
* Hot Tub
* Beer Pong Table
* Corn Hole
* 11 Beds (7 x Queens, 1 x King, 3 x Twin Roll-away)
* 4 Bedrooms / 4 Bathrooms
* 5 mins from Downtown
* 15 mins from Airport
* Smart TVs

The space
Here’s a detailed description of what to expect while staying at The Clover Leaf:

The Location -

Approximately 5 mins from Downtown Nashville, getting around is super simple. Ride share options such as Uber / Lyft are readily available day and night. Other frequently visited tourist spots within 5-10 mins include Top Golf, The Ryman Auditorium, Nissan Stadium (TN Titans), Bridgestone Arena (Nashville Predators), The Ascend Amphitheater and many more.

15 mins or so will get you to and from the airport, Geodis Park (Nashville SC), The Opryland Hotel (Christmas Lights) and lots of other desirable places to visit.

The Ground Floor -

This level introduces you to the 1st of 4 large en-suite bedrooms.

Bedroom #1 (Modeled after Acme Feed & Seed). Two custom Queen beds in bunk formation. An additional roll-away Twin bed. A walk-in closet and en-suite bathroom. (Sleeps up to 5 people on 3 beds).

The Clover Leaf Pub. This converted 2 car garage is now an authentic Irish Pub for your enjoyment. It features a full-size bar with drinks fridge and bar stools, A Karaoke Stage, Guitar, Darts Board, High top, Comfy seating, Electric Fireplace, Flat Screen Smart TV and so much authentic design that you won’t believe you’re not actually in Ireland!

Main Level - 

Bedroom #2 (Modeled after Whiskey Bent Saloon). Two custom Queen beds set up as bunks. A walk-in closet that is also designed as a make up station to prepare for your nights out! En-suite bathroom with tub/shower combo. (Sleeps up to 4 on 2 beds).

Kitchen. Fully equipped with everything you’d need for you stay. The huge island features 4 bar stools for gathering around and it even has an incredible coffee bar with Keurig machine & secondary sink.

Living room. This space flows seamlessly from the kitchen. Your eyes are drawn immediately to the stunning mural on the wall, the mounted guitars,  the warm colors and comfortable furnishings. The large Smart TV can be enjoyed from the sectional couch which converts to a Queen size bed if an additional bed is needed during your stay. (Sleeps up to 2 people on 1 bed).

The Balcony. This space is accessed from the living room and is the perfect place to enjoy a morning cup of coffee. Seating for 2.

The Upstairs -

Bedroom #3 (Modeled after Nudies Honky Tonk). 1 large custom King bed plus an additional Twin roll-away bed. This en-suite bedroom features a spacious bathroom with large walk-in shower. The closet in this room is also designed as a multi-functional space providing plenty of clothing storage and an additional make-up station to prep for your nights out. The room also includes a smart TV. (Sleeps up to 3 people on 2 beds).

The Laundry. A stackable washer and dryer enables you to clean off those stains or refresh your towels during your stay.

Bedroom #4 (Modeled after Tootsies Orchid Lounge). Two custom Queen beds set as bunks and an additional Twin roll-away bed. The walk-in closet doubles as another make-up station and this room is also en-suite like the other bedrooms. (Sleeps up to 5 people on 3 beds).

The Rooftop - 

Welcome to one of the finest outdoor spaces in Nashville. You immediately feel the tropical vibes as you step out into the fresh air, from the colorful striped walls and ambient lighting, to the palm tree and turf grass greenery, you can imagine it’s 5 o’clock somewhere with ease!

The view of the Nashville skyline is incredible and can be enjoyed from countless hangout spots. Choose between the bar top area with 6 bar stools, the comfy outdoor couches that encompass the gas fire pit, or why not grab a towel and hop into the 6 person Hot Tub!

There are gaming options aplenty, so pull out the giant connect 4, set up the corn hole boards or even enjoy a game of beer pong while you make lasting memories with friends. All we ask is that you please return these games to the storage shed when you are not using them as this will prolong the life-span of the equipment by keeping them away from mother nature’s elements!

Parking -

The community has a limited number of complimentary parking spaces which are all on a first come basis so despite being free to use, there isn’t a guarantee there will be one available when you pull in. 18 spots exist for the 18 unit community. The safest bet when visiting Nashville is to utilize ride-share such as Lyft / Uber as it is super easy to get in and around town and you can avoid the downtown expensive parking lots that tend to run $30+ to use.

I hope this detailed description covers any questions you may have, but if you think of anything more, simply message us and our team will get back to you with the answer.

We hope you choose to stay with us and if so, we’ll see you soon!

All the best,

Jonny and Team.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonny
Host User ID: 24007959
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24007959
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
British immigrant!
Realtor in Nashville since 2005.
Love Sports, Outdoors, Family & Friends
Christian
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5853 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting