URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1523418221388119628
Latitude: 36.172715422925016
Longitude: -86.79126300115706
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 12
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welome to Soundcheck & Vinyl House by AvantStay! 

- 8 bedrooms, 7 baths, sleeps 24 guests
- Game rooms w/ poker, shuffleboard, darts & putting green
- Multiple living rooms w/ big-screen TVs & sleeper sofas
- Skyline-view balconies for whiskey & late-night hangs
- Full kitchens for pregame bites & cocktails
- Murals, vanity stations & steps to Broadway honky-tonks

The space
Welcome to Soundcheck & Vinyl House by AvantStay! These two homes are right across the street from each other, with a combined total of 8 bedrooms, sleeping 24 guests total —designed for bachelor parties, birthday trips, and groups who want to keep the Nashville energy going from day to night.

Each home is packed with entertainment—from game rooms with poker, darts, and shuffleboard to private balconies with skyline views for whiskey pours, or that first celebratory round before hitting Broadway. With multiple living rooms, big-screen TVs, and sleeper sofas, everyone has space to spread out (or crash after a late night).

Both kitchens come fully stocked and ready for anything from a home-cooked breakfast to cocktail mixing before the night out, while bold Nashville-inspired murals and art keep the vibe local and fun. Dedicated vanity stations make getting ready as seamless as the night is long.

When it’s time to hit the town, you’re steps from Broadway’s honky-tonks, rooftop bars, and music venues. The Gulch, Country Music Hall of Fame, and Johnny Cash Museum are minutes away—so the only question is how many stops you can fit in.

Whether you’re planning a big bachelor weekend, celebrating with friends, or just chasing the Nashville nightlife, Conway C203 & C207 give your crew the ultimate downtown crash pads.

Unit 1 – Soudcheck
This 4BR home features two lounges with oversized TVs, a game room with shuffleboard, darts, and poker, plus a balcony with skyline views. A modern kitchen, dining table, and Nashville-inspired art set the stage for pre-game hangs, while sleek bathrooms and a bunk room make late-night banter part of the fun.

Unit 2 – Vinyl House
This 4BR home also boasts two living rooms with large TVs, a sleeper sofa, and game setups including a poker table, blackjack, darts, and even a putting green. The bold mural backdrop and balcony with lounge seating give the perfect setting for group dinners, drinks, or downtime.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Conway is located in Germantown, just a quick 5-minute Uber from all the excitement on Broadway and a 10-minute ride to Nissan Stadium. Explore local coffee shops, breweries, The Tennessee State Museum, and Bicentennial Park. Don’t forget to check out the Nashville Farmers Market!

Vibrant nightlife, country music, and an over-the-top culinary scene? It's true and it's no wonder people rave about "Nashvegas" as a top spot for simply having a good time. Bar hop down Broadway Street to dance to live music at multi-level bars serving up BBQ, or do like the vintage-clad locals do and lay back in East Nashville. You might pass party bikes on your drive-in, so make sure to cheer them on because having fun is part of the culture in Music City!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay Style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Please note that this unit has three flights of stairs and there are steps leading up to the common door.
- You are staying in an actively growing neighborhood and construction in the vicinity is likely.
- Please note our occupancy includes an additional two beyond bed count. Trifold floor mattresses and additional linens can be provided upon request.

Parking Details:
- Parking is limited and available on a first-come, first-served basis. Parking can be found along the street, as well as the parking lot in the interior of the building.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620313552

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6903 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting