URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1486400033917691348
Latitude: 36.2033
Longitude: -86.7422
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 9
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Nashville's Pink Honky-Tonk is an all-pink-themed home with a private karaoke stage, neon-lit bar, dance floor, and life-size Barbie box photo op. Features chandeliers, a pink phone booth, and makeup vanities throughout. Just a 10-minute drive to Broadway and Ryman Auditorium in East Nashville. Built for bachelorette parties, birthday celebrations, and girls' trips wanting a photo-ready Nashville base.

The space
The Pink House – Nashville’s Most IG-Worthy Girls’ Trip Paradise

Ladies, dust off those cowboy boots, pack your fiercest outfits, and clear serious space on your camera roll—because The Pink Honky-Tonk isn’t just a stay… It’s a full-blown pink fantasy.

We’re talking 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, 3 floors of unapologetic girly glam, and more blush tones than Barbie’s entire closet. Designed for ladies’ trips, bachelorette blowouts, and birthday queen bashes, this palace is your private Nashville playground—just 10 minutes from Broadway, so you can go from karaoke in the kitchen to dancing downtown before your lipstick even dries.

💋 First Floor – Barbie Called, She Wants Her Dreamhouse Back
✨ King Bed Fit for a Queen – with buttery-soft linens so you wake up looking like you slept through a rom-com montage.
✨ Life-Size Barbie Box – strike your pose and watch your IG blow up.
✨ Private Bathroom + TV – glam in peace or binge your fave guilty pleasure show between outfit changes.

💋 Second Floor – The Glittery Heart of the Party
✨ Custom Karaoke Stage – mic in hand, disco lights spinning, your Broadway debut starts here.
✨ Dance Floor – perfect for practicing TikTok choreo before you hit the bars.
✨ Fully Stocked Pink Kitchen – mugs, glasses, champagne flutes, coffee maker—basically all the drinkware for whatever you BYOB. You bring the bubbly, tequila, or sweet tea—we’ve got the cups and the vibes.
✨ Pink Phone Booth – because your camera roll deserves iconic.

Also on this floor:
✨ Bedroom 2 – The Glam Room – king bed + makeup vanity straight out of a makeover montage.
✨ Bathroom 2 – ideal for mid-party lipstick checks.
✨ Sofa bed

💋 Third Floor – The Pink Penthouse Suite Life
✨ Bedroom 3 – king bed basking under four pink chandeliers (because one is never enough).
✨ Bedroom 4 – fur-covered bed, massive vanity, and bestie seating area—pregame just turned into a fashion show.
✨ Laundry Room – for when the honky-tonk spirit gets really committed.

🚗 Parking – Keep It Cute & Ticket-Free
Our garage fits two standard-sized cars—think “city chic,” not “monster truck rally.” Parking directly in front of the garage? Big no-no unless you’re into boots (the metal kind) and fines—both on you. Extra wheels or oversized rides? No stress. Paid lots like SP+ Parking (4 mins) and Premium Parking – P3708 (5 mins) have you covered.

🎀 Your Nashville Adventure Starts Here... You’re in the heart of Music City’s sparkle and sass, with must-see sights, must-eat bites, and unforgettable experiences at your doorstep. Whether you’re boot scootin’ down Broadway or sipping bubbly in your Barbie-pink hideaway, The Pink Honky-Tonk is your ticket to a trip so fabulous that it deserves its own hashtag.

💅🎸 Let’s make honky-tonk memories—in heels, of course.

Guest access
The entire Pink Honky-Tonk is yours, doll—so kick off those boots, crank up the glam, and bask in pure comfort, style, and sparkle. 💖✨ Your own private, pink paradise awaits—where every corner is made for memories, selfies, and a little bit of sass.

Other things to note
We’re thrilled you’re here at our Barbie-meets-honky-tonk hideaway — just minutes from Broadway! Whether it’s a bachelorette blowout, a fabulous girls’ getaway, or a weekend to live your best pink life, we want your stay to be nothing short of iconic. To keep the magic sparkling for everyone, please follow our house rules: 

💃 Age Requirement: All guests must be 21+ for safety reasons (sorry, littles — this is a grown-up glitter zone).
🤠 Be a Good Neighbor: Keep the party inside and the vibes high—no loud outdoor noise, y’all.
🚭 No Smoking Indoors: You can puff on the porch, but keep the pink palace smoke-free.
💎 Treat It Like Your Dream Home: Our space is packed with Insta-worthy décor and fabulous details — please enjoy it with care.
🕓 Check-in & Check-out: Check-in after 4 PM, check-out by 10 AM.

Need anything during your stay? Just holler — we’re here to make your Nashville adventure unforgettable. Now go out there, shine bright, and paint the town all shades of pink! 💅🎶👢

Holiday Check-In Policy 
Please note that check-ins and check-outs are not permitted on major U.S. holidays, including New Year’s Eve, New Year’s Day, Easter Sunday, Memorial Day, Independence Day (July 4th), Labor Day, Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve, and Christmas Day.

You’re welcome to book stays that include these dates — we just ask that arrival and departure days are scheduled outside of them. Thanks for understanding! ❤️

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Christopher R
Host User ID: 126483533
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/126483533
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English
Lives in Los Angeles, California
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
470 reviews
4.68 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting