URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1630166235533645590
Latitude: 36.1392
Longitude: -86.8138
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 15
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your beautiful oasis in the heart of Nashville, the Music City! An incredible new luxury home (3300 sq ft) that is adjacent to Vanderbilt University/VUMC, just minutes away from the attractions of downtown! When you step inside, the bright and open living spaces greet you with tasteful design. After a day of adventures, unwind in the spacious living areas or dine on the private Rooftop Patio to soak in the spectacular Nashville skyline. Enjoy the stunning city views! Sleeps 15-16.

The space
With multiple living areas and patios, everyone in your group will have plenty of space to relax in this 3300+ sq ft home.  The open concept living and kitchen/dining area is perfect for large groups or a business executive who needs a quiet place to relax. Whether you’re unwinding in the spacious living areas or getting ready for a night out, this phenomenal home offers a perfect blend of comfort and convenience. The best part of this home is its location, adjacent to Vanderbilt in a safe and quiet neighborhood, away from the noise and chaos of downtown yet only a few minutes' drive from all the downtown attractions. Enjoy all that Nashville has to offer when you stay at this oasis in the city! Sleeps 15-16 comfortably, and 5 full baths plus 1 half bath means no waiting in line, making it easy for everyone to refresh comfortably. 

BEDROOM LAYOUT:
★1st floor--1 BR with queen bed, sleeps 2
★2nd floor--3 BRs, (2 with queen beds, 1 with king bed) --sleeps 6+
★3rd floor--1 daybed (sleeps 1)
plus 3 sofa beds (sleeps 6 total), plus 1 twin size floor mattress (sleeps 1)
★pack and play available upon request
★Each bedroom is filled with natural light yet has black out curtains as well as an attached bathroom for privacy. 

SHARED SPACE LAYOUT:
★1st floor--living room, kitchen, dining area, small outdoor patio, half bath
★booster chair available; highchair is available upon request
★2nd floor--laundry room, landing with floor length mirror
★3rd floor--large media room with 75 inch Smart TV, a play area with huge sectional and sofas,  and a game room with a table set, microwave, refrigerator, sofa, an outdoor covered patio, and a full bathroom
★4th floor-- rooftop patio that is completely private (no risk of interacting with nosy neighbors/strangers) 

Dine on the Rooftop Patio and soak in the spectacular view of Downtown Nashville. You will have an unobstructed view of the beautiful Nashville skyline! This home is a new construction finished in 2026, with all new furniture and decor, so book today to be one of the first to enjoy its amazing features!

FEATURES:
★Modern 4 story spacious home with incredible rooftop view of Downtown Nashville
★4 bedrooms with hybrid memory foam mattresses (great support for a restful night's sleep) and luxury linens 
★4 Luxury en-suite bathrooms, as well as another full bath and half bath in the home. All bathrooms are provided with quality toiletries that are complimentary 
★Each bedroom has a Smart TV. Free Wifi and Hulu included.
★Fully stocked Gourmet Kitchen with high-end appliances and cookware--blender, waffle maker, and more!
★Complimentary coffee and tea, creamers, and sweeteners, and light snacks provided

★Spacious Media Room with huge sectional and ottomans (can sleep 2) and 75" big screen TV
★Enjoy THOUSANDS of classic Arcade games on the big screen TV; Wifi controllers included
★Play area has a pull out sofa bed (can sleep 2) and twin side daybed (can sleep 1)
★Large Game/Flex Room for socializing and entertainment (queen-size sofa bed can sleep 2)

★ Located only minutes to Downtown but also in a safe and quiet neighborhood away from the downtown noise/chaos
★ Located right next to Vanderbilt University/VUMC, and is the ideal location for attending a football game, professional conferences, graduation, or gatherings of family/friends, a couples' retreat, or an executive getaway/retreat
★Amazing view of the July 4th or New Year's fireworks!

LOCATION:
★ adjacent to Vanderbilt University/VUMC campus, very convenient
★ 0.5 miles (9 minute walk) from FirstBank Stadium (Vanderbilt Football Stadium) 
★ 1.1 miles (3 minute drive) from Belmont University

★ 0.6 miles (3 minute drive, 12 minute walk) from Centennial Park/The Parthenon
★ 0.8 miles (3 minute drive, 18 minute walk) from The Pancake Pantry
★ 1 minute drive (10 minute walk) from Fannie Mae Dee Park
★ 1 minute drive (10 minute walk) from Ruby (Event Venue)

★ 1.2 miles (4 minute drive) from Kroger
★ 2.2 miles (7 minute drive) from McCabe Golf Course
★ 2.7 miles (8 minute drive) from Honky Tonk Central, and attractions in Downtown Nashville
★ 2.8 miles from Ryman Auditorium and Bridgestone Arena
★ 2.9 miles from Country Music Hall of Fame
★ 2.9 miles (8 minute drive) from Music City Center (Nashville Convention Center)
★ 2.9 miles (8 minute drive) from Green Hills Mall
★ 4.6 miles (12 minute drive) from Nissan Stadium (home of the Tennessee Titans)

★ 4.8 miles (10 minute drive) from Hillwood Country Club and Belle Meade Country Club
★ 8.8 miles (12 minute drive) from Nashville International Airport
★ 13.5 miles (19 minute drive) from Opry Mills Mall and the Grand Ole Opry
★ 15 miles (19 minute drive) from Tanger Outlet Mall

Guest access
The entire duplex unit is for guests to use, other than 3 manager's closets which are locked. 3300 sq ft of living space!

Other things to note
CHECK-IN: 4PM & CHECK-OUT 11 AM:
We may be able to provide an early check-in or a late check-out only if our schedule allows and hosts pre-approve in advance. We can not accept any requests made within 2 days of your trip or during your stay because our cleaners are scheduled in advance and their schedules can not be changed last minute. Please pre-arrange in advance.

GUESTS WILL NEED TO USE STAIRS:
This 3 story home plus a rooftop patio has multiple stairs. Guests will need to use stairs during their stay. We are happy to host children, but it's important to note that our home is not childproofed and has multiple stairs. Please supervise children at all times.

PARKING:
There are 2 designated parking spots available next to the entrance of the home and also free street parking adjacent to the property.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 132232583
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/132232583
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 months hosting
10 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting