URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1105229516684716062
Latitude: 36.1515
Longitude: -86.7782
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in a spotless condo in the heart of Music City, just mins from Nashville’s hottest spots. Whether you’re hitting Broadway or kicking back, enjoy luxury amenities like a pool with cabanas, a full gym, & more! It’s the perfect place to relax, recharge, and make memories.

★ 0.8 miles to Downtown Broadway; Honky Tonk central 
★ 12 -minute Uber ride to BNA airport
★ In the heart of Nashville; located just minutes from Downtown, The Gulch, & 12 South

Stay in Nashville, TN w/ Ready Set Vaca!

The space
★ About the Space ★
• 2 bathrooms
• 3 spacious bedrooms (2 California king + 2 queen beds)
• Alexa Music System
• Blackout curtains in bedrooms & living room
• Coffee station & starter supply of K-Cups
• Courtyard hangout area with fire pits
• Free parking garage (first come, first served; limited to 1 vehicle per party)
• EV charging available in garage (first come first serve)
• Gas grill & outdoor ping-pong table
• Gym (Peloton, rowing machine & more!)
• On-site security
• Outdoor pool with sunbathing deck & cabanas
• Pool towels provided
• Shampoo, conditioner, body wash, makeup towels, shower caps, blow dryer & more bathroom essentials
• Smart TV (located in the living room, 75”)
• Steamer for clothing
• Washer & dryer inside condo
• Work/community/hangout lounge
• XL balcony with comfy seating & views toward city

Here Are a Few Special Words From Our Previous Guests...

"Was great, easy to communicate with. Coordinated an early check in. We were there for one night and it was perfect for what we needed!" - Past Guest, 2025

"Great host, everything was exactly as described. The apartment was very clean and comfortable. Close to Broadway street. Highly recommend!" - Past Guest, 2025

" This is an amazing property. Aesthetically speaking, it’s top tier. It’s luxurious, stylish, and modern. It was perfect. The location was conveniently close to everything." - Past Guest, 2024

★ PROPERTY BASICS ★
Welcome to Ready Set Vaca Properties;  Nashville, Tennessee! This new condo is a total of 1,250 square feet with plenty of space for you and a group of 8!

★ BEDROOMS + BATHROOMS ★
Every bedroom is thoughtfully designed with your comfort as our top priority. You’ll be welcomed by crisp, fresh white linens that feel like sleeping on a cloud, creating a clean and luxurious feel. The property features two king bedrooms and one room with two queen beds, offering plenty of space and a restful night’s sleep for all guests. Each room has its own unique touch, capturing the vibrant essence of Nashville, TN!

Each bathroom is fully stocked with everything you need for a comfortable stay, including shampoo, conditioner, body wash, plush towels, washcloths, paper products, shower caps, a blow dryer, & more. We've taken care of every detail, so you can relax and enjoy a true vacation!

★ KITCHEN & DINING ★
The property features full kitchen, equipped with sleek stainless steel appliances and all the essentials to prepare anything from a gourmet meal to a pre-downtown cocktail. You'll find a starter pack of coffee pods with a dual coffee maker. There is a blender, toaster, & more! 

The custom-made dining table, crafted by a local Nashville artisan, seats up to 6 guests, with additional seating for 4 at the countertop. The open-concept design creates the ideal space for gathering, flowing effortlessly into the living area.

★ LIVING SPACE ★
The living room features sliding glass doors that open to the patio, perfectly set up to enjoy views of Nashville. Inside sits a couch, coffee table, and side tables that bring a welcoming, home-like feel to the space, along with cozy blankets and decorative pillows. Whether you're settling in to stream your favorite show or setting the mood with some tunes, our smart TV has you covered to keep the vibes just right!

★ OUTSIDE SPACE ★
Step out onto the deck from the condo and take in the city views. With plenty of space for the whole group, the outdoor area is furnished with a dining set and lounge chairs — perfect for gathering. 

Just down the hall from the unit, enjoy a dip in the communal  pool, complete with a sunbathing ledge and private cabanas. Note that pool season is March 1-Oct 31. For a more laid-back vibe, unwind in the peaceful courtyard, complete with fire pits, or grill up a meal in the shared outdoor kitchen.

★ COMMON SPACES ★
Just down the hall on the second level, enjoy a shared lounge with comfy couches and a vending machine—perfect for work or relaxation. Off the lounge, you’ll find a fully equipped gym with a Peloton, rowing machine, kettlebells, and more.

★ Local Partnership Preview ★
1. Music City Weekend Co. – Pre-arrival grocery delivery, fridge stocking, baby gear, games, wellness amenities, and more. Everything is delivered and set up before you arrive.
2. Iris Nashville – Enjoy 20% off piercings, permanent jewelry, and custom tattoos.
3. Rooftop Pickleball – Save 15% at one of Nashville’s coolest rooftop venues featuring pickleball, skyline views, food, drinks, and games.
4. Southern Marinas – Receive 10–20% off boat rentals for the perfect day on the water.
5. STK Steakhouse – Enjoy 20% off at this popular steakhouse located in The Gulch.

**Book to see more partnerships we offer**

AMAZING LOCATION TO HOT SPOTS:
★ Broadway/Famous Strip - 0.8mi 
★ Music City Convention Center - 7 min walk
★ The Gulch - 5 min walk
★ Bridgestone Arena - 0.7mi
★ Nissan Stadium - 15 min walk

Book your stay with us at Ready Set Vaca for a guaranteed good time!  STR -2024022156

Guest access
★  Access: The building uses Latch Smart Locks for added security and easy access. Check-in begins at 4 PM — you cannot enter the building or parking garage before this time. Early check-in may be available for an additional fee; please ask us in advance.

★  You’ll receive access codes to use throughout your stay. We recommend screenshotting your codes so you have them handy at all times. We use the manual code entry method—no app is required. Your codes will be sent to you prior to check-in along with these instructions.

Other things to note
★ POOL: The pool and pool deck are open seasonally from March 1st - October 31st.

★ CONCIERGE SERVICE: Luggage storage is available on-site daily from 9:30 AM–5:30 PM. If you’d like to use this service, let us know so we can arrange lobby access outside your reservation times. Requests must be made before your trip—no last-minute arrangements. For storage outside these hours, we can recommend local off-site options. Cleaners cannot hold luggage inside the condo.

★ PARKING: One vehicle per party may park for free in the north-facing garage on the upper level (left side when facing the building). Parking is first-come, first-served, and the reserved spaces in either garage are strictly off-limits; violators will be towed. Additional vehicles in the party can park in the upper-level garage on the right (facing the building) for a daily fee; scan the QR code in the elevator for 50% off the daily rate.

★ DOOR CODES: Being comfortable with self check-in is important for our guests. The building uses Latch Smartlocks, and you’ll manually enter a provided code (sent 24 hours before check-in) at various access points. We provide step-by-step resources if you need guidance with how to use the lock.

★ This brand-new building is in the heart of a growing city, featuring soundproof doors, windows, and insulation. However, like most downtown locations, you may still hear sounds such as other guests, sirens, trains, music, or construction. We provide high-quality sleep. If you’re especially sensitive to noise, you may prefer accommodations farther from downtown.

★ Additional rental agreement details will be requested after booking to help ensure a smooth and seamless stay. Please keep an eye on your messages/inbox for any follow-up information.

★ Just a friendly reminder: We ask all guests to treat our property with the same care and respect as they would their own home. This is a family-owned property, and we truly appreciate your help in keeping it well cared for.

★ We also have four other beautiful properties in different locations! If you’re planning your next getaway, feel free to reach out - we’d love to host you and your crew again.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Peyton
Host User ID: 712145822
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/712145822
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Peyton! I’m all about good energy, great stays, and quality time with my besties while traveling. When I’m not hosting, you’ll find me working out, diving into all things health + wellness, or planning my next adventure. I love creating spaces that feel fresh, fun, and effortless for guests. Coast to coast, Ready Set Vaca is ready to host!
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: CSU Stanislaus
1 year hosting