URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/708671528167167653
Latitude: 36.145
Longitude: -86.7859
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 16
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Best location in town with a Huge rooftop deck and amazing skyline views! Four bedrooms with fourteen individual beds.  Located in the Gulch, located just a few minutes from the heart of Broadway and central to anywhere you'd want to visit the city of Nashville!

Best location in town with a Huge rooftop deck and amazing skyline views! Four bedrooms with fourteen individual beds.  Located in the Gulch, located just a few minutes from the heart of Broadway and central to anywhere you'd want to vi

The space
Experience the best location in town with a huge rooftop deck and amazing skyline views! This spacious property features four bedrooms with fourteen individual beds, making it perfect for large groups or families. Nestled in the vibrant Gulch neighborhood, you are just a few minutes away from the heart of Broadway and centrally located to explore all that Nashville has to offer.

The property boasts an inviting atmosphere and modern amenities, ensuring a comfortable stay. Enjoy the stunning views from the rooftop deck, ideal for relaxing or entertaining. With its prime location, you can easily access local attractions, dining, and nightlife.

Comfortable Accommodation:
- Four spacious bedrooms
- Fourteen individual beds
- Ideal for large groups or families

Interior Feeling:
- Modern decor throughout
- Open and airy living spaces
- Cozy atmosphere for relaxation

Outdoor Bliss:
- Huge rooftop deck
- Amazing skyline views
- Perfect for gatherings or quiet evenings

Delightful Dining:
- Fully equipped kitchen
- Dining area for group meals
- Close to various dining options in the Gulch

Professional Cleaning:
- Immaculate cleanliness ensured
- Regularly maintained for guest comfort

You will love the convenience and charm of this property, making it a perfect choice for your Nashville getaway.

 This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Hope you enjoy your stay in Nashville!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19408 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting