URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1126769182600361715
Latitude: 36.1466
Longitude: -86.8168
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Nestled in a prime location, this condo offers easy access to Nashville’s top attractions. Just a short walk from Vanderbilt University and its football stadium, you’ll be perfectly situated to explore the city’s vibrant energy. With an abundance of restaurants within a 10-minute stroll, you’ll dive right into Nashville’s mouthwatering culinary scene! Whether you're in town for a celebration, a game, or simply to explore, you’ll love the convenience of being centrally located.

STRP.2023091637

The space
The Space 🏡
This condo is a perfect blend of modern design and Nashville charm. With two bedrooms and two bathrooms, plus a balcony off the living room, it’s the ideal spot to enjoy your morning coffee ☕ or watch the Nashville sunset 🌅 over Centennial Park. The open floor plan creates a seamless flow from room to room, while the in-unit washer and dryer, smart TVs, and fully stocked kitchen add extra convenience for a comfortable stay.

The primary bedroom features a king-size bed 🛏️, a large walk-in closet, and an en-suite bathroom with a walk-in shower and oversized vanity. The second bedroom offers Queen Size Bunk Bed with a Twin Top.

Here are a few more highlights we think you’ll love:
✨ Pool on the main floor!
✨ State-of-the-art on-site fitness center designed by D1 athletes
✨ Easy access to all the city’s popular attractions
✨ Free parking on-site (first come, first serve) 🚗
✨ Fully equipped kitchen 🍴
✨ Smart TVs in every room 📺
✨ Artfully detailed decor from floor to ceiling 🎨

Sleeping arrangements (up to 6 guests):

Primary Suite – King Bed w/ En-suite bathroom

2nd Bedroom – Bunk Beds: Queen size bottom, Twin top, plus bathroom

Living Room – Queen Sleeper Sofa with upgraded mattress and access to 2nd bathroom

Walk-Range 🚶‍♂️🚶‍♀️

Centennial Park – 3 minutes 🌳

The Parthenon – 5 minutes 🏛️

Taylor Swift Bench – 7 minutes 🎶

Vanderbilt University – 12 minutes 🎓

Vanderbilt Football Stadium – 10 minutes 🏈

Bellagio Pizza & Subs – 5 minutes 🍕

Bricktop’s Restaurant – 5 minutes 🍽️

Starbucks – 7 minutes ☕

Central Bar and Kitchen – 7 minutes 🍔

Newk's Eatery – 7 minutes 🥗

J. Alexanders – 8 minutes 🍷

French Shop Boutique – 10 minutes 🛍️

Drive Times 🚗

Broadway – 5 minutes 🎤

Music Row – 8 minutes 🎸

Belmont University – 6 minutes 🎓

Bridgestone Arena – 5 minutes 🏟️

Johnny Cash Museum – 7 minutes 🎶

Country Music Hall of Fame – 7 minutes 🎼

Nissan Stadium – 10 minutes 🏟️

The Gulch – 10 minutes 🍾

12 South – 10 minutes 🛍️

McCabe Golf Course – 7 minutes ⛳

Geodis Park – 10 minutes ⚽

Whether you want to turn it up 🔥 or wind it down 🌙, Nashville has it all. With its rich musical history, creative culture, and award-winning food 🍴, it’s the perfect setting for unforgettable days or nights out with your favorite people. Indulge in Jeni’s Ice Cream 🍦, catch a live show 🎶, or stroll down neon-lit Broadway after dark 🌃, then return to your luxury condo for some much-needed relaxation.

Your Nashville adventure awaits — we can’t wait to host you! 🎉

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1918 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting