URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1152262701843255011
Latitude: 36.1967
Longitude: -86.7823
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 6
beds: 17
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the MusicRowRental on the Cumberland! A newly built and designed six townhome complex in the heart of Nashville! Just a short ride to all the Nashville has to offer!

Spend your vacation in style at Jonny Cash and the Taylor Swift Nashville airbnb - 2 luxury homes right next to each other! Spread out across 6b6b, 2 full sized chef kitchens, & a stunning outdoor patio space with pool table, karaoke, shared hot tub, BBQ grills, yard games and more! Need more than two units? Just msg me!

The space
Spend your vacation in Nashvile in style at the Jonny Cash and the Taylor Swift houses - 2 luxury homes right next to each other! Price you saw is for two units! Spend out across 6b6b, 2 full sized chef kitchens, & a stunning outdoor patio space with pool table, karaoke, shared hot tub, BBQ grills, yard games and more! If you need more than 2 units just MSG me!

All the fun that music city has to offer is just a quick uber ride away!
- Broadway (11min - 3.9mi)
- The Gulch (13 min)
-Germantown (8 min)
-Nissan Stadium (6 min -2.3mi)

The space
These side by side homes can sleep up to 24 people! Below is the bed count:

The Johnny Cash House
There are three levels with 15-20 stairs between each level

Level 1
BR 1 -2 full beds
Front door and garage entry with pool table (the pool table is damaged a little bit but totally functions) and karaoke

Level2
Kitchen, living room with sleep sofa and queen murphy bed
Full bathroom accessible from main living spcae

Level 3
BR 2 - Queen bed w private attached full bath and private balcomy
BR 3 - One Queen bed and two full beds, w ensuite master bath and private balcony
Waher/Dryer Closet

The Talor Swift House
There are three levels with 15-20 stairs between each level

Level 1
BR 1 - one full bed and bunk bed with three twins 

Level2
Kitchen, living room with sleep sofa and karaoke
Full bathroom accessible from main living spcae

Level 3
BR 2 - Queen bed w private attached full bath and private balcomy, En Suite Bathroom
BR 3 - Queen bed, full over full bunks, w ensuite master bath and private balcony
Waher/Dryer Closet, En Suite Bathroom

Jonny Cash has garage with room for 1 vehicle
Taylor swift has garage with room for 2 vehicles
Both units have 2 car drive way parking as well

Guest access
We welcome your pups but require a $250 pet fee. We just ask that you try to keep them off of all furniture. Excess hair and fur on the furniture requires additional cleaning from our cleaning staff and will result in additional charges. Pets must be leashed in the shared backyard for the safety of other guests.

Other things to note
1. The courtyard is shared between the 6 units in the complex and first come first serve. This means all amenities there are shared as well! this includes:
-Hot Tub
-BBQ Grills
-Yard Games
-Outdoor Furniture

Charcoal for the grills is not provided.

2. We have outdoor security camera installed on the garage and inside shared backyard

3. Like most of the 3-4br newly built townhomes in Nashville. There are three levels in the house with 15-20 stairs between each level. There is one bedroom on first floor and no bathroom on the first floor

4. Our check in time is 3pm and check out time is 10am. We charge $50 for early check in and $50 for late check out. Early check in time need to be agreed upon and money request need to be accepted at least 24 hours ahead of check in time to schedule cleaning accordingly.

5. Since our listing is for up to 12 people only. We provide 2-3 body towels and two washcloths per bed and one hand towel per bathroom. If these are not enough we have laundry machine on site and provide detergent. We don't provide service to deliver extra towels in the middle of your stay.

6. Our cancellation policy is strictly enforced, and no exceptions will be made, including for circumstances related to weather, medical issues, or other unforeseen events. This also include change of travel dates. For example. if you chose “non refundable” when you book, that means changing of travel dates is not allowed either 

7. Pet fee is $150 for single listing and $250 for duo listing. You must add number of pets when you make the reservation. We ask that you leash your pets at all times at shared backyard for the safety of other guests. These types of dogs are not allowed: Pit bulls, Rottweilers, Doberman Pinschers, German Shepherds and Neapolitan Mastiffs.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Aurora
Host User ID: 23297219
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/23297219
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi I’m Aurora, MusicRowRental on the Cumberland property manager. Check us out online!
Where I went to school: The Ohio State University
Speaks English and Chinese
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
528 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting