URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1714752138853184702
Latitude: 36.1734
Longitude: -86.7922
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your studio in the heart of Germantown! You're minutes away from downtown Nashville, with the city's best right at your door. Inside: a king bed, a sleek kitchenette, and all the right touches. Great for traveling solo or part of a group. We have free and paid parking onsite. Next door at the hotel: pickleball, local programming, and  outdoor drink-and-hang spaces, all open to guests of The Conway.

The space
Welcome to The Conway, a vibrant Nashville stay designed for fun getaways with friends, families, and groups. Located in historic Germantown, The Conway puts you close to downtown, Broadway, restaurants, nightlife, and many of Music City’s most popular attractions.

THE ACCOMMODATIONS
The private studio includes one bathroom, a small dining table, a comfortable sleeping area with a king sized bed, and a kitchenette for simple meals, drinks, and snacks.

THE SOUNDRY BACKYARD
Guests of The Conway may enjoy the backyard at The Soundry, conveniently located right next door. This large shared outdoor space features two pickleball courts, spacious seating areas, and fire-pits—perfect for relaxing, gathering with your group, or enjoying some friendly competition.

Normal guest hours for The Soundry backyard are 8:00 a.m.–10:00 p.m. Guests may enjoy the space during designated guest hours, subject to availability and private events. Access may occasionally be restricted due to private events or property operations.

THE GERMANTOWN NEIGHBORHOOD
The Conway is located in Germantown, one of Nashville’s most historic and sought-after neighborhoods. Known for its charming streets, acclaimed restaurants, local coffee shops, boutiques, and lively atmosphere, Germantown offers plenty to explore right outside your door.

You’ll be conveniently located near downtown Nashville, Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park, and the Nashville Farmers’ Market—giving you easy access to Music City’s biggest attractions while providing a comfortable place to recharge after a day of exploring.

KEYLESS ENTRY AND GUEST SUPPORT
The Conway uses Salto smart locks for convenient keyless entry. Guests will receive their unique access codes and detailed arrival instructions on the day of check-in.

Our 24-hour concierge and guest communications team is available throughout your stay to answer questions, provide assistance, and help you make the most of your time in Nashville.

PARKING
Free parking is available in the open garage on a first-come, first-served basis.  There is additional paid parking in the area.

DOGS
Dogs may be permitted upon request with advance approval and a $150 pet fee. Please contact us before arrival if you plan to bring a dog.  An undisclosed pet will result in a $500 fee.

EARLY CHECK-IN AND LATE CHECKOUT
Early check-in between 10:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m. may be available at different prices depending on the requested time. Late checkout between 12:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. may also be available at different prices depending on the requested time.

Both options must be requested and approved in advance and are subject to availability.

QUIET HOURS
Quiet hours are from 10:00 p.m.–8:00 a.m. Please be respectful of other guests and our neighbors by keeping noise to a minimum during these hours.

ACCESSIBILITY
Please note that The Conway does not have an elevator. Stairs are required to access the accommodations.

Guest access
The space you have reserved is completely private and exclusively yours during your stay.   It is not shared with other guests, giving you the comfort and privacy to relax and enjoy your time with us.

Please make yourself at home - we're happy to provide you with a space that feels like your own!

Other things to note
The Conway is designed for guests who want to experience Nashville together while remaining close to the city’s top attractions. Because this is a shared hospitality property, you may see other guests enjoying the common outdoor spaces. Please be considerate of neighboring units and observe posted property policies and quiet hours.

When you reserve multi units you are reserving multiple units, not one connected space.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Notable Collection
Host User ID: 699711821
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699711821
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
2514 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting