URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1350873354534499208
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Luxe Cowgirl. Western-inspired retreat in the heart of downtown Nashville! Walking distance & only 3 blocks from Broadway’s honky-tonks, top restaurants, & live music. Resort-style amenities with pool, sky lounge, and fitness center. Designed for comfort and style sleeping up to 8 guests with 2 King Beds, TVs in each room, upscale, newly designed décor, plush amenities, a glam area, and a fully stocked kitchen. Perfect for bachelorette parties. Designated parking spot available!

The space
🤠 Welcome to The Luxe Cowgirl

⭐ KEY FEATURES

• 2 beautifully designed bedrooms with 2 king beds
• 1 queen sleeper sofa + 2 twin rollaway beds
• 2 spacious full bathrooms
• Fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances
• Stylish living room with upholstered sofa, leather swivel chairs & flat screen TV
• Victrola record player with assorted vinyls + karaoke machine
• Large private balcony with skyline views
• Resort-style shared amenities: pool, sky lounge & fitness center
• In-unit washer & dryer
• Safe, walkable location just blocks from Broadway
• Private designated parking spot available in covered garage
• Wheelchair accessible with no stairs, same level living. Shower chair available.

📍 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION

You truly cannot beat this spot.

• 3 blocks to Broadway’s live music scene
• Steps to Bridgestone Arena
• Walkable to the Ryman Auditorium
• Minutes to Nissan Stadium

Experience Nashville the way it’s meant to be — on foot, immersed in music, food, and nightlife.

Welcome to The Luxe Cowgirl, where Western grit meets high-end glamour. This one-of-a-kind Nashville retreat blends cowgirl independence and rugged charm with upscale finishes and fashion-forward flair. Think classic Western heritage reimagined with a luxe twist.

Inside, rustic wood-style floors and curated wall art celebrate the spirit of the modern cowgirl. The living area invites you to kick back in style with plush seating, leather swivel chairs, a flat screen TV, and a Victrola record player so you can spin your favorite country hits. Feeling bold? Fire up the karaoke machine and bring Broadway home with you.

The kitchen pairs sleek stainless steel appliances with luxe design details. A statement island with blush velvet barstools and black-and-gold pendant lighting creates the perfect gathering space for cocktails, brunch, or late-night bites before heading out.

Each bedroom carries its own personality. The pink cowgirl suite features playful cactus accents and feminine Western flair, while the cowboy-inspired room delivers bold charm. Both king beds are dressed in crisp, hotel-quality linens for a restful night’s sleep. One bedroom even includes a dedicated vanity space, perfect for getting glam before a night out on Broadway.

The bathrooms offer a serene escape with plush towels, modern finishes, and Nashville-inspired prints. Unwind in the tub or refresh in the spacious shower after a day exploring Music City.

Step outside to your private balcony and soak in the skyline views. Whether enjoying morning coffee or reminiscing about the night before, it’s the perfect extension of the Luxe Cowgirl vibe.

🚗 PARKING

• Designated building parking available for $30 per night

📋 Important Information

✅ This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1000 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $59 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $1.50 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

Your guest portal includes advertisements with third-party upgrades that you may want to enhance your stay. These upgrades are optional and include:
Late Check out - 1 Hour - $25

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Guest access
Guests will be able to access the entire apartment plus the common areas and building amenities such as the fitness center, lounge, and pool.

Other things to note
STR Permit--2018074801.

Registration Details
2018074801

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Pamela
Host User ID: 122830808
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/122830808
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Pamela, here at your service! It's such a pleasure to welcome you to my home away from home through AirBnb.  Relax in this stress free zone during your stay.  Gather with grateful hearts, make indescribable memories to last a lifetime with family & friends.  After caring for my father for over 5 years, this brought me to my next journey.  I'm so grateful to be your upcoming host during your stay!
Where I went to school: Strayer University
My work: Banking
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
166 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting