URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/969154276740778025
Latitude: 36.15696
Longitude: -86.77688
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Green Escape! A stylish Studio Luxury SUITE centrally-located in downtown Nashville and walking distance to Broadway & all other local attractions.

We are: 
★ 0.2 miles from Music City Center
★ 0.4 miles from Bridgestone Arena
★ 0.4 miles from Country Music HOF
★ 0.7 miles from Broadway
★ 1.3 miles from Nissan Stadium
★ 6.8 miles from Nashville International Airport

STRP_2018074159

The space
This charming luxury suite located on the 5th floor is packed with style, modern luxurious design, plenty to entertain and relax, and room for guests to enjoy.

From relaxing in our comfortable queen beds to having fun and lounging in our exquisite central pool to simply enjoying all of the amenities right outside including a gym and rock climbing wall, this warm and welcoming private luxury suite has something for everyone to make your stay a memorable one!

★ LIVING AREA ★
Relax and unwind in the bright, open living space with doors that have almost floor-to-ceiling window inserts and a modern luxe design with comfort in mind. The TV comes loaded with streaming apps like Amazon Prime Video, Apple TV, Disney+, HBO Max, Hulu, YouTube and Netflix (You will be able to log into your own account) to keep everyone entertained.
✔ Luxe Lounge
✔ 50" Smart TV
✔ Modern Space Design

★ KITCHEN & DINING ★
The kitchen comes fully equipped with everything you would need to cook up all your favorite meals, from the built in microwave to the spacious fridge/freezer, to the oven and electric stove.
You’ll have access to quality cookware, dinnerware, and utensils along with a Keurig coffee maker to get your day started right and all the cooking essentials you would need right at your fingertips.
Eat together (or solo) at the elegant dining with seating which can also be a perfect game and lounge table.
✔ Stainless Steel Appliances - Fridge/Freezer, Microwave, Oven
✔ Keurig Coffee Maker
✔ Cookware, Dinnerware & Utensils
✔ Dining for two

★ BEDROOM & BATHROOM ★
Within the studio suite, you’ll find two comfortable queen beds topped with soft, high quality Egyptian cotton sheets along with plenty of space for you to unpack and make yourself at home. This private luxury suite comes with beautiful doors with huge window inserts that brighten the entire room and overlooks the outside.
There is a lavish full bathroom that come stocked with all the essentials for your stay along with soft fluffy towels so you don’t have to worry about a thing.
✔ Bedroom – 2 Queen Beds, Egyptian cotton sheets, Pillows, Plant Accents, Doors with open window inserts
✔ Luxurious Full Bathroom
✔ Soft Fluffy Towels
✔ Soap, Shampoo, and Body wash

★ OUTDOOR LIVING AND ACTIVITIES ★
On a beautiful day downtown Nashville, step out by the central pool where you can have fun, enjoy the fresh air or simply relax. Enjoy a drink or two outside by the patio or at the charming lounging area with a partner, friends, or family. If you are into health and fitness, this place offers a modern Gym, and a Rock Climbing Wall! 
✔ Indoor & Outdoor workspace
✔ Commercial Fitness Center
✔ Rock climbing wall
✔ Pool

So if you are looking for somewhere special for your next vacation or just a weekend away at the heart of Nashville all just minutes away from attractions like the Music City Center, Broadway, shopping malls and exquisite restaurants and bars, look no further than this modern, charming, luxurious suite that offers a thoughtful design packed with amenities for everyone to enjoy.

***** and MUCH MORE *****

Our mission is to make sure that your stay in our Green Escape suite become an unforgettable and amazing experience.

★ FUN PLACES AND ATTRACTIONS NEARBY WITHIN 30 MINUTES FROM THE PROPERTY ★

- The Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum: This museum is located in downtown Nashville and is home to exhibits and collections showcasing the history and evolution of country music.

- The Frist Art Museum: This art museum, also located in downtown Nashville, features a wide range of rotating exhibits, including contemporary art, photography, and more.

- Cheekwood Estate & Gardens: This historic estate and botanical garden, located just 15 minutes from downtown Nashville, features 55 acres of gardens, art, and a historic mansion.

- Belle Meade Plantation: This historic plantation and winery, located just 15 minutes from downtown Nashville, offers tours of the mansion and grounds, as well as wine tastings and events.

- Radnor Lake State Park: This nature reserve, located just 20 minutes from downtown Nashville, offers hiking trails, wildlife viewing, and peaceful views of the lake.

- The Parthenon: This full-scale replica of the Parthenon in Athens, Greece, is located in Centennial Park in Nashville and features a permanent art collection.

- Adventure Science Center: This interactive science museum, located just 10 minutes from downtown Nashville, features exhibits and activities for all ages, including a planetarium.

- Nissan Stadium: Home to the Tennessee Titans NFL team, this stadium offers tours and hosts concerts and other events throughout the year.

- The Nashville Zoo: This zoo, located just 15 minutes from downtown Nashville, features a wide range of animals from around the world, as well as special events and programs.

- The Ryman Auditorium: This historic music venue, located in downtown Nashville, is known as the "Mother Church of Country Music" and offers tours and performances by a variety of artists.

Guest access
You are welcome to use the entire place. Please make yourself feel right at home!

This building uses a keyless entry app system, so you’ll need to download the required app and complete the setup instructions before arrival in order to access the building and its amenities. This system also provides peace of mind and a safe & secure building.

Please also keep in mind that we have a ZERO tolerance policy on any violations of all short term rental ordinances and our house rules. No over occupancy - the occupancy listed on the agreement is the only occupancy allowed in the property. No additional guests allowed at any time.

Please note: Guest contact details are required in advance to arrange access to the property.

Other things to note
Parking in the city can be expensive and it is first come, first serve. For $35/night, we have a designated parking space in our gated garage that you can use for your stay with us!

We also do have a baggage service at the Airbnb if you need to drop off your bags prior to check-in or after check-out before heading out! They’re a separate company so there is a fee to hold the bags if needed ($5 per luggage last check).

Photo ID will be required to confirm booking.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Eric
Host User ID: 48019274
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/48019274
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I believe the key to happiness is traveling and food. I'm not much of a cook but I can always point you in the direction of a delicious meal!
Fun fact: afraid of Ferris wheels but will skydive
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
391 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting