URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1137593761015884495
Latitude: 36.1636
Longitude: -86.7519
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Aerial - a clifftop home in East Nashville with sweeping city skyline views, rooftop living, and space for groups of up to 12. Hosted by XENOS Guest-Friend.

- Sleeps 12 | 4 bedrooms | 9 beds | 3.5 baths
- Private hot tub & rooftop patio w/ Nashville skyline views
- Fire pit, outdoor kitchen & BBQ grill
- Ping pong, books & workspace w/ Wi-Fi
- Family-ready: high chair & in-unit washer/dryer
- Free parking & self check-in via smart lock
- Owner apartment attached

The space
Four stories above the city buzz, The Aerial sits on a clifftop in East Nashville where the Nashville skyline isn't a view you catch through a window - it's the backdrop to everything you do here. From the rooftop to the backyard fire pit, this home is built for groups of up to 12 who want more than a place to sleep between nights out.

Sleeping arrangements
Four bedrooms and nine beds give everyone their own space without anyone feeling squeezed. Room-darkening shades, soft bed linens, and extra pillows and blankets mean late mornings are genuinely possible - and with 3.5 bathrooms keeping things moving, a full group of 12 never has to wait long to get the day started.

Living spaces
The interiors carry real personality. Native American and 1970s-inspired furnishings give the home a warmth that feels deliberate - books and art fill the shelves, a ping pong table keeps the energy up, and an electric fireplace anchors the living area on cooler evenings. A dedicated workspace with Wi-Fi sits in a common area, open to anyone who needs to steal a focused hour without stepping away from the group entirely. Note: the workspace does not have a door.

Kitchen & dining
The full kitchen is stocked for a group that actually wants to cook. A refrigerator, freezer, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, blender, toaster, baking sheet, cooking basics, dishes and silverware, wine glasses, and barbecue utensils are all here - the infrastructure for a proper group meal. When the weather pulls you outside, the outdoor kitchen and BBQ grill take over, with an outdoor dining area ready for everything from a slow morning spread to an evening cookout under the Nashville skyline.

Bathrooms
Three and a half bathrooms are fully stocked - shampoo, conditioner, body soap, shower gel, hair dryer, and hot water throughout. Nothing to think about, everything already there.

Outdoor living
September in Nashville still carries warmth in the evenings, and The Aerial is set up to make the most of it. The rooftop patio puts the city skyline directly in front of you - the kind of view that earns its own plans for the evening. The private hot tub is the natural end to a long day out. The fire pit brings the backyard alive after dark, and outdoor furniture is spread across the space for morning coffee, long conversations, or anywhere in between.

Family-ready details
Families with young children are well covered. A folding or convertible high chair - with padding, harness, and food tray - is always on-site. A changing table is always available. A paid pack 'n play/travel crib can be arranged on request. An in-unit washer and dryer, clothing storage with hangers, and an iron handle the practical side of a longer stay.

Getting around
Free parking on premises and free street parking make arrival straightforward. Self check-in via smart lock means you set your own schedule from the start, with a private entrance and no coordination required. Downtown Nashville is close when you want it - and far enough away that The Aerial feels like a proper retreat when you don't.

Safety
Exterior security cameras cover the decks and every exterior entrance to the house and driveway. A doorbell camera, smoke alarm, and carbon monoxide alarm are all in place.

Guest access
Full access to home excluding garage
Owner Apartment attached to home with separate entrance - no shared spaces

Other things to note
Sunset Views & Serene Dinners Experience unmatched sunset views against the Nashville skyline from The Aerial, where every evening feels exclusively yours. The surrounding trees offer a serene backdrop for unforgettable dinner parties. And our living room, with its light-filled ambiance and skyline view, is the heart of our retreat.

A Nod to Nature and Nostalgia Embrace creativity of a different kind – nature. Our airy living room, adorned with a '70s color palette, shag rugs, wall hangings, and vintage furniture sourced from Amsterdam Modern, offers a nostalgic escape back in time.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: XENOS Guest Friend
Host User ID: 30962240
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/30962240
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My work: Owner / Operator Luxury Vacation Rental Management
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
2633 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting