URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1732816459739443766
Latitude: 36.1734
Longitude: -86.7922
rental_type: Shared room in boutique hotel
property_type: BOUTIQUE_HOTEL
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: None
beds: 7
occupancy: 14
fields_status: missing: bedrooms
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This Conway Buyout bring your group together across 2 private Conway units—121, 221—with 5 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms total. Each included studio has a kitchenette, while the larger suites include full kitchens and comfortable gathering areas and a private balcony. Hang out with friends in the large backyard next door at The Soundry, featuring open gathering space, pickleball courts, chairs, and fire pits. Germantown dining, downtown nightlife, and live music are only minutes away.

The space
Welcome to The Conway, a vibrant Nashville stay designed for fun getaways with friends, families, and groups. Located in historic Germantown, The Conway puts you close to downtown, Broadway, restaurants, nightlife, and many of Music City’s most popular attractions.

THE ACCOMMODATIONS
Conway Buyout - 2 units includes 2 private units—Conway rooms 121, 221—with 5 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms total. Studios include kitchenettes, while the two- and four-bedroom accommodations include full kitchens and comfortable gathering spaces. Four-bedroom units also include sofa beds, and select accommodations feature balcony access or rooftop views.

THE BUYOUT LAYOUT
Studio 121: King Bed en suite bathroom
4 Bedroom 221
Bedroom 1: Queen Bedroom - en suite bathroom
Bedroom 2: Queen Bedroom
Bedroom 3: Queen Bedroom 
Bedroom 4: Queen Bunk room - en suite bathroom
Living Room 2: sofa bed
2 additional bathrooms in the 4 bedroom suite

THE SOUNDRY BACKYARD
Guests of The Conway may enjoy the backyard at The Soundry, conveniently located right next door. This large shared outdoor space features two pickleball courts, spacious seating areas, and firepits—perfect for relaxing, gathering with your group, or enjoying some friendly competition.

Normal guest hours for The Soundry backyard are 8:00 a.m.–10:00 p.m. Guests may enjoy the space during designated guest hours, subject to availability and private events. Access may occasionally be restricted due to private events or property operations.

THE GERMANTOWN NEIGHBORHOOD
The Conway is located in Germantown, one of Nashville’s most historic and sought-after neighborhoods. Known for its charming streets, acclaimed restaurants, local coffee shops, boutiques, and lively atmosphere, Germantown offers plenty to explore right outside your door.

You’ll be conveniently located near downtown Nashville, Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park, and the Nashville Farmers’ Market—giving you easy access to Music City’s biggest attractions while providing a comfortable place to recharge after a day of exploring.

KEYLESS ENTRY AND GUEST SUPPORT
The Conway uses Salto smart locks for convenient keyless entry. Guests will receive their unique access codes and detailed arrival instructions on the day of check-in.

Our 24-hour concierge and guest communications team is available throughout your stay to answer questions, provide assistance, and help you make the most of your time in Nashville.

PARKING
Paid onsite parking is available for $25 per vehicle, per night on a first-come, first-served basis. Parking availability is not guaranteed.

DOGS
Dogs may be permitted upon request with advance approval and a $150 pet fee. Please contact us before arrival if you plan to bring a dog.

EARLY CHECK-IN AND LATE CHECKOUT
Early check-in between 10:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m. may be available at different prices depending on the requested time. Late checkout between 12:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. may also be available at different prices depending on the requested time.

Both options must be requested and approved in advance and are subject to availability.

QUIET HOURS
Quiet hours are from 10:00 p.m.–8:00 a.m. Please be respectful of other guests and our neighbors by keeping noise to a minimum during these hours.

ACCESSIBILITY
Please note that The Conway does not have an elevator. Stairs are required to access the accommodations.

Other things to note
The Conway is designed for guests who want to experience Nashville together while remaining close to the city’s top attractions. Because this is a shared hospitality property, you may see other guests enjoying the common outdoor spaces. Please be considerate of neighboring units and observe posted property policies and quiet hours.

When you reserve multi units from a listing you are reserving multiple units, not one connected space.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Notable Collection
Host User ID: 699711821
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699711821
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
2514 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting