URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1343553000854151147
Latitude: 36.20504230417561
Longitude: -86.7387107027588
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to this 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom condo in a historic landmark building, with a bright open layout and easy self-check-in.

・Free parking on premises
・In-building washer and dryer plus elevator access
・Open living area with TV, dedicated workspace, and dining table
・1 mile to The Station historical landmark
・4.7 miles to Bridgestone Arena and nearby restaurants

Settle in and enjoy a comfortable Nashville base with room to relax, cook, and unwind.

The space
This stylish and centrally located condo offers the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and historic charm. Just minutes from Downtown Nashville, Broadway, East Nashville, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, Music Row, The Gulch, and top Music City attractions, it's the ideal stay for couples, families, business travelers, and weekend getaways looking to experience the very best of Nashville, TN.

| 💖 💖 💖 What You'll Love 💖 💖 💖 |

・🅿️ Free parking on premises
・🫧 In-building washer and dryer, plus elevator access
・💦 Towels, bed linens, and bathroom essentials provided
・🛜 Central air, heating, ceiling fan, wireless internet, and smart lock
・🛋️ Open living area with TV, dedicated workspace, and dining table
・💤 Two bedrooms and two bathrooms for a comfortable group stay
・🏞️ Historic landmark building condo with private entrance and self check-in
・🍳 Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, stove, oven, dishwasher, microwave, coffee maker, and blender

| ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ Guests Reviews ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ |
Hear what our guests loved most about their stay

❛❛ perfect place to stay, close to downtown would definitely recommend! ❜❜ (Janaya)

❛❛ We had a wonderful stay and really enjoyed the property. The home was comfortable and exactly as described. Communication with the host was excellent, and everything we needed was provided. We would happily stay here again and recommend it to others. ❜❜ (Andrea)

❛❛ Vacasa treated us great for the weekend. I had trouble opening the door but as soon as I texted they responded right away.  Great communication from them! The place was very nice and clean. I’ll recommend them any day. ❜❜ (Ivette)

Welcome to your Nashville condo, a comfortable home base with a bright open layout and classic character. It is a great fit for families or friends who want a practical, easy stay while exploring Music City.

LIVING ROOM AND DINING
▷ The dining table sits by the windows, giving the space a bright, open feel
▷ A comfortable sofa and TV make this the main place to gather and unwind
▷ Large windows with curtains bring in natural light while giving you privacy when you want it

KITCHEN AND DINING
▷ A long island with bar seating adds extra prep space and a casual spot to eat or chat
▷ You will also have cooking basics, dishes and silverware, freezer, wine glasses, and a blender
▷ The kitchen is set up for easy meals, with a refrigerator, stove, oven, dishwasher, microwave, and coffee maker

BEDROOMS
▷ Bedroom 1 features a queen bed, TV, dresser, and windows with curtains
▷ Bedroom 2 also includes a queen bed, TV, dresser, and soft-toned finishes for a calm place to rest

BATHROOMS
▷ One bathroom includes a tub-shower combo, vanity, mirror, and toilet
▷ The second bathroom is styled with a walk-in shower, vanity, mirror, and toilet

LAUNDRY AND OTHERS
▷ Self check-in with a smart lock keeps arrival simple
▷ In-building washer and dryer are available for guest use
▷ A private entrance and elevator add convenience to your stay

We would love to host you in Nashville and hope you feel right at home here.

| ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ NEARBY ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ |
▷ 1 mile to The Station, a historical landmark, part of the area’s local character
▷ 1.5 mile to Highland Yards shopping mall for everyday errands and browsing
▷ 8.9 mile to Crescent Plaza Shopping Center for convenient shopping stops
▷ 2.5 miles to Shops at Porter East for another nearby retail option
▷ 4.7 miles to Bridgestone Arena restaurants ois within walking distance mentioned by past guests

・Downtown Nashville (Broadway Honky Tonks)	(4.6 miles)
・Ryman Auditorium (4.6 miles)
・Country Music Hall of Fame & Museum (4.8 miles)
・Johnny Cash Museum (4.5 miles)
・Nissan Stadium (3.8 miles)
・Printer's Alley (4.3 miles)
・Tennessee State Capitol (4.6 miles)
・Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park (4.6 miles)
・Nashville Farmers' Market (4.6 miles)
・Germantown Historic District (4.2 miles)
・The Parthenon (Centennial Park) (9.7 miles)
・Centennial Park (7.8 miles)
・Belmont Mansion (8.8 miles)
・Music Row (7.6 miles)
・RCA Studio B (7.5 miles)
・The Gulch (7.4 miles)
・Adventure Science Center (6.5 miles)
・Nashville Zoo at Grassmere (12.6 miles)
・Grand Ole Opry (9 miles)
・Opry Mills (8.7 miles)
・Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center (7 miles)
・General Jackson Showboat (8.6 miles)
・Andrew Jackson's Hermitage (14.7 miles)
・Radnor Lake State Park (15.4 miles)
・Percy Warner Park (19.4 miles)
・Edwin Warner Park (19.4 miles)
・Cheekwood Estate & Gardens (14.3 miles)
・Historic Franklin, TN (Main Street) (26 miles)

Whether you're visiting Nashville, Tennessee for live music, concerts, sporting events, business, sightseeing, or a relaxing vacation, this centrally located condo puts you close to everything that makes Music City unforgettable. Book your Nashville vacation rental today and enjoy easy access to the city's best restaurants, entertainment, shopping, and iconic attractions while relaxing in the comfort of your own private retreat.

Guest access
As our guest, you'll have full access to the entire property, except for a few areas reserved for house supplies.

Other things to note
| ▼ Things to Know |

☑︎ Check-in time: 4:00 PM
☑︎ Check-out time: 10:00 AM
☑︎ Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM - 8:00 AM
☑︎ All guests shall abide good neighbor policy and shall not engage in illegal activity.
☑︎ NO smoking is permitted anywhere on the premises.
☑︎ Streaming services available with guests’ own account(s)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Casago Middle Tennessee 2⁩
Host User ID: 169266942
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/169266942
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish
Lives in Tennessee, United States
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
7553 reviews
4.5 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting