URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/25735663
Latitude: 36.1291
Longitude: -86.7941
rental_type: Entire bungalow
property_type: BUNGALOW
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This  beautiful Craftsman home is located in the trendy 12 South/Belmont/Hillsboro neighborhood. The home has been meticulously renovated, preserving its 100-year-old charm while incorporating updates such as a modern chef's kitchen, bathrooms, and lighting.

The space
🏡 Authentic Craftsman Retreat in the Heart of Nashville

Step into a true Craftsman home where history isn’t staged—it’s preserved. This thoughtfully maintained retreat showcases original details and carefully curated vintage pieces that reflect the home’s character and era.

Inside, you’ll find high ceilings, rich dark-stained wood floors, and original oversized windows softened with delicate French lace curtains. Throughout the home, authentic touches—like framed 1920s advertisements and Tiffany-style ceiling fixtures—create a sense of nostalgia that feels both distinctive and inviting.

This is not a replica of history—it’s the real thing, comfortably updated for modern living.

🍳 Fully Equipped Kitchen

The kitchen blends charm and function with original cabinetry paired alongside modern appliances.

Fully stocked with cookware, dishware, and utensils for up to 10 guests, it’s ready for everything from simple breakfasts to shared meals around the table.

🛏 Comfortable Sleeping Spaces

Each of the three bedrooms offers a quiet, restful retreat with comfortable mattresses, soft quilts, duvets, and layered bedding designed for a great night’s sleep.

💻 Work & Entertainment

For those mixing business with leisure, two desks and multiple USB ports make it easy to stay connected.

When it’s time to unwind, enjoy four Roku TVs with local channels, Netflix, and Prime Video.

🌿 Outdoor Living

The front porch invites you to slow down, with wicker seating for eight—perfect for morning coffee or watching the neighborhood go by.
Out back, a spacious deck overlooks a peaceful, shaded yard. The fenced backyard and side yards provide plenty of room to relax, gather around the fire pit, or enjoy a casual game of corn hole.

👨‍👩‍👧 Family Friendly

The home is well-suited for families, with thoughtful additions including:
• High chair
• Pack ’n Play
• Blackout curtains in all sleeping areas

A selection of books and games is also available for quieter moments indoors.

🚗 Easy Parking

The driveway fits two small cars or one SUV, with additional free street parking readily available.

📍 Excellent Location

Set in Nashville’s charming Belmont / Hillsboro neighborhood, this home offers both walkability and convenience. Belmont University is just a short stroll away.

Nearby destinations include:

🎓 Belmont University – 5 minute walk
🎶 Music Row – 4 minute drive
🎸 Midtown & Vanderbilt University – 6 minute drive
🏥 Vanderbilt University Medical Center – 7 minute drive
🎤 Bridgestone Arena – 10 minute drive
🍻 Lower Broadway / Honky Tonks – 10 minute drive
🏈 Nissan Stadium – 12 minute drive
🏟 Vanderbilt University – 10 minutes
         Belmont University - 10 minutes
⚽ GEODIS Soccer Park, Nashville Speedway and the Truth Music Venue – 6 minutes
🌳 Centennial Park & The Parthenon – 8 minute drive
✈️ Nashville International Airport (BNA) – 15 minute drive

You’ll be close to everything, while staying in one of Nashville’s most established and character-filled neighborhoods.

🎶 Ideal for Belmont, Vanderbilt & Music Row Visits

This home is especially well-suited for:

• 🎓 Belmont University visits, move-in, and graduation stays
• 🎓 Vanderbilt University events and campus visits
• 🏥 Medical stays near Vanderbilt University Medical Center
• 🎵 Music professionals working on Music Row
• 🎤 Guests attending concerts and Nashville events

The surrounding area is known for its tree-lined streets, historic homes, and local cafés—offering a quieter, more authentic Nashville experience.

🐾 Pet Friendly

Pets are welcome, so your entire household can enjoy the stay together.

✨ Your Nashville Stay

Experience a home where craftsmanship, history, and comfort come together naturally.
If you appreciate original details, vintage character, and a space that feels genuinely lived-in (in the best way), this Craftsman retreat offers a stay that’s both memorable and refreshingly different.

Guest access
The house is a duplex. The entire 1st floor of the home, front porch and back deck are available to you, as well as the fenced-in back and side yards.  

There is an upstairs apartment that is for the intermittent use of the owner. Stairs to this level are on the outside of the house. There are no shared living or outdoor spaces.

Registration Details
2022058375

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Roxie
Host User ID: 9971046
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/9971046
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
The Ashwood Bungalow, located in the Historic Hillsboro-Belmont neighborhood, is a beautiful property in Nashville’s most desirable residential neighborhood. My husband Dave and I have stayed at AirBnBs in many states and foreign countries, and were delighted when the opportunity arose for us to offer our home as an AirBnB property!  We have been part of the Nashville community since the 1970s, moving there after college.
Where I went to school: University of Texas Austin
My work: Registered Dietitian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
232 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting