URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/53138027
Latitude: 36.1299
Longitude: -86.7796
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Beautiful 3 level townhouse is walking distance to many local attractions in Nashville on 8th Ave, 1 mile to the 12th Avenue South Neighborhood with restaurants and bars and shopping and just over 2 miles south of downtown Nashville where you can enjoy live music, shopping, honky tonks and site seeing. 
Walk to Zanies Comedy Club, Famous Hattie B's Hot Chicken, 8th and Roast Coffee. And the trendy 12th Ave Neighborhood area and enjoy Bar Taco, Jeni's Ice Cream, Urban Grub and LOTS more!

The space
Thank you for your interest in Hey Y'all Nashville!

WEEKEND RESERVATIONS:
Three night MINIMUM is required on all weekends. Friday and Saturday MUST be booked together. Weekends are our most popular time in the city, which is why we require Friday and Saturday to be booked together. We have this rule due to the fact that it makes the other weekend night almost impossible to book if it is split up.

**Additional rules may apply for special events and holidays**

PRESIDENTS/VETERANS/MEMORIAL/LABOR DAY HOLIDAY WEEKENDS: Sunday night must be booked with your reservation.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Please read information below BEFORE contacting host.

RESERVATION HOLDS:
Please read information below BEFORE contacting host.

Our house is a 3 story townhome. 
On the FIRST floor is a 2 car garage and a bedroom with full size bunk beds and a en-suite bathroom. 
The SECOND floor is the main living area with kitchen, dining, and living room.  Lastly the THIRD floor has the laundry room and the king and queen bedrooms, both with en-suite bathrooms. 
All bedrooms have a private full bathroom connected to them.

BEDROOM 1 FEATURES:
1 King Bed

BEDROOM 2 FEATURES:
1 Queen Bed

BEDROOM 3 FEATURES:
Full Bunk Beds to sleep 4

AIR MATTRESS:
1 Queen Air Mattress - air controlled for no flat comfort

AMENITIES INCLUDE:
Free WiFi 
Smart TV in living room
Fully equipped kitchen
Dining table with seating 
Bar stool seating
Iron/Iron board
Hair dryer
Fresh bed linens
Plush towels
Toiletries - shampoo, conditioner, body soap, body lotion
Cozy pillows 
Dishwasher
Regular Drip Coffee Maker - coffee, creamer, sugar
Blender
Central air-conditioning/heat

If this space is booked please feel free to inquire about our other accommodation options.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
In addition if you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

CLEANING:
We pride ourselves in providing a clean home for our guests. We hire cleaners that not only work hard, but take pride in their craft. They treat the property as their own and we pay them well for a thoroughly clean home. If during your stay, anything isn’t up to your standard please let us know immediately so that we can make it right for you right away. Your satisfaction is our top priority.

2021followed077followed_by761

Guest access
KEYLESS ENTRY:
Prior to your arrival, you will receive a unique keypad code that will serve as your keyless entry to the condo during your stay.

GUIDE BOOK:
A book with recommendations for local restaurants, coffee shops, spas and other places to visit is provided in the home.

FREE PARKING:
Guests have a 2 car garage for parking directly at the Townhome.  More parking can be found directly on Elliott Ave.

Other things to note
RESPECT & CARE:
We have worked very hard to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Please respect, care and be mindful of the surrounding neighbors so that guests can continue to enjoy the space for many years to come.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
Please DO NOT ask for a early check in or late check out unless it’s the day prior to your arrival or the day before check out.
On the same note, if you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dorinda
Host User ID: 28196034
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/28196034
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born and raised in Nashville, we are deeply connected to the local music, boating, and warm community that feels like family. We’ve thoughtfully prepared every detail to make your stay truly special and comfortable. Whether it’s your first visit or you’re a seasoned traveler, this is your home away from home. Need anything? Just ask, we’re here to ensure you feel right at home in your cozy Nashville retreat.
Where I went to school: Small country cow town
My work: CozyStays&HappyHeart
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
4448 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting