Relax in this calm, stylish, and spacious 2 Bedroom house with Nashville at your fingertips. Only 3 miles to Downtown (Broadway bars) and Nissan Stadium, 2 miles to trendy Germantown. 3 Beds + Air Mattress, 1.5 Baths, Dining room. Fully fenced in back yard & kitchen for your cooking needs. FREE Parking in the driveway + Washer/Dryer. Desk in one of the bedrooms. Nearby restaurants include Rolf & Daughter, City House & Monell's. Beautiful eclectic mid-century modern touches throughout the home.

The space
HIGHLIGHTS: 

★ Sleeps 8 people
★ 4 Beds - 2 Queen, 1 Sleeper Sofa, 1 Queen Air Mattress
★ 2 Bedrooms
★ 1 Full size bathroom + 1 Half Bathroom
★ Washer/Dryer in the home
★ Dining Room + Dining Table that seats 4
★ Record Player
★ Smart TV with all the apps you could want 
★ Only 3 miles to Downtown Broadway Bars + Nissan Stadium + Bridgestone Arena
★ Only 2 miles to trendy and hip Germantown - tons of restaurants, bars, coffee shops
★ FREE Parking in the driveway plus ample street parking
★ Fully fenced-in backyard
★ Fully equipped kitchen for all of your cooking needs
★ High-speed internet
★ Desk to work at
★ Hair dryers, shampoo, conditioner and body wash provided
★ Adjustable thermostats
★ Hassle-free check-in with no keys, just codes 
★ Coffee Maker + Coffee
★ East Nashville is 4 miles, 12 South is 5 miles, the Gulch is 4 miles, Hillsboro Village is 5 miles, Vanderbilt University is 5 Miles, Belmont University is 6 miles,
★Takes around 5-10 minutes driving to get anywhere in town depending on traffic

BEDS: 
Bedroom 1: 1 Queen Bed
Bedroom 2: 1 Queen Bed
Living room: Sleeper Sofa + Queen Air Mattress

BATHROOM: 
Bathroom 1: Full size with shower/tub combo
Bathroom 2: Half size

After a fun day out exploring Nashville, come back to relax in this quiet, spacious, comfy house. Parking is free. The airport is only about 15 minutes away. There are plenty of Ubers, Lyft and taxis available. Our house is in a great location to enjoy all the things that Nashville has to offer.

Nearby Places (alphabetical order):

★ 5th & Taylor
★ Bearded Iris Brewing
★ Bridgestone Arena
★ Butchertown Hall
★ Brooklyn Bowl Music Venue
★ City House
★ Monell's
★ Nashville Farmer's Market
★ Nissan Stadium
★ O-Ku
★ Red Bicycle 
★ Rolf & Daughters
★ Slim & Husky's 
★ Sounds Baseball Stadium
★ Starbucks
★ Steadfast Coffee
★ The Optimist
★ Title Boxing Club
★ Topgolf.

Guest access
You'll have access to the entire private residential home, driveway, and fenced-in backyard.

Other things to note
Early check in times selected through the app are not applicable. If you would like early check in, you must message us.

This house is located in a residential neighborhood with an elementary school across the street.  We know it's Nashville and you want to have a good time, but please respect our (and soon-to-be your) neighbors and community by keeping noise to a minimum and observing our strict "no parties" policy.