URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/554287293452960766
Latitude: 36.14819
Longitude: -86.78086
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Illume 114

The space
Part of the picture-perfect Illume community, this inviting two-bed getaway provides a luxurious all-suite layout. Stream favorite shows on a 75-inch smart TV or sip drinks on your private poolside patio! Set in Gulch View - a prime locale near downtown and The Gulch - this urban escape is minutes from the city’s incredible music scene, fantastic dining, local shopping, and nightlife hotspots. Luxe amenities include a beautifully landscaped courtyard, a fitness center, and a seasonal pool in the heart of the building. Pairing contemporary style with a sustainable design, this forward-thinking retreat includes features like energy-efficient systems and a green roof. Your stylish condo also boasts a sleek full kitchen and retro-modern touches like a chic hanging chair.

The welcoming living area features 10-feet ceilings and retro-modern decor. Curl up on the comfy sleeper sofa and watch favorite shows on the 75-inch 4K smart TV. The well-equipped kitchen is fitted with ample cookware and a full suite of stainless steel appliances. Sit down to home-cooked meals at the reclaimed wood table for four.

This single-level condo sleeps eight guests between the two suites and a queen-size sleeper sofa in the living area. The primary suite is appointed with a plush king bed and a 50-inch smart TV. The sparkling en suite bathroom holds a double vanity and a walk-in shower. The guest suite is fitted with two full-size beds, a hanging chair, and a 43-inch smart TV. The en-suite bathroom (which is also accessible from the hallway) has a tub/shower combination.

Enjoy after-dinner drinks on your private poolside patio, detailed with seating for four.

Enjoy a central location near some of the city’s most popular neighborhoods. Walk to The Gulch and explore local boutiques, a vibrant nightlife, and one of the hottest food scenes in the city. You’re also near other sought-after areas, including Music Row and Edgehill Village. Or, take a quick rideshare to downtown to visit the convention center and iconic Nashville attractions like the Country Music Hall of Fame and Ryman Auditorium. Bridgestone Arena and Nissan Stadium are also a short drive away.

Shared Amenities
・Outdoor swimming pool (open seasonally)
・Furnished pool deck with gas grill
・Private landscaped courtyard
・Fitness center
・Public Wi-Fi at pool
・Lounge
・Two secured elevators
・On-site overnight security
・Dog walk (note: not all condos are dog-friendly)

Guest access
As our guest, you'll have full access to the entire property, except for a few areas reserved for house supplies.

Other things to note
| ▼ Things to Know |

☑︎ Check-in time: 4:00 PM
☑︎ Check-out time: 10:00 AM
☑︎ Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM - 8:00 AM
☑︎ All guests shall abide good neighbor policy and shall not engage in illegal activity.
☑︎ NO smoking is permitted anywhere on the premises.
☑︎ Streaming services available with guests’ own account(s)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Casago Middle Tennessee 3⁩
Host User ID: 443141200
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/443141200
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Casago Middle Tennessee

A franchise partner of Casago- Our Team are local owners who manage properties like they are our own- with pride, care and efficiency.
Speaks Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
2120 reviews
4.51 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting