URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1202332028801195327
Latitude: 36.31055
Longitude: -86.5007
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Gallatin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 16
occupancy: 14
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
If you are looking for a peaceful family getaway, then this has everything you’ll be looking for just 30 mins North of Nashville & from the airport!
Nestled in a quiet neighborhood, this home is fully equipped to accommodate your vacation needs and stunning views of Old Hickory Lake.
It was fully renovated in 2024 with 4 bedrooms & 3 bathrooms all on one level.
Enjoy the rear deck and/or our fire pit patio where you can delight in roasting s’mores or retelling stories together around the fire...

The space
Welcome to our brand new listing, adding to our luxury collection of stunning lakefront homes 30 minutes from Downtown Nashville.

Be sure to read our reviews on our other properties while this lovely home starts to collect its own feedback.

We have professional pictures coming soon.

If you are looking for a peaceful family getaway, then this has everything you’ll be looking for!
Nestled in a quiet neighborhood to the North of Nashville, this home is fully equipped to accommodate your vacation needs.
This is a wonderful, fully renovated home (2024) with 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms all on one level. Enjoy gathering in this open floor plan layout where the kitchen, dining and living areas all flow seamlessly with each other and enjoy beautiful views of Old Hickory Lake.

The Kitchen features a large island/bar to gather around, full size stainless steel fridge/freezer, oven, dishwasher and microwave. All of your standard kitchen utensils, cooking apparatus and more are conveniently provided for your stay.
Our dining table comfortably seats 6, the bar an additional 4 and we even have seating located in the sunroom and outdoors on the deck overlooking the water.

Step outside and you have some wonderful areas to relax together. Enjoy the rear deck and/or our fire pit patio where you can delight in roasting s’mores or retelling stories together around the fire. If you fancy some fishing, then pick yourself up some bait from a local bait shop or grocery store and you can use our fishing rods to test your luck!

The home can accommodate a maximum of 4 vehicles parked in the driveway and it is important to know that it is in a residential area surrounded by neighbors who live full time in their homes close by, so respecting the noise levels while you visit is very important to not only us but the tranquility of this lovely lake front street. We kindly ask that music is played inside only and at levels that would not disturb adjacent homes.

When you come to visit, we will have all linens and towels awaiting you. Shampoo, body wash, hand soaps and hair dryers come as standard, along with a limited supply of toilet roll, paper towels, laundry and dishwasher detergent.

If you are looking for places to eat or a coffee shop etc. then most amenities can all be found within approximately 5-10 mins from this home. Venture a few more minutes and you can visit the quaint Cities of Hendersonville and Gallatin to the North side of Nashville. There are plenty of recreational parks and even state parks for hiking within 20-30 minutes drive. Down town Nashville can be accessed via Uber/Lyft or your own vehicle and is approximately 30 minutes away, as is the airport.

Here’s a little more about the layout of the home that you may find useful:

Bedroom 1 features a King size bed. (Sleeps 2). It has an en-suite bathroom and a wall mounted TV.

Bedroom 2 features a Queen sized bed along with a twin bunk bed plus additional twin trundle (sleeps 5). It has a wall mounted TV and en-suite Jack-n-Jill bathroom.

Bedroom 3 features a Queen sized bed and has stunning views of the water, including direct access to the back deck (Sleeps 2). It also is en-suite and features a Jack-n-Jill Bathroom.

Bedroom 4 is our ‘Bunk Room’ and features a twin bunk bed with additional twin trundle (Sleeping 3 people). A full bathroom with tub/shower combo is located in the corridor just outside this bedroom.

The Living Room features a Queen size sleeper sofa that can be folded back up in the morning, when not in use. (Sleeps 2)

Opposite the main corridor bathroom is a laundry closet giving you access to a stackable washer & dryer.

All of our TVs are Smart TVs allowing you to log into various apps you have subscriptions to. You will need to login to your own online accounts to access these apps such as Netflix and Amazon etc.

If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to ask.

Guest access
You will have access to the whole home.
The detached garage is not something accessible.

Other things to note
This property does NOT allow any events, parties or weddings etc.
The capacity for the home is 14 people and the listed 14 guests on the registration are the only people allowed to occupy and attend the home.
Thank you for respecting this policy and being courteous of our neighbors.
Quiet hours are from 9pm - 8am.

This home is pet friendly to dogs only with a two pet maximum. Please make sure you select your pets at the time of booking as a $150 fee is collected for reservations including animals. We do also follow breed and weight restrictions. Please reach out to us directly for more information!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonny
Host User ID: 24007959
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24007959
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
British immigrant!
Realtor in Nashville since 2005.
Love Sports, Outdoors, Family & Friends
Christian
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5853 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting