URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1315935480107106674
Latitude: 36.1683
Longitude: -86.7988
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 16
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Two neighboring homes, modern design, and room for everyone make The Jameson & The Jackson House the perfect Nashville getaway. These side-by-side homes offer spacious living areas, stylish interiors, and the convenience of staying together while enjoying separate spaces. Just minutes from downtown and Broadway, they're ideal for family reunions, group getaways, celebrations, corporate retreats, and unforgettable Music City adventures. 🌆

The space
Two Homes, One Extraordinary Experience
By booking both The Jackson House and The Jameson, you gain the privacy and comfort of separate spaces along with the convenience of staying side by side. Unwind in beautifully designed interiors, enjoy rooftop cocktails under the starry Tennessee sky, and savor the excitement of downtown Nashville just minutes away.

Things You'll Love:

◆ Prime Location: Easily access Nashville’s top attractions, including its renowned live music scene, vibrant nightlife, and iconic culinary offerings.
◆ Inspired Interiors: Artfully curated décor and thoughtful touches throughout both homes create an inviting, upscale ambiance.
◆ Culinary Freedom: Fully equipped kitchens invite you to whip up home-cooked meals, craft specialty cocktails, or simply brew your morning coffee.
◆ Rooftop Oasis: Each home boasts its own rooftop terrace, perfect for savoring panoramic downtown views, memorable gatherings, and relaxing under the stars.
◆ Connectivity & Convenience: Enjoy fast Wi-Fi, secure two-car garages (space for 4 cars total), and pet-friendly accommodations (additional $150 pet fee) so everyone in your group feels at home. 

The Jackson House
airbnb.com/h/thejacksonhousenashville
Tailored for group gatherings, The Jackson House is thoughtfully furnished with every comfort in mind. From the spacious couch for everyone to gather on, to the fully stocked kitchen, and a rooftop lounge perfect for drinks at sunset, this home sets the stage for shared moments and lasting memories.

Where You’ll Sleep in The Jackson House:

◆  1st Floor: Queen Bed + Full Private Bathroom
◆  2nd Floor: Queen Bed + Full Connected Bathroom
◆  3rd Floor: Queen Bunk Bed + Twin Bunk Bed + Full Private Bathroom
◆  3rd Floor: King Bed + Full Private Bathroom + TV
◆  BONUS: Queen Air Mattress

The Jameson
airbnb.com/h/thejamesonnashville
A modern masterpiece that seamlessly blends contemporary flair with timeless warmth, The Jameson invites you into an atmosphere of sophistication and ease. Craft delectable meals in the fully equipped kitchen, unwind in the cozy living area, and find inspiration—or simply relaxation—on the expansive rooftop terrace overlooking the city skyline.

Where You’ll Sleep in The Jameson:

◆  1st Floor: Queen Bed + Full Private Bathroom
◆  2nd Floor: 2 Full-Size Bunk Beds + Twin-Size Daybed w/ Pull-Out Trundle
◆  3rd Floor: Queen Bed + Full Private Bathroom
◆  3rd Floor: King Bed + Full Private Bathroom + TV
◆  BONUS: Queen Air Mattress

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The Jameson & Jackson House for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Please note: Each home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

Parking: Each garage accommodates up to two vehicles, and there is also ample street parking nearby for additional cars.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5413 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting