URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1481173301348037570
Latitude: 36.1651
Longitude: -86.7776
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 18
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
2 Story Designer Penthouse • 18 Beds • Walk to Broadway • Ideal for Groups

Welcome to The Velvet Songbird—a rare, luxurious retreat in the heart of Downtown Nashville, just steps from Broadway. This exclusive listing combines two professionally curated lofts, offering 5,000+ square feet of stylish space, 18 beds, 11 bathrooms and room for up to 24 guests across both units.

The space
Perfect for bachelorettes, milestone celebrations, large families, and corporate retreats, this upscale dual-floor setup blends bold design, luxury, and convenience—all just a short stroll to the live music, restaurants, and energy of downtown Nashville.

Design Highlights
Thoughtful boutique hotel-style interiors with a unique identity in each space:
     The Songbird –  Drenched in bold textures and dramatic luxury
     The Velvet Vault – Inspired by Nashville’s rich musical heritage
Modern open-concept layouts ideal for entertaining or unwinding
Expansive windows with cityscape views and abundant natural light

  Prime Downtown Location
•	Located in the sought-after Bankers Alley District (1 block from Printer’s Alley)
•	2 blocks to Broadway’s honky-tonks and nightlife
•	Walkable to the Ryman Auditorium, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, Country Music Hall of Fame, Fifth + Broadway, Assembly Food Hall, and more

  Perfect For
•	Large group celebrations
•	Bachelorette and birthday weekends
•	Corporate or team retreats
•	Family reunions and wedding parties
  
Rental Details
•	Booking includes both floors together (private elevator access)
•	Professionally managed by XENOS Guest-Friend for a five-star stay
•	Ask us about early check-in, concierge services, or local recommendations 

•	7 King Suites with en-suite baths
•	1 Queen Suite with en-suite bath
•	10 Twin Beds (in chic bunks)
•	2 Fully-Equipped Gourmet Kitchens
•	2 Spacious Living Rooms w/ Smart TVs, Karaoke Stages 
•	Bar, Shuffleboard, Poker and Pool Table
•	High-Speed WiFi + In-Unit Laundry + Direct Elevator Access

Book The Velvet Songbird today and experience the best of Nashville in unmatched style, comfort, and space—your group will thank you.

Guest access
Exclusive Access and secure entry ensure a safe and comfortable stay. As our guest, you will have keyless building entry and keyless elevator access to 3rd floor and penthouse. This means that you can easily and securely enter the building and access the condo at any time during your stay without having to worry about a physical key. The access codes will be provided to you prior to your arrival and will be unique to your stay. We hope this added convenience will make your stay more enjoyable and stress-free.  Stairwell access for added convenience between the 2 floors.

Other things to note
Stylish Bedrooms: Retreat to one of the themed ensuite bedrooms, where luxury awaits at every turn. Each bedroom is beautifully appointed with unique furnishings and its own private bathroom. The bunk-area sleeps six and offers a large bathroom vanity area with ample room for everyone to get ready at once. It also features a wet room with a freestanding tub and large shower. Luxurious bedding and tasteful decor ensure a restful night's sleep for all guests.

Modern Comforts:
High-speed Wi-Fi, Smart TVs in every room, SONOS sound, and a washer/dryer in the unit. Everything you need for a hassle-free stay.

Historic Charm: Nestled in a beautifully restored 1899 building within the Historical District, offering a unique blend of Nashville's past and present.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: XENOS Guest Friend
Host User ID: 30962240
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/30962240
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My work: Owner / Operator Luxury Vacation Rental Management
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
2635 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting