URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/39058755
Latitude: 36.18071
Longitude: -86.74809
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Romantic Loft in the Heart of 5 Points | Walkable East Nashville Stay

The space
Hosted by iTrip Vacations Nashville

What Guests Love:

✔ Perfect for couples seeking a stylish, private retreat

✔ Walkable to East Nashville’s best restaurants, bars, and shops

✔ Spotlessly clean with a cozy, well-designed layout

✔ Quiet, yet steps from the energy of 5 Points

The Perfect Escape for Two:

Tucked away in East Nashville’s vibrant 5 Points neighborhood, this loft-style carriage house is the perfect getaway for couples looking to experience the city's creative and eclectic side. With bright, stylish décor and a layout that maximizes space, this retreat feels open and inviting.

Neighborhood & Walkability:

This charming, pedestrian-friendly neighborhood is the beating heart of East Nashville. 5 Points is known for its blend of local dives, craft cocktail spots, boutique shops, and creative energy. Whether you’re here for the live music, the coffee culture, or the legendary hot chicken, you’re in the perfect place to explore without needing a car.

Why You’ll Love It:

Location, Location, Location! Walk to Barista Parlor, Dino’s (World Famous Burgers!), Chopper Tiki Bar, Five Points Pizza, The 5 Spot, and so much more.

Bright & Thoughtfully Designed: Open-concept layout and charming details throughout.

Cozy Reading Nook: A window-side retreat, perfect for curling up with a favorite novel and a cup of java.

Fully Equipped Kitchen: Retro refrigerator, cooktop, and all the essentials to enjoy a homemade meal.

Plush Queen Bed: A hotel-style setup with crisp, upgraded linens for a restful sleep.

The Space:

2nd Floor: Loft-Style Living Space

✔ Open-concept bedroom, kitchen, and lounge area

✔ Full bathroom with a walk-in shower

✔ Reading nook with natural light & a curated book selection

✔ Plush seating for two

✔ Fully stocked kitchen with cooktop, retro fridge, and dishwasher

1st Floor: Entry & Parking

✔ 1 dedicated parking space (no garage access)

✔ Automated keyless entry for seamless check-in

✔ 24/7 access via secure garage keypad

Extras for Peace of Mind:

✔ Custom digital guidebook with local recommendations and discounts

✔ Noise monitoring technology (does not record audio, just ensures respectful noise levels)

Walk to These Hot Spots:

Hunter’s Station ~ 0.4 miles

Snooze ~ 0.4 miles

Edley’s Bar-B-Que ~ 0.7 miles

Fatbelly Pretzel ~ 0.5 miles

Pearl Diver ~ 0.6 miles

Explore Nashville:

Downtown Broadway ~ 3.5 miles

Top Golf ~ 2.3 miles

Nissan Stadium ~ 2 miles

The Gulch ~ 3.5 miles

Ryman Auditorium ~ 2.5 miles

Eat, Drink & Gather Nearby

- Marché Artisan Foods – 1.2 miles away. A charming café with a European feel,

offering delicious brunch, lunch, and dinner options in a cozy, intimate setting.

- Barista Parlor (East Nashville) – 1.3 miles. A trendy yet relaxed coffee shop

with an excellent selection of coffee and pastries. Ideal for a cozy morning with a

great vibe.

- The Treehouse – 1.7 miles. An intimate dining experience with a unique

treehouse-inspired setting. The perfect spot for a memorable dinner, with

delicious, comfort food-style dishes.

- Cafe Roze – 1.8 miles. A lovely neighborhood café serving modern American

fare. The inviting atmosphere makes it a great option for a quiet meal or drinks.

- The Fox Bar & Cocktail Club – 1.8 miles. Cozy and stylish with delicious

cocktails and small plates. Perfect for a romantic night out or a relaxed evening.

- Sinema – 2.9 miles. A chic, vintage-style restaurant serving contemporary

American dishes. The setting is perfect for a more upscale yet intimate dining

experience.

Meet the Hosts

iTrip Nashville is a dedicated vacation rental company based in Nashville, TN. Our team is committed to providing a five-star experience for the guests we have the honor of hosting. From spotless spaces to seamless check-ins, we ensure that every detail is covered upon your arrival. We’re available 24/7 to assist as needed. Be our guests and allow us to help you create unforgettable memories in Nashville.

★ Love this property but your dates aren’t available? Reach out to us! We manage a variety of unique rentals across the area and would be happy to recommend another property that fits your needs.

Metro Nashville & Davidson County STR Permit:

2019 followed by 056196

Other things to note
Please note that we may collect additional information from you after confirming your booking (usually an email address) in order to comply with local regulations and to provide the best possible experience.

Regulatory Information

2019_056196

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ITrip Nashville
Host User ID: 260899725
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/260899725
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
iTrip Vacations Nashville is a locally owned business that works very hard to provide world-class guest experiences for tens of thousands of guests each year.

Kevin and the entire iTrip staff loves all things Music City and enjoys interacting with visitors and creating wonderful memories for all who travel here or locals getting out and about. 

Please ask if you need anything.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
3663 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting