URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1487068928910360000
Latitude: 36.1647
Longitude: -86.7783
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Printers Alley Penthouse–Be wowed by this 10,000 sq. ft. 4BR, 2-level, 5.5-bath premier suite. Three bedrooms are ensuite, including a 1,000 sq. ft. primary with soaking tub, fireplace, and walk-in closet. A den doubles as a 5th BR with 4 bunks. Features 2 kitchens, Game & Movie Rooms, Historic Bar Room, pool table, Bose surround sound, and a 1,000 sq. ft. terrace with fire table. Steps from Nashville’s best nightlife. ☆A FEW EXTRAS: Ask about other Printers Alley Lofts for groups or more space.

The space
★ THE PRINTERS ALLEY PENTHOUSE ★

Step into the crown jewel of Printers Alley Lofts—a 10,000 sq. ft., two-level Penthouse in the heart of downtown Nashville. Set in a historic 1890 building stretching 176 feet long by 28 feet wide, this one-of-a-kind residence blends grandeur and character, featuring exposed brick walls, soaring 12’ ceilings, and original hardwood floors.

☆ The Penthouse features 4 bedrooms, 5.5 bathrooms, plus a den that doubles as a 5th bedroom with custom-built bunk beds (two queen, two full). Three bedrooms are ensuite for ultimate comfort and privacy.

☆ The 1,000 sq. ft. primary bedroom is its own sanctuary, complete with a sitting area, fireplace, soaking tub, and a “Sex and the City”-style walk-in closet overlooking downtown. A 75” TV with Bose surround sound makes the space as indulgent as it is stylish.

☆ To top it off, a spacious balcony overlooking Printers Alley offers the perfect outdoor retreat, complete with a fire table and private dog grass area—a rare luxury in the heart of downtown Nashville.

★ ENTERTAINMENT HIGHLIGHTS

☆ Game Room with pool table and air hockey
☆ Movie Room with large-screen Smart TV and surround sound
☆ Historic Bar Room for hosting and entertaining
☆ Music Room with piano and a half bath featuring an infinity optical illusion mirror
☆ Themed spaces like the Tour Bus Bunk Bedroom, a Nashville-inspired favorite

★ ADDTIONAL AMENITIES 

☆ Two fireplaces (living area + primary bedroom)
☆ Two full kitchens (including a chef’s kitchen with premium appliances)
☆ 7 Smart TVs throughout.
☆ Step outside to your 1,000 sq. ft. private terrace with fire table, lounge seating, and dog grass area, all overlooking the energy of world-famous Printers Alley.

Spanning an entire city block between Printers Alley and 3rd Avenue North, this Penthouse isn’t just a place to stay—it’s a landmark Nashville experience, steps from Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, fine dining, and live music.

★ A FEW EXTRAS TO KEEP IN MIND!

We offer 10 unique lofts at Printers Alley Lofts, all listed on Airbnb. If your preferred dates are unavailable or you’re traveling with a larger group, you can book multiple lofts either within the building or next door in our adjoining Printers Alley Lofts building to accommodate everyone.

☆ 1 Bedrooms (max 4 guests): Flat Loft, Suite Loft, Studio Loft (sleep sofa in living area)
☆ 2 Bedrooms (max 6 guests | Deluxe PH up to 8 guests): City Loft Penthouse, Penthouse, Deluxe Penthouse
☆ 4 Bedrooms (max 12 guests): Grand Loft, Urban Loft, Printers Alley Penthouse
☆ 5 Bedrooms (max 12 guests): Gallery Loft (back living area sectional sofa includes two twin mattresses)

★ Printers Alley Lofts – FAQ

Q: CAN WE CHECK IN EARLY OR CHECK OUT LATE?
A: When possible, yes. Because we receive many last-minute bookings, we can only confirm availability the night before your arrival or departure.

Q: CAN YOU STORE OUR LUGGAGE IF EARLY CHECK-IN ISN’T AVAILABLE?
A: Yes. We’re happy to store your luggage when early check-in or late checkout isn’t possible. Availability will be confirmed the evening before.

Q: IT’S A 4-BEDROOM LOFT—HOW CAN IT SLEEP 12 PEOPLE?
A: Our rates are based on double occupancy—two guests per bedroom. This four-bedroom loft includes a base rate for up to 10 guests. There is also a den that serves as a 5th bedroom with four bunk beds (two queen bunks and two full bunks). We can accommodate up to 12 guests total, with the two additional guests at $100 per person, per night, plus taxes.

Q: IS PARKING INCLUDED?
A: Parking is not included, but several secure garages are within walking distance (average $45/24 hrs). Our property manager can point out nearby options at check-in.

Q: DO YOU OFFER ADDITIONAL LOFTS?
A: Yes! We have multiple lofts in the building and next door, ranging from 1–5 bedrooms. Perfect for groups needing more space. Printers Alley Lofts includes 10 lofts housed in two adjoining buildings on Printers Alley—8 are located in one building, and 2 are in the adjoining building right next door.

Q: HOW DO I CHECK IN?
A: Check-in instructions will be sent prior to arrival. Our property manager will greet you and assist with any questions.

Q: IN ADDITION TO THE NIGHTLY RENTAL, WHAT OTHER FEES ARE CHARGED BY PRINTERS ALLEY LOFTS?
A: In addition to the nightly rate, there is a one-time departure cleaning fee, as well as required state and local taxes. Current tax charges are:
Tax – 0.5% Davidson County Local Options Sales Tax Surcharge
Tax – 7% Davidson County Sales Tax
Tax – 9.25% Tennessee State Sales Tax
Tax – $2.50 per night Tennessee Occupancy Tax
We do not add resort fees or hidden charges—only the above apply.

Q: IS THERE A DAMAGE DEPOSIT. 
A: Yes, we place a $500 pre-authorization hold on your card before arrival. It works just like a hotel—nothing is charged unless there’s damage, and if all is well, the hold is released shortly after checkout.

Q: ARE YOU AFFILIATED WITH MARKETING CHANNEL FEES?
A: No. If your inquiry came through a marketing channel, their service fees are strictly between you and them. We are not affiliated with their charges.

Q: DO YOU HAVE A GYM ON SITE?
A: We do not have a gym. However, several gyms in downtown Nashville offer day passes for out-of-town guests. QNTM Fit Life offers 1–2 day passes and weekly options, and Anytime Fitness allows drop-in visits. Printers Alley Lofts is not affiliated with these gyms.

Q: DO YOU HAVE A POOL OR GRILL?
A: Printers Alley Lofts does not offer a pool. Some lofts do feature a grill and/or private outdoor space:
Gallery Loft – private patio
Grand Loft – private balcony
Printers Alley Penthouse – large terrace with seating and grill
In addition, there is a common area patio with tables and chairs available for all guests of Printers Alley Lofts, located at the entrance of our main Printers Alley Lofts building.

Q: WILL IT BE NOISY SINCE THE LOFTS ARE DOWNTOWN?
A: Our building is located in the heart of Downtown Nashville. While our windows are STC-rated and block most noise, some city sounds may still be heard. We seldom receive complaints, but want guests to be aware of our central location. We cannot assume responsibility for external factors such as nearby events, construction, or nightlife.

Q: ARE PETS ALLOWED?
A: Dogs only are permitted, with a non-refundable pet fee of $75 per dog plus taxes (maximum of 2 dogs). No other animals are allowed.

Q: WHO HANDLES MAINTENANCE?
A: Printers Alley Lofts is a multi-residential complex where building management oversees amenities, shared spaces, and exterior maintenance. This includes plumbing, electrical, and HVAC. Please note that these items follow building protocols and timelines for resolution.

Q: ARE THERE GROCERY STORES AND LIQUOR STORES NEARBY PRINTERS ALLEY?
A: Yes! Here are the closest options within walking distance or a quick drive from the lofts:
GROCERY STORES
Savi Provisions – 0.2 miles (4-min walk)
Whole Foods – 0.7 miles (15-min walk / 5-min drive)
Publix – 1.0 mile (20-min walk / 6-min drive)
Corner Market (mini-mart) – 0.2 miles (4-min walk)
LIQUOR STORES
Music City Wine & Spirits – 0.2 miles (4-min walk)
Metropolitan Wines – 0.3 miles (5-min walk)
SoBro Wine & Spirits – 0.5 miles (10-min walk / 3-min drive)
The Library Fine Wine & Spirits – 0.4 miles (8-min walk)
Frugal MacDoogal Warehouse – 1.0 mile (20-min walk / 5-min drive)

Q. WHAT TYPE OF COFFEE MAKER IS THERE?
A. We have a traditional drip coffee maker in each loft with a reusable mesh filter (not a Keurig).

Guest access
★ Our property manager will personally greet you at check-in and share tips about the loft and Nashville.

★ You’ll set your own private access code—secure, keyless entry with no keys to worry about.

★ Guests enjoy the entire loft privately.

Other things to note
★ FEATURES & AMENITIES

☆ 10,000 sq. ft. of Luxury Living – Two levels of stunning space in a historic 1890 building.
☆ 4 Bedrooms / 5.5 Bathrooms – Three bedrooms ensuite with full baths for ultimate comfort.
☆ Den as Flexible 5th Bedroom – Can serve as an extra bedroom, featuring four bunk beds (2 queen, 2 full).
☆ 1,000 sq. ft. Primary Suite – Massive “Sex and the City”–style walk-in closet, soaking tub, sitting area, fireplace, and sweeping downtown views.
☆ Two Kitchens – Main chef’s kitchen with premium appliances + a secondary kitchen for added convenience.
☆ Game Room – Pool table, air hockey, and lounge seating for hours of entertainment.
☆ Movie Room – Large-screen TV with surround sound for cinematic nights in.
☆ Historic Bar Room – Perfect for cocktails and gatherings.
☆ Bose Surround Sound – Premium audio in the living area, movie room, and primary suite.
☆ Two Fireplaces – One in the primary bedroom suite, another for added ambiance in the main living area.
☆ 1,000 sq. ft. Private Terrace – Fire table, seating, and dog grass area overlooking Printers Alley.
☆ Architectural Charm – High ceilings, exposed brick, and original hardwood floors.
☆ Complimentary High-Speed Wi-Fi – Stay connected during your stay.
☆ 7 Smart TVs Throughout – Entertainment in every major room.
☆ Unbeatable Downtown Location – Steps to Nashville’s best dining, nightlife, and live music venues.
☆ Concierge Services Available – Local recommendations, reservations, and guest support.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sleep With Us Properties LLC
Host User ID: 713317515
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/713317515
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 95%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
66 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting