URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/46618956
Latitude: 36.1582
Longitude: -86.815
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Affordable Nashville Getaway | Budget-Friendly Studio for 4

The space
Stylish Comfort in a Prime Location

Welcome to E-301, a modern and inviting studio in the Endeavor at City Heights complex. This thoughtfully designed space is ideal for couples, small families, or a group of friends looking for a budget-friendly stay in Nashville without sacrificing comfort. With stylish furnishings, cozy sleeping arrangements, and a prime location near the city's most exciting attractions, you'll have everything you need for a memorable stay.

Nestled just half a mile from Centennial Park, home to the iconic Parthenon and Centennial SportsPlex, this studio places you near top Nashville hotspots. Vanderbilt University, West End dining, and vibrant neighborhoods like Hillsboro Village, Music Row, and The Gulch are all within 2.5 miles. Just 3 miles away, Broadway’s famous Honky Tonks, the Country Music Hall of Fame, and the Ryman Auditorium await your visit.

Why You’ll Love This Space:

✔ Queen Bed & Built-in Twin Bunk Beds – Cozy and convenient sleeping arrangements for up to four guests. 

✔ Full Kitchen – Equipped with all utensils, cookware, a dishwasher, refrigerator, stove, oven, and microwave. 

✔ Smart TV & High-Speed WiFi – Enjoy your favorite shows and stay connected. 

✔ In-Unit Washer & Dryer – Freshen up your wardrobe during longer stays. 

✔ Coffee Maker – Start your day right with K-Cup and traditional coffee options. 

✔ Heating & AC – Stay comfortable no matter the season. 

✔ Full-Length Mirror – A small but essential touch for getting ready. 

✔ Secure Keyless Entry – Hassle-free self-check-in. 

✔ Safety First – Carbon monoxide and smoke detectors included.

Parking:

• One dedicated parking space is provided. Additional parking is not available.

Important Notes:

• This home is located on the third floor, accessible only by stairs. There is no elevator in the building. 

• We provide a custom digital guidebook with exclusive discounts at local businesses! 

• This property features discreet noise monitoring to maintain a peaceful environment without compromising guest privacy.

Explore Nashville – Nearby Attractions:

• Centennial Park & The Parthenon – 0.5 miles 

• Midtown/Vanderbilt – 1 mile 

• Music Row – 2 miles 

• The Gulch – 2.5 miles 

• Germantown – 2.5 miles 

• Bridgestone Arena – 2.5 miles 

• Broadway Honky Tonks – 3 miles 

• Country Music Hall of Fame – 3 miles 

• Nissan Stadium – 3 miles 

• 12 South – 4 miles • Nashville Airport – 11 miles

Nearby Restaurants & Bars:

•Frothy Monkey (12 South) – 0.3 mi. A neighborhood all-day café serving specialty coffee, breakfast, lunch, and dinner with craft beer, wine, and cocktails.

•The Mockingbird – 0.5 mi. A modern diner offering classic American comfort food with a global spin, plus cocktails, in a hip space.

•Burger Republic – 0.6 mi. A gourmet burger joint known for its creative burgers, craft beers, and casual vibe, great for a laid-back meal with friends.

•Milk & Honey – 0.7 mi. A stylish café offering gourmet coffee, fresh pastries, and a cozy atmosphere, perfect for a relaxed start to your day.

•The Pub Nashville – 1.1 mi. A British-style pub offering classic fare, a wide selection of beers, and a lively atmosphere, great for a casual lunch or dinner.

Nearby Music & Event Venues:

• Marathon Music Works – 1.5 miles 

• Ascend Amphitheater – 5.5 miles 

• Grand Ole Opry – 14 miles 

• Opryland – 13 miles 

• Ryman Auditorium – 2.5 miles

Book Your Stay:

Enjoy a stylish and budget-friendly home base for your Nashville adventure. Whether you're here for music, sightseeing, or just a weekend away, this cozy and well-equipped studio makes exploring the city effortless. Book now and experience the best of Music City without breaking the bank!

Meet the Hosts

iTrip Nashville is a dedicated vacation rental company based in Nashville, TN. Our team is committed to providing a five-star experience for the guests we have the honor of hosting. From spotless spaces to seamless check-ins, we ensure that every detail is covered upon your arrival. We’re available 24/7 to assist as needed. Be our guests and allow us to help you create unforgettable memories in Nashville.

Love this property but your dates aren’t available? Reach out to us! We manage a variety of unique rentals across the area and would be happy to recommend another property that fits your needs.

Metro Nashville and Davidson County Permit: 2020followedby072053

Other things to note
Please note that we may collect additional information from you after confirming your booking (usually an email address) in order to comply with local regulations and to provide the best possible experience.

Regulatory Information

2020_072053

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ITrip Nashville
Host User ID: 260899725
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/260899725
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
iTrip Vacations Nashville is a locally owned business that works very hard to provide world-class guest experiences for tens of thousands of guests each year.

Kevin and the entire iTrip staff loves all things Music City and enjoys interacting with visitors and creating wonderful memories for all who travel here or locals getting out and about. 

Please ask if you need anything.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
3662 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting