URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1077800720261872790
Latitude: 36.138
Longitude: -86.7776
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Private en-suite bedrooms, a rooftop lounge, and shuffleboard make The Banjo at Lynwood Row the perfect Nashville getaway. This stylish three-story townhome features a gourmet kitchen, spacious gathering areas, rooftop dining and games, and thoughtfully designed spaces for relaxing after a day in Music City. Just 1.5 miles from Broadway, it's perfect for family vacations, group getaways, celebrations, and unforgettable Nashville adventures. 🌆

The space
Things You'll Love:
◆ Centrally located in the heart of Nashville, 5 minutes to the Gulch!
◆ Expansive rooftop with a cozy lounge, dining area, and a variety of games
◆ Fully equipped, modern kitchen
◆ Smart TVs in every room with access to various streaming services
◆ High speed Wi-Fi
◆ Washer + Dryer
◆ Cozy living room with shuffleboard
◆ Beautiful dining room
◆ Shared parking pad and plenty of street parking

Sleeping Arrangements:
First Floor:
◆ Bedroom 1 - King Bed + Twin Rollaway Bed + Ensuite Bathroom
◆ Bedroom 2 -  2 Queen-size Bunk Beds (4 queen beds) + Ensuite Bathroom

Second Floor:
Main living space

Third Floor:
◆ Bedroom 3 - King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom
◆ Bedroom 4 - Queen Bed + Ensuite Bathroom

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

If you're hosting a large group and need extra space, consider booking The Acoustic and The Banjo together to accommodate your needs.
airbnb.com/h/acousticandbanjonashville

Thank you for considering The Banjo for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible

Other things to note
Security: For your safety and the security of the property, this home is equipped with exterior security cameras and internal noise decibel monitors. These devices do not record conversations.

Please note: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

Registration Details
2023097922

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5412 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting