URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1739250462375912680
Latitude: 36.16135977278645
Longitude: -86.77605386284226
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Key Note, a 2BR downtown Nashville stay inside the historic Saddlery Building, just 2 min from Broadway and an easy walk to Printer’s Alley. Brick-and-beam character, exposed brick, a full kitchen, open living area, smart TV, and sleeper sofa make it easy to gather before and after the night out.

🎸 Broadway + Printer’s Alley nearby
🧱 Historic brick-and-beam setting
🛏️ King, full bed + sleeper sofa

The space
Set inside the historic Saddlery Building, Key Note pairs downtown Nashville's original brick-and-beam character with a fresh, design-minded interior — a rare combination just a two-minute walk from the neon glow of Broadway. It's the kind of address that lets you leave the car parked: the honky-tonks, the hidden bars of Printers Alley, and Luke Combs' Category 10 right across the way are all an easy stroll from your door.

Inside, an open-concept living space sets a relaxed, social tone. An exposed brick accent wall anchors the room and gives it that unmistakable urban-loft feel, while a comfortable lounge and smart TV make it a natural spot to gather before you head out — or a soft landing when you drift back in. The coffee table pulls double duty as card-game headquarters, and a sleeper sofa quietly adds room for a sixth guest.

The kitchen is fully equipped and genuinely useful, whether you're plating something ambitious or reheating a late-night slice. You've got stainless steel appliances and a full run of essentials — fridge, dishwasher, single oven, four-burner stove, microwave, and toaster — plus a kitchen island with bar seating for four that tends to become the center of gravity. A small table for two is ideal for morning coffee (the drip maker comes stocked) and mapping out where the night should go.

Two bedrooms keep the group well rested. The primary features a king bed; the second, a full-size bed — and together with the living-room sleeper sofa, Key Note comfortably sleeps six. A full bathroom with a shower/tub combo and a separate half bath keep the morning rush civilized.

A few honest notes: the unit sits on the building's third floor, with an elevator on site. And because you're truly in the heart of downtown, expect the soundtrack of a city that never quite sits still — music from nearby bars, the occasional siren, the hum of a place that's always mid-song. Paid parking is available in nearby lots and along the street.

Step outside and the best of Music City is a short walk away: the stages of Ole Red, Chiefs, and Robert's Western World; the Johnny Cash Museum and the Country Music Hall of Fame; Bridgestone Arena when the Predators are home; and the tucked-away cocktail rooms of Printers Alley for something a little quieter. A few minutes by car puts you in the Gulch, Germantown, or Music Row, with Vanderbilt, Centennial Park, and the Grand Ole Opry not much farther out.

In the heart of downtown Nashville, The Saddlery puts you within a few blocks of both Broadway and Printer's Alley — one of the most walkable, most coveted addresses in the city. This is downtown the way you'd actually want to do it: live music and honky-tonks one direction, tucked-away bars and late-night eateries the other, rooftop views and local favorites filling in everywhere between. Inside, thoughtfully designed units give you somewhere just as good to come back to — a place to slow down and regroup between the nights out. And when the whole crew's in town, units can be booked together, so larger groups can spread out while staying right next door to one another.

Please note: Photos are representative of the property's quality and style. Individual units may vary slightly in layout, decor, and aesthetic details.

AvantStay provides an upscale experience with services that elevate your stay and save time so you can enjoy every moment. Guests have access to a 24/7 support team and a tech-enabled concierge to book services, such as fridge stocking, mid-stay cleanings, and private chefs. For anything you need (or never knew you needed), we're at your service!

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note this unit is located on the 3rd floor of the building; however, an elevator is available onsite.
- This unit is located in the heart of downtown Nashville. Nashville is an energetic place, so guests may experience noises from nearby restaurants, bars, sirens and construction.
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- Local bookings aren't accepted — guests whose primary residence is within two hours of the property can't reserve this home.
- Identity verification (name, address, phone, and photo ID) is required within 48 hours of booking.
- No parties, events, or weddings.
- Starter kits for the kitchen and bathrooms are a courtesy to get your stay going and aren't restocked mid-trip.
- Booking guest must be at least 21 years old.
- The building offers both stair and elevator access to all Saddlery units.
- Please note that individual units may vary slightly in design, location, and views. Photos are representative and may not reflect the exact unit booked.
- There's no washer or dryer in the unit, but a laundromat is located nearby for anyone who needs to freshen up a few things during a longer stay.

Parking Details:
- Paid Parking lots are nearby.
- Paid Street Parking is available.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2020053966

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting