URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1259790670948114722
Latitude: 36.14760353246834
Longitude: -86.81624969277144
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience luxury in this top-floor one-bedroom penthouse in Midtown Nashville’s brand-new Odyssey at the Park. Enjoy stunning city views from the private balcony and walk to iconic spots like Centennial Park and local dining favorites. The unit features a king bed, smart TVs, a fully equipped kitchen, new bedroom blind, and resort-style amenities like a seasonal pool and gym. Perfect for both business and leisure, this penthouse is your ideal home base in Music City.

The space
Welcome to Centennial Penthouse, an exceptional top-floor one-bedroom penthouse located in the vibrant heart of Midtown Nashville. Situated within the brand-new Odyssey at the Park building, this luxurious home offers the perfect combination of comfort and style, ensuring an unforgettable stay. From your private balcony, enjoy sweeping, panoramic views of Music City. Whether you’re sipping your morning coffee or enjoying an evening nightcap, the expansive balcony provides a front-row seat to the city's breathtaking skyline and vibrant energy, creating a serene yet dynamic atmosphere.

Centennial Penthouse’s prime location puts you just steps away from some of Nashville’s most iconic attractions. A short two-block walk takes you to Centennial Park, featuring lush greenery, scenic walking trails, and the famous Parthenon replica. Midtown is also a haven for food lovers, with a wide variety of restaurants, bars, cafes, and local eateries nearby. For music enthusiasts, Nashville’s legendary honky-tonks and live music venues are just a five-minute drive away. Additionally, the penthouse is located within close proximity to Vanderbilt Medical Center, making it a convenient and comfortable choice for those visiting the area for medical appointments or treatments.

Inside, the living area exudes both luxury and coziness, bathed in natural light streaming through expansive floor-to-ceiling windows. Plush seating provides the perfect spot to unwind and enjoy your favorite shows on the smart TV. Sophisticated gold and beige decor create a warm and stylish ambiance, while the private balcony invites you to relax and take in the breathtaking city views.

The open-concept kitchen is fully equipped with essential cookware and utensils, making meal preparation easy and enjoyable. Whether you’re cooking a light breakfast, a late-night snack, or simply enjoying local takeout, this kitchen is ready for every culinary need. Its seamless connection to the living area makes it an ideal space for entertaining or relaxing.

The bedroom offers a peaceful retreat after a day of exploring. It features a plush king-sized bed, a smart TV, and a spacious walk-in closet. The en-suite bathroom includes a shower and tub combination and connects to the living area through a convenient Jack-and-Jill layout, adding to the overall functionality and comfort of the space.

As a guest of Odyssey, you’ll enjoy exclusive access to a range of resort-style amenities. These include a sparkling pool with sun loungers and BBQ grills, perfect for summer relaxation, and a state-of-the-art fitness center to maintain your workout routine during your stay. Centennial Penthouse is thoughtfully adorned with lavish gold furnishings, evoking a sense of grandeur inspired by the Olympian gods. This blend of warmth and sophistication ensures an unforgettable experience, whether you’re enjoying a nightcap under the city lights or stepping out to explore Nashville’s vibrant attractions.

Sleeping arrangements include a primary bedroom with a king-sized bed, smart TV, a walk-in closet, and an en-suite bathroom featuring a shower/tub combination with Jack-and-Jill access to the living area.

Whether you’re visiting for business, leisure, or medical needs, Centennial Penthouse offers the perfect home base for exploring the best of Nashville. Book your stay and let Music City elevate your getaway.

Walking distance to hundreds of Midtown - West End attractions and 5 minutes to Broadway!
1 min: Centennial Park
1 min: The Parthenon
2 mins: Taylor Swift Bench
2 mins: The Local Nashville
2 mins: BrickTop's
2 mins: Bombay Palace
2 mins: Red's Hot Chicken
2 mins: Newk's Eatery
2 mins: Maggiano's Little Italy
2 mins: Starbucks
2 mins: J Alexander's Restaurant
2 mins: SandBar Nashville
2 mins: Avo
2 mins: Vanderbilt University
3 mins: Climb Nashville
4 mins: Tennessee State University 
4 mins: Hillsboro-West End 
5 mins: Broadway
5 mins: Nashville Yards (Amazon HQ2)
5 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
5 mins: Music Row
5 mins: The Nations 
6 mins: Music City Center 
6 mins: RCA Studio 
6 mins: Belmont Mansion
6 mins: McCabe Golf Club
6 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Club
7 mins: Sobro
7 mins: The Gulch
7 mins: Germantown 
7 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum 
7 mins: Patterson
8 mins: Nissan Stadium
8 mins: Bridgestone Arena 
8 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
9 mins: Martin's Bar-B-Que
9 mins: Top Golf
9 mins: 12 South District 
10 mins: Geodis Park
12 mins: Nashville Zoo
17 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Guest access
You have access to the entire condo and use of the building amenities including pool, gym and business center.

Other things to note
Please review the house rules. We have a strict no party rule and the HOA and neighbors will call the police in the event of a party in the condo.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kristin
Host User ID: 545497351
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/545497351
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Houston, Texas
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
253 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting