URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/15113339
Latitude: 36.19511
Longitude: -86.74962
rental_type: Entire bungalow
property_type: BUNGALOW
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
PETS WELCOME 💜 Backyard is fully fenced (6 foot) for dogs.

House is on the 56 bus line going to Nissan Stadium (2.3 miles away), pedestrian bridge to Broadway, etc. 

My adorable *renovated* '50s cottage has space for 4 (queen, twin, floor twin, pack n play for baby). Located in hip East Nashville in the heart of the city, but in a quiet neighborhood on a dead end street. Walking distance to bars, coffee shops and eateries. 

5 minute drive to 5 points and 8-12 minutes  to downtown!

The space
Merely 1.6 miles (5 min) from fun 5 Points, Riverside Village and Eastland and Porter areas, and 4 miles (12 min) from Broadway in downtown Nashville. Sits on the 56 bus line.

Rent the whole cottage to easily accommodate 3 adult travelers in dedicated beds (1 queen, 1 twin). Add more guests up to 4 adult people total if your group is comfortable with adding for sleeping arrangements the living room couch or a temperpedic twin size floor mattress provided for you. The maximum adult travelers allowed is 4.

Families with small children I am open to creative problem solving etc.  and understand that may mean more extra tiny humans. I have 1 pack-n'-play you can use that’s in the primary closet, you will need to set up and then take down and return to closet please.

The sunny office/ twin bedroom is sure to help you on your quick WFH check ins with the office during your stay.

The primary has a queen bed furnished with West Elm pieces and antiques. This room is a tranquil respite from city life--quiet and cozy.

In 2026 I renovated to add a full-size washer/dryer 2-in-1 to the home. 

All rooms have overhead fans in the house, and there is central AC/Heat too. I am pleased to stock your bathroom with bath products including shampoo, body wash, and conditioner.

Enjoy the deck and patio looking out on my large yard, an oasis of peace and just perfect for your morning cup of coffee or evening sunset glass of wine or bourbon. The deck is also a great spot to read a book, write a song, or practice yoga!  

Please note that the deck gets sap and leaves falling on it during autumn from the trees— a broom in the kitchen is available for your use and there are always cleaning sprays as well! It is impossible for me to keep the deck immaculate for each guest, but this Airbnb is priced accordingly with imperfections like that in mind. Yard is fully fenced, 6 foot.

*This is a pet friendly listing— you can definitely bring a pet with you but please do let me know in advance.

This house was my primary residence for many years before becoming full-time Airbnb. It is lived in and not a sterile hotel environment, but rather a cozy and cared for normal home. If you are looking for a brand new modern luxury experience...look elsewhere than my sweet home built in 1952. Please know yourself and your needs, and don't stay here if this home will not be a fit for you and your lifestyle. 

If you have dog allergies, please do not book my rental--the house will be clean but it's impossible for me to guarantee zero pet hair might be found somewhere, when this is a pet-friendly listing and two dogs lived here full-time for many years too in the past! I'd hate for a guest with terrible allergies to have a bad experience.

Guest access
-Free parking
-French Press or regular coffee machine or tea  daily, if desired 
-Wifi
-shampoo, conditioner and soaps
-Private deck and fully fenced backyard with various tables and seating areas 
-In winter (when trees are leafless) you can snag a bit of skyline view from the property
-has laundry unit
-has 1  pack n play for baby/toddler

Other things to note
For the visiting dog owners— yard is fully fenced and 6 feet high.

I live in an apartment on the property but physically separated from the house. I give guests their privacy in the house and backyard! I do not have any dogs any longer so you’ve got the yard to yourself. Sometimes I foster puppies but don’t use the backyard for them.

Want to check out the house? Take a peek and also share your pics with me on IG at sweeteastnashvillecottage. I’ve documented lots of renovation but haven’t updated in a few years there and need to.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sara
Host User ID: 7187459
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/7187459
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am an educator, writer, painter, dog mom, and traveling devotee. I am a Latin dancer y hablo español. I've been in Nashville for 11 years and love my city. I have met wonderful friends from Airbnb travel and hosting and love sharing Music City with my guests!
My work: Educator
Most useless skill: Pronouncing Middle English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
452 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting