URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1706280397900081465
Latitude: 36.1786
Longitude: -86.7572
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 6
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy exclusive access to this side by side East Nashville duplex home —perfect for large groups, family reunions, bachelor/bachelorette trips, and friends traveling together. Located less than 10 minutes from Broadway and 5 minutes from Nissan Stadium, you'll have plenty of space to gather while enjoying privacy across two separate homes. Walk to local restaurants, bars, and coffee shops, then relax in the fenced backyard featuring a cowboy-style plunge pool, seating, and string lights.

The space
This combined listing includes two side-by-side 3-bedroom, 2.5-bathroom homes, giving your group exclusive access to:

6 Bedrooms
4 Full Bathrooms
2 Half Bathrooms
2 Fully Equipped Kitchens
2 Living Rooms
2 Dining Areas
2 Laundry Areas

Fenced Backyard with Cowboy Dipping Pool

With a total of 10 beds, the property comfortably accommodates up to 18 guests.

Whether you're gathering for a wedding weekend, family vacation, concert trip, sporting event, or group getaway, this setup provides the ideal balance of shared space and privacy.

Key Features

⭐ Exclusive access to two neighboring homes
⭐ Sleeps up to 18 guests
⭐ 6 bedrooms and 6 bathrooms total (4 full, 2 half)
⭐ 10 total beds
⭐ Prime Location: Under 10 minutes to Broadway
⭐ 5 minutes to Nissan Stadium
⭐ Walkable to local favorite bars, restaurants, and coffee shops
⭐ Cowboy-style plunge pool
⭐ Fully fenced backyard
⭐ Pet friendly (additional fee applies)
⭐ Two fully equipped kitchens
⭐ Two living rooms with Smart TVs
⭐ Two laundry areas
⭐ Driveway parking for up to 4 vehicles
⭐ Bathrooms stocked with shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and essentials
⭐ Coffee, creamer, and sugar provided

Expect a five-star stay with us! We’re always available to assist with dining and activity recommendations or help with anything you need during your stay.

📍 Location (Drive Times)
By car (non-peak)
Downtown / Broadway → ~8 min
Bridgestone Arena → ~10 min
Nissan Stadium → ~5 min
The Gulch → ~12 min
12 South → ~15 min
Vanderbilt → ~15 min
Music Row → ~15 min
BNA Airport → ~15 min
GEODIS Park → ~15 min

🚶‍♂️‍➡️Walkable Spots:
- Waymore's rooftop bar
- Hawkers Asian Street Food
- Greko Greek Street Food
- Haraz Coffee House
- Lakeside Lounge
- Smith & Lentz Brewing & Pizza
- And many more! 5 Points (popular restaurant/bar district) is under a 15 minute walk away!

🛌 SLEEPING & BATHROOMS

Home - A

Bedroom 1 (Second Floor):
2 Queen beds (queen over queen bunk); attached jack and jill full bathroom

Bedroom 2 (Second Floor):
King bed; attached jack and jill full bath shared with Bedroom 1

Bedroom 3 (Second Floor):
King bed; private en suite full bathroom

Full Bathroom 1: Jack and jill bathroom between Bedroom 1 & 2
Full Bathroom 2: En-suite full bathroom attached to Bedroom 3
Half Bathroom 1: powder room on first floor off of kitchen

Home - B

Bedroom 4 (Second Floor):
2 Queen beds (queen over queen bunk) + 2 Twin beds (twin over twin bunk);  attached jack and jill full bathroom

Bedroom 5 (Second Floor):
King bed; attached jack and jill full bath shared with Bedroom 1

Bedroom 6 (Second Floor):
King bed; private en suite full bathroom

Full Bathroom 1: Jack and jill bathroom between Bedroom 4 & 5
Full Bathroom 2: En-suite full bathroom attached to Bedroom 6

Half Bathroom 2: powder room on first floor off of kitchen

TOTAL: 10 beds total accommodating up to 18 guests.
- 4 King
- 4 Queen
- 2 Twin

Living, Dining & Kitchens

- Each home includes:
- Open-concept living room
- Smart TV
- Fully equipped kitchen
- Dining area
- Laundry area

Having two separate kitchens and living rooms gives larger groups extra flexibility and space throughout their stay.

🌿 OUTDOOR SPACE
The fenced backyard serves as a shared outdoor gathering area for your group and includes:

- Cowboy-style plunge pool
- Patio seating
- String lights

Space for pets and outdoor relaxation
Perfect for enjoying Nashville mornings, afternoon breaks, or evening gatherings.

🐶 PETS

Up to two dogs per home are allowed with a fee of $150 per dog.

Pets must be disclosed prior to arrival and are not permitted on furniture. Guests are responsible for cleaning up after their pets.

Pet Cleanup:
Guests are responsible for cleaning up after their pets. Guests will be charged a $25 fee per pile of waste left in the yard

Guest access
Guests will have exclusive access to both homes and the shared backyard during their stay.
Self check-in is provided through keypad entry.

Other things to note
Minimum age to book per Nashville law is 21. Host reserves the right to request ID verification.
Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. Keep exterior noise down and adhere to quiet hours of 10pm–8am.

NO SMOKING of any kind inside the home or on the patio.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brendan
Host User ID: 396058414
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/396058414
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm originally from Annapolis, MD but Nashville has become home for me. 

I enjoy sports, especially football, and exploring everything Nashville has to offer with friends on the weekends. Let me know if you need any recommendations!

I look forward to welcoming guests and helping make their stay as enjoyable as possible.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Davidson College
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
730 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting