URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1572727433392322601
Latitude: 36.1327
Longitude: -86.7656
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Newly redesigned townhouse end unit next to Geodis Park and the Nashville fairground. Conveniently located in the trendy WeHo area, this 2,225 square foot home is close to Nashville's newest restaurant scene as well and only 2.3 miles to Broadway. Honky tonks not your thing? No problem as this unit is located within a short 5 minute drive to the Gulch, 12th South, and Vanderbilt neighborhoods.

The space
Please enjoy our newly redecorated 4 bedroom, 3.5 bath, three story townhouse on Wedgewood Ave. There is a total of one king, two queen beds, and two full beds accommodating 10 adults. This spacious end-unit has a converted garage/game room featuring ping pong table, seating, and smart tv, so simply open the garage door for easy Nashville Soccer tailgating. There is room for two parked cars behind garage.

House Features:
- Comfy 12-inch Memory Foam Mattresses  in All Bedrooms
- Fully Equipped Kitchen with Cookware (+ Coffee Maker with Local Coffee, Creamers, Sugars & Light Snacks)
- Dining Table & Island Seating
- Open & Spacious Living Room with Smart TV + Private Balcony
- Brand New, Full-Size Washer & Dryer
- Parking for 4 cars *2 in the garage & 2 directly in front*
- Fresh Bed Linens & Towels for Each Guest, plus Travel-Size Shampoos & Shower Gel
- Ample Supplies Included: toilet paper, paper towels, trash bags, laundry pods, hair dryers, iron & ironing board

THE LAYOUT
Level One (Entrance - no steps from garage)
Bedroom 1: King bed w/ en suite full bathroom
Garage: Bonus room with TV, couch and ping pong table

Level Two (Main Floor):
Open Kitchen + Living Room w/ 2 Convertible twin sleeper chairs
Private Balcony

Level Three:
Bedroom 2: 2 Full Beds w/ en suite full bathroom
Bedroom 3: Queen Bed
Bedroom 4: Queen Bed
Full Bathroom with access from Bedroom 3 + Bedroom 4 (Jack & Jill Style)

THE LOCATION
☕ Steps away from Barista Parlor coffee, Geodis Park, and the Nashville Fairgrounds
🎤 Walk to local favorites like Santa’s Pub and Good Times Bar in under 10 minutes
🍽️ Top dining right in the neighborhood: Bastion, Iggy’s, + the newly opened Pastis
🍻 Surrounded by breweries, coffee shops, and art galleries

You'll be a very quick Uber / Lyft from 12 South, The Gulch, Downtown Broadway, and East Nashville.

Other things to note
A lot of time, care, and money has been put into this home that I LOVE. I only want to have the best guests who will respect my property AND my neighbors. Not looking for rowdy crowds to stay here!

*PLEASE NOTE: Absolutely NO decorations may be adhered to the walls, fixtures or furniture. Failure to follow this will result in a fine!

*HOUSE RULES/AGREEMENT MADE UPON BOOKING*

A great deal of passion went into decorating our Nashville home so that it would be both beautiful to behold and beautiful to experience for ALL. We assume all of our guests will be respectful and excellent, but we still want to make sure you understand our rules and expectations so we're all on the same page. Please help us preserve our house for yours and others' future stays by accepting these rules before you book:
-There is NO smoking allowed inside the property. If smoking outdoors, please keep doors and windows closed so the smell does not enter the house.
- Absolutely NO pets whatsoever allowed ON or IN the property. We and other guests have severe pet allergies, and we want to keep this property pet free.
-Absolutely NO major parties. If you're looking to book our place to throw a party, this is not the home for you. We're ok with small celebrations with the allotted number of guests allowed/booked for (no more than 12).
-Guests may not sit on or lean over balcony or rooftop deck railing.
-Guests must use provided handrails when using stairs.
-Decorations: Absolutely NO GLITTER and NO CONFETTI. Any decorations you put up must all be taken down including any tape residue. Any tape residue or damage found on walls due to your decorations may result in being charged.
-Please leave the house in the condition you entered it in. THE CLEANING FEE DOES NOT COVER EXCESSIVE MESS. The cleaning fee is to cover the expense hiring our awesome cleaner to clean all linens, kitchen, bathrooms, living areas, dusting, and up keeping the house. It does not include her cleaning up after any disrespectful messes left behind. Please follow easy check-out instructions we'll have provided you. If you follow those, you’ll be in good shape.
-Please communicate with us about anything that has been broken during your stay. Any excessive mess or damaged items MAY result in withholding of deposit. We are reasonable people and will understand if accidents happen, but please do not try to "hide" it from us as we want to make sure everything is taken care of or fixed before our next guests come to enjoy our property.
-RESPECTING OUR NEIGHBORHOOD. Remember, you're not renting a hotel room, you're renting a house in a neighborhood where people live. We ask that you respect our neighborhood and neighbors by keeping your exterior noise level down at ALL times during the day. ANY complaints received from our neighbors (whether noise or just being a disturbance in any way) will result in withholding of deposit.

Where you’ll be
Neighborhood highlights
Wedgewood-Houston (WeHo) is one of Nashville’s fastest developing neighborhoods. With easy access to Downtown Nashville, the area is also close to other hotspots such as the Gulch, Edgehill Village, 12 South, Melrose, and Hillsboro Village.

Getting around
Uber and Lyft are GREAT to use in Nashville. They're always about 2 min. away when you are ready to request, and you can get just about anywhere in Nashville for $10 or less. The house is centrally located just minutes away from the Gulch, Broadway, & 12 South. Easy walk or very short Uber to everything! If you have any questions about getting around, please feel free to reach out.

Distance from the following:

-BNA Airport: 8.3 miles (10 min.)
-Music City Center: 2.8 miles (7 min.)
-Downtown Broadway/Bridgestone Arena/The Ryman: 2.8 miles (8 min.)
-Nissan Stadium 3 miles (9 min.)
-12 South 1.8 miles (7 min.)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andy
Host User ID: 63510684
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/63510684
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Franklin, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
29 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting