URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1526076395795554492
Latitude: 36.17587106239906
Longitude: -86.75132847674892
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
One block from East Nashville's best- Five Points, so dinner, drinks, coffee and live music are a walk, not a ride. Behind the gate: a heated pool, cedar sauna, cold plunge, gym and a firepit lounge shared with the resort, plus your own private rooftop deck. Inside, four king bedrooms, four full baths, a chef's kitchen and space for ten. Seven minutes to Broadway when you want it, quiet when you don't. Free covered parking.

The space
East Nashville, on foot.

Noa Nashville 1 sits at the corner of 10th and Fatherland, one block from Five Points. Walk out the gate and you are at the restaurants, coffee shops, cocktail bars and music rooms East Nashville is known for. Uber to Lower Broadway runs about seven minutes. Most guests do both: out on foot in the neighborhood, downtown when they want the show, and back to a gated resort that stays quiet.

Nearby, approximate:
📍 1 block to Five Points restaurants, bars and live music
📍 7 min drive to Broadway and downtown
📍 5 min to Nissan Stadium
📍 9 min to Music Row
📍 12 min to Vanderbilt
📍 13 min to Nashville International Airport (BNA)
📍 15 min walk to East Park and the Shelby Park greenway

A resort you share, a home you don't.
The pool, sauna, cold plunge, gym and firepit lounge are steps from your door and shared with the other Noa homes. Your townhome is entirely private, no shared interior spaces.

Resort amenities:

✅ Heated pool (heat included above 60°F; optional paid heat below)
✅ 6-person cedar sauna
✅ Cold plunge
✅ Full gym
✅ Pool pavilion with bar area
✅ Gas firepit lounge with outdoor seating
✅ Outdoor speaker system
✅ Gated, landscaped courtyard

Your rooftop.

The private rooftop deck is the spot for the first coffee and the last drink. Morning sun, evening city glow, no one else's music.

Bedrooms and baths.

Four king bedrooms upstairs, four full baths total, no half baths.

✅ Bedroom 1: King, en-suite bath with walk-in shower
✅ Bedroom 2: King, en-suite bath with walk-in shower
✅ Bedroom 3: King, shared bath with tub
✅ Bedroom 4: King, shared bath with walk-in shower
✅ Living room: Queen sleeper sofa
✅ Pack & Play on request

Every bedroom: pillow-top king, hotel linens, blackout shades, smart TV, and sound-insulated windows. Guests regularly tell us they could not hear the pool from inside.

Kitchen and living.

Full stainless kitchen with cookware, chef's knives, baking gear, blender, toaster, pantry staples and spices, and enough glassware and dishware for a group of ten. Local ground coffee is stocked. Open living and dining on the main floor, plus a full bath on that level. In-unit washer and dryer. 1-gig internet, dedicated workspace.

Parking.

One free covered space plus easy free street parking on the block. Gated property.

From guests who stayed in this home:

"Great location, super walkable. Out of the business of downtown but also just a very short uber away. Lots of restaurants close by. Great area." — Rachael, June 2026

"We had an excellent time at Noa! The house was clean, comfy and spacious! It was easily walkable to several nearby restaurants, which was perfect for our group. We also really enjoyed the roof deck and the pool area. It was a great place to chill and hang, away from the craziness of downtown. Would definitely stay here again!" — Michelle, May 2026

"Our family really enjoyed staying at the Noa Nashville Airbnb! Impeccable place with a ton of amenities and in a great location. We really appreciate the team's flexibility with the check-in and check-out times and just in general how kind and accommodating they were. We LOVED the pool and rooftop deck!" — Catherine, June 2026

Good for: friend groups and bachelorette weekends who want to walk to dinner; families who want the pool; multi-couple trips; groups booking several Noa homes together for a larger event.

STR Permit #2025064771

Guest access
The entire townhome is yours: all bedrooms, baths, kitchen, living areas, private rooftop, and covered parking. Smart-lock self check-in. You also have full use of the resort amenities shared with the other Noa homes: heated pool, sauna, cold plunge, gym, firepit lounge and pool pavilion (seasonal hours). No shared interior spaces.

Other things to note
For your comfort, here are a few details to keep in mind:

 • The home is thoughtfully designed across multiple levels, requiring the use of stairs.
 • Complimentary parking is provided in the private garage and/or driveway.
 • The community offers a full suite of wellness amenities, though hours and availability may vary Other things to note
•	The home is on multiple levels; stairs are required.
•	Pool heat is included when the outdoor temperature is above 60°F. Below that, paid heating is available on request.
•	Quiet hours 10 PM to 7 AM. This is a residential resort with families and other guests.
•	Smoke-free property; a restoration fee applies if smoke is detected.
•	Exterior security cameras on the property, outdoors only.
•	Nashville is growing; you may occasionally hear city or construction noise.
•	Our on-site team is around most days if you need anything.
•	Please follow posted amenity rules. We enforce Airbnb's cancellation policy; travel insurance is recommended.
•	Not pet-friendly. (Pet-friendly Noa homes are available; ask us.)

STR Permit #2025064771

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Noa Nashville
Host User ID: 720995826
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/720995826
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Noa Nashville is a family-owned, East Nashville–based operation built around a property we designed, developed, and built ourselves. We operate these homes with pride and care—because nothing matters more to us than giving you an exceptional experience.
My work: Nothing but Noa!
Most useless skill: Remembering song lyrics (All of them)
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
423 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting