URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1763645538667725761
Latitude: 36.12496
Longitude: -86.76288
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Rise above Nashville in this spacious 2700-square-foot, four-level townhouse that sleeps up to 12. Two king suites with private en-suite baths, two bunk-bed rooms, and a living room sofa bed give every guest their own space. The open living area with fireplace and fully equipped kitchen make the second floor the social hub. Head to the fourth-floor rooftop, unwind in the hot tub, or fire up the BBQ grill. In-home laundry, whole-home WiFi, and a free two-car garage round out the amenities.

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.

ACCESS TYPE:
▻ Guests have access to the entire home.

PROPERTY LAYOUT
FIRST FLOOR
▻ Bedroom 1 — 1 × king bed, smart TV, closet, private en-suite bath
▻ En-Suite Bathroom — shower, bathtub, toilet

SECOND FLOOR
▻ Living Room — smart TV, sofa bed, indoor fireplace, thermostat
▻ Kitchen — stove, oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, garbage disposal, Keurig coffee maker
▻ Half Bathroom — toilet

THIRD FLOOR
▻ Bunk Bedroom 1 (Sliding Door) — 1 × bunk bed (sleeps 2), smart TV
▻ Bunk Bedroom 2 — 1 × bunk bed (sleeps 2), closet
▻ Primary Bedroom — 1 × king bed, smart TV, closet, private en-suite bath
▻ Common Bathroom — shower, toilet, dual vanity
▻ Primary En-Suite Bathroom — shower, toilet, dual vanity
▻ Hallway — thermostat, utility closet

FOURTH FLOOR
▻ Rooftop: Hot tub, Grill, Fireplace, Outdoor seating

HIGHLIGHTS
▻ Fourth-Floor Rooftop
▻ Hot Tub
▻ BBQ Grill
▻ Indoor Fireplace
▻ Two King Suites — Each with Private En-Suite Bath
▻ Two Bunk-Bed Rooms (Ideal for Kids or Groups)
▻ Sleeps Up to 12 — 2700 Square Feet Across 4 Floors
▻ Fully Equipped Kitchen with Keurig
▻ In-Home Washer & Dryer
▻ Free Two-Car Garage Parking

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ Four-Level Townhouse — Stairs Required to Access All Floors

Guest access
PARKING:
▻ Garage parking for 2 cars. Street parking is available in front of the home or garage.

ENTERING THE HOME:
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES:
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee.
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings.
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs.
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500.
▻ NO pets allowed. Undisclosed pets will result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

By booking this property, you agree to follow all rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation.

POLICIES:
▻ Hot Tub Reminder- The hot tub is here for your enjoyment, please take good care of it and follow the rules provided. This helps us keep it clean and ready for everyone. A $500 fee may apply if guidelines aren’t followed.
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available).
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access.
▻ Late Check-Out – Late check-out is not guaranteed and requires host approval. Standard checkout applies unless approved. To guarantee a later stay, book the next night if available. Unauthorized late check-outs incurs violation fees.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ Pet Policy – NO pets allowed. Undisclosed pets will result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.
▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy.
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item)
▻ Cancellation - Cancellation refunds will be based on your booking's cancellation policy
▻ There are exterior cameras installed above the front doors, overlooking the hallway to the entrance. It is on and recording 24/7 to help ensure the safety of you and the property during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1661 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting