URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/25799626
Latitude: 36.1985
Longitude: -86.742
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
A music-themed East Nashville home for groups who want memorable nights in to be just as much fun as their nights out. The Johnny brings the fun home with a rooftop fire pit and grill, karaoke, ping pong, axe throwing, shuffleboard, and stunning Music City murals. Sleep 10 spread across three bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms.  Just minutes from Five Points, Nissan Stadium, and Broadway in a quick ride.

The space
Discover the soul of East Nashville in this one-of-a-kind three-story retreat where music, art, and unforgettable moments come together. Designed for gathering, this beautifully curated home sleeps up to 10 guests and blends vibrant murals, playful entertainment spaces, and elevated comforts around every corner. Challenge your group to ping pong, karaoke, or axe throwing in the game garage, then head upstairs to the crown jewel—a stunning rooftop lounge featuring a custom fire pit, grill, and sweeping city views that glow at sunset. Just minutes from downtown and steps from the beloved Five Points neighborhood, you'll have Nashville's best restaurants, live music, and local culture at your fingertips while enjoying a private sanctuary that feels both energetic and effortlessly relaxing.

Comfortable Accommodation:
- 1st Floor Bedroom 1: One Queen Bed, One Twin Daybed + Full Bath  
- 3rd Floor Bedroom 2: One King Bed, One Twin Sleeper Sofa + Full Bath  
- 3rd Floor Bedroom 3: Two Full Beds + Full Bath  
- Living Room: One Queen Air Mattress  

Interior Feeling:
- Game garage with ping pong, karaoke, and axe throwing  
- Smart TVs for streaming in every bedroom  
- Unique murals throughout the home  

Outdoor Bliss:
- Large furnished rooftop patio with grill
- Custom-built fire pit 
- City views from the rooftop  

Superior Connectivity for Work and Play:
- Complimentary high-speed internet throughout your stay  

Discover East Nashville and Beyond:
Discover the cozy charm of East Nashville! Walk through Shelby Park, where the beautiful landscape offers a serene escape. Spend your evenings with live music at The East Room or The Basement East, and enjoy craft brews at local favorites like East Nashville Beer Works. Enjoy a local favorite cup of coffee from Crema as you explore the neighborhood’s unique shops and boutiques. Just a quick ride from Broadway and downtown, our home places you at the heart of Nashville’s vibrant culture and culinary scene, perfect for your next getaway.

Long-Term Living:
Looking for a comfortable, furnished home in Nashville for an extended stay? Whether you're a digital nomad, college student, or settling in as our newest neighbor, we've got you covered. If you're interested, feel free to reach out to learn more! Please take note that there is a refundable security deposit of $500 charged separately before check-in for any reservations between 22 nights and 6 months, and a deposit of $1,000 charged separately before check-in for any reservations over 6 months.

Permit: 2018_026_219

Guest access
The entire home, garage and the rooftop deck are all yours!

Other things to note
Welcome to our boutique hospitality experience, led by a close-knit team of husband-and-wife duo and their close friends. We've been making dream vacations come true since 2014 and we're thrilled to do the same for you! We choose our properties with care, only offering places we'd love to stay in ourselves. You'll find top local spots around each location and we're always ready to suggest the best picks tailored just for you.

- Check-In: We provide a unique, custom door code for each stay for secure and easy keyless entry.
- Guest Verification: All guests are required to complete an additional guest verification process after booking, which includes signing a liability agreement.
- Local Bookings: We typically do not host local residents. We may inquire about the purpose of your stay and reserve the right to decline bookings.
- Security Deposit: A refundable security deposit is required for longer stays and is charged separately before check-in. The deposit is $500 for reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and $1,000 for reservations over 6 months.
- Child-Friendly Rentals: If you need a pack and play or high chair, please inquire for a unique link to rent these items.
- 24/7 Support: Our team is available around the clock to help with any questions or personalized requests.
- Permit Numbers: 2018_026_219

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Beckon Homes
Host User ID: 6675690
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6675690
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We're the crew at Beckon Homes. We're a small, family-run boutique property management company that works hard to treat our guests like our loved ones by welcoming them into homes and neighborhoods we ourselves would stay in. Our team is on 24/7/365 to ensure you have everything you need, whenever you need it. We can't wait to host you at one of our homes!
My work: making guests comfy
Most useless skill: no skill is useless!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
9907 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting