URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1687018497916257959
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our Burnt Orange Bungalow and experience the vibrant heart of Downtown Nashville at The Burnham Nashville's beautiful apartment building just two blocks from the iconic Lower Broadway.

Please make sure you read all of the house rules if any of the house rules are violated there will be a minimum of $1000 fee assessed which includes smoking of any kind or bringing unauthorized pets.

The space
During your stay, you'll enjoy exclusive access to a range of amenities, including:

★ A 24-hour fitness center with a rock climbing wall
★ An outdoor swimming pool
★ Grills for outdoor cooking
★ A courtyard with inviting firepits
★ The elevated 6th floor Sky Lounge
★ Complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body wash
★ Keurig Coffee Machine with K-cups
★ Convenient in-unit washer and dryer with detergent
★ High-speed internet to stay connected
★ Optional paid garage parking ($30/per night - upon request)
★ Only a 12 min Uber or Lyft from BNA

Our space features 3 beds, 1 queen sized in the bedroom and 2 queens in the main area. Both areas are equipped with 60” smart TVs. While traditional cable TV is not included in your stay, we do provide Roku TV's with apps like Netflix, Prime, Hulu, and more! Feel free to use these services with your own login and enjoy!

The full bathroom has a double sink and walk-in closet. It will be stocked with shampoo & body wash, washcloths, makeup towels, bath towels and pool towels.

There are endless restaurants within walking distance of the building but sometimes a homecooked meal is best! Utilize our full kitchen with pots, pans, mix bowl, and more!

We have parking available for $30 a day that will be paid separately from the final total. We will collect parking payment prior to your arrival.
If you paid for parking you will receive ONE reserved spot in the basement garage and will need the parking pass visible at all times. You must park in your assigned spot.

The pool is available to our guests, but you may not invite anyone other than those staying with you to use it. Since we do not control this part of the community, no refunds or credits will be made to reservations if the pool is not available, whether for routine maintenance, closure for the season, or any other issue. Abusing these privileges may result in eviction from the property. Please feel free to reach out to us before your stay if you have questions about availability.

Guest access
Access your home effortlessly through our keyless smartphone entry system called DOOR (formally known as Latch).  DOOR is our keyless entry system throughout the building which will allow you to access your Airbnb, and all the amenities at The Burnham. We will message after you book requesting your email in order to send you an invite to join DOOR. Once invited, you will be required to set up your account and familiarize yourself with the app before you arrive.

Guests will need an email and mobile smart device to set up an account before your arrival to ensure a smooth check in process.

For your convenience, our Baggage Bellhop service is available onsite seven days a week from 9 AM to 4:30 PM if you arrive early or depart later than your check-out time.

Other things to note
Permit#2018074371
No glass in pool area, including pool deck and balconies overlooking the pool.

While amenities like the pool, gym, The Collective, courtyard and sky lounge are available to all Burnham guests, we have no control over them and their maintenance, repair, or availability. In the event that any of our building amenities becomes unavailable for guests, we assume NO RESPONSIBILITY for any of these amenities prior to or during your stay. By making your reservation you are acknowledging this disclaimer regarding our building amenities and agree unavailability will not be grounds for refund or cancellation of your reservation.

Trash cannot be left outside door - Must be in unit or in garbage chute near Unit 455.

This building is unable to receive any mail or package deliveries as the drivers don’t have building access.  For any food/grocery deliveries you can meet the driver at the main entrance in lobby.  Amazon deliveries would have to picked up at an Amazon pickup location.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Stay Luxe
Host User ID: 510528045
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/510528045
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’m Stay Luxe a 3 year super host who loves to travel!
Where I went to school: Wolfson HS
My work: Airbnb Superhost
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
1314 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting