URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1059337876232735200
Latitude: 36.1756
Longitude: -86.6288
rental_type: Entire villa
property_type: VILLA
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 5
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Copperline Ranch, former home of country legend Kenny Rogers, offers 60 private acres just 10 minutes from Nashville Airport (BNA). 

This luxurious retreat features a whirlpool bath, steam shower, hot tub, pool, tennis court, mini golf, serene ponds, fireplaces, grand piano, and guitars in every room. 

A favorite among Grammy-winning artists and producers, Copperline is where nature meets luxury and inspiration flows.

Our dedicated team ensures a flawless experience. Book your escape today!

The space
The entire estate was masterfully remodeled in 2025, blending modern sophistication with the welcoming warmth of country living. Designed in a refined modern farmhouse style, the home features clean architectural lines, rich natural textures, and upscale finishes throughout.

🏡 Your Private Estate Includes:

• A fully remodeled 5,000 sq ft main house
• 4 bedrooms and 4.5 bathrooms
• Resort-style pool and pool house
• Private putting green and lit tennis court
• Peaceful ponds, waterfall, and manicured gardens
• Walking trails with expansive views across the ranch
• Business center and high-speed Wi-Fi—ideal for remote work
• Chef’s kitchen with Dacor & Wolf appliances, granite countertops, and custom cabinetry
• An extensive coffee station, fresh herb garden, and place settings for up to 12 guests

As the sun sets, the estate is transformed by ambient landscape lighting—creating a magical backdrop for evening walks, stargazing, or a glass of wine by the pool.

Guest access
The estate portion of Copperline Ranch, including the main house, pool and pool house, putting green, tennis court, and pond areas, is exclusively yours to enjoy. You’ll be the only guests on the estate during your stay, ensuring complete privacy and an uninterrupted retreat.

Please note that Copperline is a fully operational 40-acre working ranch. While the estate remains private, you may occasionally see our discreet ranch hands, maintenance staff, or security team tending to the land or animals. All activity takes place on the non-estate side of the property, and your privacy is always respected.

Guests are encouraged to explore the scenic walking trails and take in the sweeping views of the countryside.

If you’re interested in meeting the animals, we’d be happy to arrange a private visit with one of our ranch hands.

Access is limited to the estate grounds. The Event Barn, Studio/Lounge, and the basement level of the main house are not accessible during your stay unless required for storm safety.

You are exclusively renting the main house.

Other things to note
Copperline Ranch offers a rare opportunity to reconnect with nature while enjoying five-star comfort.

One of the most unique and cherished aspects of the property is its vibrant animal life. The ranch is home to friendly pigs, ducks, goats, donkeys, and several beloved free-roaming ranch dogs. These animals are an integral part of life at Copperline and add warmth and character to the guest experience.

The ranch dogs are permanent residents and are not kenneled or confined—they live freely and happily on the property. They’re friendly, social, and accustomed to having guests around. That said, if you’re uncomfortable around dogs or prefer a pet-free environment, this may not be the ideal fit, as the animals’ well-being is always our top priority.

For those who love animals, we offer a guided animal experience, where guests can interact with and learn about the daily rhythms of ranch life.

A portion of the property is dedicated to a private event center and barn, thoughtfully located on the opposite end of the ranch to preserve your privacy. Should an event coincide with your stay, we will notify you in advance. For public or ticketed events, we are happy to help you gain access and enjoy the experience as our guest.

The pool and hot tub are seasonal. From approximately November 1 through April 1 the pool and hot tub will be closed.

All events conclude promptly by 11 PM, ensuring peaceful and uninterrupted evenings.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: William
Host User ID: 33975871
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/33975871
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
23 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting