URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1776241120457272191
Latitude: 36.1517
Longitude: -86.7785
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Music City at Dolly’s High Note, just 0.7 miles from Broadway! This stylish 3BR/2BA downtown condo sleeps up to 10 and features a private balcony overlooking the pool, fully equipped kitchen, Keurig coffee bar and Smart TVs. Enjoy free on-site parking, a heated seasonal pool, cabanas, fire pits, courtyard, gym with Peloton equipment and more- all within walking distance of top Nashville attractions.

The space
Welcome to Dolly’s High Note, your stylish home base in the heart of Nashville! With three bedrooms, two full bathrooms and space for up to 10 guests, this downtown condo is perfect for families, friend groups, bachelorette weekends, celebrations and Music City getaways. Designed with groups in mind, the condo offers plenty of room to relax and recharge between Nashville adventures. Every bedroom and the living room features a Smart TV, so everyone can keep up with their favorite shows during downtime. The fully equipped kitchen has everything you need to prepare meals at home, including a blender, toaster, kettle, wine glasses, plates, utensils and more. Cooking oil is not provided. Mornings are easy with a stocked Keurig coffee bar and K-Cups ready to go.

Step outside onto your private furnished balcony overlooking the pool- a great spot to enjoy your morning coffee, relax between outings or take in the atmosphere at Hyve.

Sleeping Arrangements
The Dolly Room (Bedroom 1):  King Bed
The Taylor Room (Bedroom 2): King Bed 
The Johnny Cash Room (Bedroom 3): Queen Bed + Twin-over-Twin Bunk Beds 
Living Room: Sofa Bed
Sleeps up to 10 guests comfortably.

Best of all, you’re just 0.7 miles from Broadway and within walking distance of many of Nashville’s top attractions, restaurants, bars and entertainment. When you’re ready to relax at home, enjoy Hyve’s amenities, including free on-site parking, a heated seasonal pool, cabanas, fire pits, outdoor courtyard and fitness center with Peloton equipment.

In-Unit Conveniences:
The condo is stocked with thoughtful extras to make your stay as comfortable as possible, including a full-sized washer and dryer with detergent provided, Keurig/drip combo coffee maker and K-Cups, fully equipped kitchen, shampoo, conditioner and body wash, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, pool towels, and a walk-in closet with desk in the Taylor room. 

Everything You Want in a Nashville Stay:
Dolly’s High Note checks all the boxes: a prime downtown location just 0.7 miles from Broadway, free on-site parking, Insta-worthy decor, a newer building, private balcony, self check-in and check-out, and access to an impressive collection of building amenities. The heated outdoor pool is open March through October from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. and features cabanas and a sunbathing area. The outdoor courtyard also offers plenty of seating, fire pits, a gas grill and outdoor kitchen area, plus a ping pong table near the pool deck. Keep up with your routine in the state-of-the-art fitness center featuring Peloton equipment. If you need to work during your visit, the building also offers workspace and a community lounge with a TV, vending machine, couches and tables—perfect for remote work or casual meetings.

On-site security provides additional peace of mind throughout your stay.

Walk to the Best of Nashville:
Leave the car parked and explore Music City on foot. Dolly’s High Note is within walking distance of City Winery, Bad Axe Throwing, Fogg Street Lawn Club, Iris Tattoo, Third Man Records & The Blue Room, Yee-Haw Brewing Co., Ole Smoky Distillery, Tennessee Brew Works, Music City Center, Country Music Hall of Fame, Bridgestone Arena and the Ryman Auditorium.

You’ll also be close to party bus and Pedal Tavern pickup locations, plus tons of restaurants, bars and shopping in The Gulch. And, of course, Broadway is only 0.7 miles away—approximately a 15-minute walk, quick Uber ride or scooter trip.

Explore Upper Broadway favorites including Tootsie’s, The Stage, Robert’s Western World and Assembly Food Hall, or head farther down Broadway for Hard Rock Cafe, Jason Aldean’s, Luke Bryan’s, Kid Rock’s, Ole Red, Morgan Wallen’s This Bar, Posty’s, Miranda Lambert’s Casa Rosa and much more.

A Quick Ride to More Nashville Favorites:
When you’re ready to venture beyond downtown, Nissan Stadium, the Grand Ole Opry and Opry Mills Outlet Mall are all just a short Uber ride away. Whether you’re coming to Nashville for live music, a concert, a girls’ trip, a weekend getaway or simply to experience everything Music City has to offer, Dolly’s Hight Note puts you close to the action while giving you a comfortable place to come home to.

Guest Access & Building Amenities:
Guests have access to the entire condo with the exception of the owner’s supply closet. You’ll also have access to the building’s shared amenities, including the heated seasonal outdoor pool, cabanas, sunbathing area, courtyard, outdoor gas grill and kitchen area, fire pits, outdoor seating, ping pong table, fitness center with Peloton equipment, workspace and community lounge. Pool hours: 7 a.m.–10 p.m., March through October.
​​
If you are parking a car during your stay, you will have 3 options:
-Owner/Guest Garage - this is a FREE first come, first serve garage that requires the Door app for access. You will receive Door access about 3 days prior to arrival. EV Chargers available 
-Street Parking - this is FREE first come, first serve parallel street parking
-Lower-Level Garage - this is a paid public parking garage that has direct elevator access right to your condo floor. Discounted pricing is available for people staying at one of our condos.

Please note:
- This is a condo located in downtown Nashville. As pictured, this development sits near train tracks. We have provided a white noise machine and ear plugs for your convenience. As Nashville continues to grow, nearby construction is common and may be present during your stay. If you are sensitive to noise, this may not be the best location for your stay. Like any urban location, the presence of unhoused individuals may be experienced.
- Arriving ahead of check in time? The Hyve offers complimentary luggage storage! Please check with us for hours.
- All common areas and amenities like the pool, cabanas, gym, workspace lounge, lobby, etc. are managed by the building. We do not have control over the working conditions of equipment, maintenance, or availability.
- The pool will be closed during the winter and reopens March-October seasonally.
- No smoking and no pets allowed.

Ask us about exclusive perks for Hyve guests! When you stay at Hyve, you get access to exclusive discounts on some of Nashville’s best experiences, all right within the building or just steps away. Rotating seasonal offers and new partnerships throughout the year.

Whether you’re planning a bachelorette trip, girls’ weekend, family vacation, concert getaway or a few unforgettable days exploring Nashville, Dolly’s High Note puts you close to the action with plenty of space for the whole group. We would love the opportunity to host you and share the best of Nashville. Whether you're here for the music, food, or nightlife, you’re going to love it here.

Presented by Injoy Nashville: Experience Your Stay, Designed by Injoy Nashville

Guest access
DOOR APP

Registration Details
2025077937

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: InJoy Vacations
Host User ID: 425884247
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/425884247
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
InJoy Vacations proudly offers a selection of high-quality condo rentals in Panama City Beach, FL & Nashville, TN. We are a locally owned and operated business, and we love to share our community with owners and guests. Our goal is to provide exceptional vacation experiences to visitors, and we’ve perfected our craft. Many of our guests choose to return year after year.
My work: InJoy Vacations
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
4505 reviews
4.73 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting