URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/53864017
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to one of the best Nashville locations! This beautiful apartment is located at the heart of Nashville within walking distance to all the fun attractions. You can't beat this location and you'll love the luxurious pool and two story gym. Walk to Lower Broadway (all the Honky Tonks & Live Music), Restaurants, Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, The Music City Center, Printer's Alley, and so much more!

Permit #2018072318

The space
This very spacious 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment that sleeps 6 located on the top floor of the building. Enjoy the Gourmet Kitchen, in-unit washer and dryer, and luxury building amenities. Building amenities and common areas are shared with other guests.

LIVING ROOM:
Queen size sofa sleeper, with two chairs, and a smart TV. Right off the living room is a balcony overlooking the courtyard on the 6th floor. The balcony has two chairs with a small table. 

KITCHEN:
The gourmet kitchen has full size stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, and a large island with 4 stools. Fully stocked with dishware and cooking utensils. Off of the kitchen is a small dining table with 4 chairs. Coffee bar includes Keurig Machine with K-Cups and all the extras needed to make your coffee the way you want it! 

2 BEDROOMS & 2 BATHROOMS:
Bedroom #1 has one king bed and en-suite bathroom (walk-in shower), seating area, & large walk-in closet. Bedroom #2 also has one king bed and en-suite bathroom (shower/tub combo) & large walk-in closet. Towels, Wash Cloths, Shampoo, Conditioner, and Body Soap are provided. 

LUXURY AMENITIES INCLUDED:
★ Outdoor pool (not heated)
★ 2 level fitness center & yoga studio
★ Climbing wall, treadmills, spin bikes
★ Sky lounge with deck & city views
★ The Collective: 2 story hangout & work 
★ Fire pits, grills
★ Courtyard Hangout Area
★ On-site Maintenance 
★ On-Site Concierge & Security 
★ Washer and Dryer with detergent 
★ Keurig and K-Cups
★ Shampoo, Conditioner, Body Wash

PARKING OPTIONS: 

1. There is ONLY ONE Reserved Gated Parking Space available for $35 per night. This is a specific assigned parking space with # listed on the Parking Tag. Guests must tell host and make these arrangements in before check-in day. 

2. Additional Parking - Guest Parking has 15 spaces and open to the public - first come/first served. Pay daily by parking meter. Prices vary depending on demand ($40-50/night). Nashville also has many parking lots in the city and within walking distance to the apartment complex.

Please note this building is in the very heart of downtown Nashville. We are not responsible for any uncontrolled variables outside of this building such as noise, private or public events, construction, etc that may be happening outside at the time of your trip. This is a multifamily complex whose ownership controls the amenities/common areas and exterior/shared interior spaces and maintenance of appliances and interior physical conditions of the apartment (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, hvac, drywall, etc) and as such these items are out of our personal control. NO REFUNDS will be offered if the pool is closed for any reason as this is out of our personal control.  We are bound to abide by the building's protocol when it comes to maintenance issues and timelines to resolve. All other items we personally take care of. We strive to deliver a wonderful stay and experience on everything we can control within the apartment itself to ensure you have a fabulous time in Nashville, living like a local!

Guest access
Guests will have entire apartment to themselves and access to all luxury building amenities. Building amenities/common spaces are shared with other guests in the building.

Check-In 4pm-10pm & Check-Out 10am. Guests only have access into the apartment building during their reservation time. Please plan ahead if arriving early. Baggage Bellhop is on site for luggage storage if needed prior to checking-in. Please let us know if you need to check-in after 10pm. 

This is a self check-in property by using the Latch App on your smartphone. There are no keys or key pads. The Latch App offers better security and easier access. The Latch Email will be sent to you before check-in.

Other things to note
Please read and accept our "house rules" tab before booking. 

This apartment is located in an Airbnb friendly apartment building 3 blocks walking distance to lower Broadway. 

You’re staying in an AirBnB, not a hotel. Please treat our home like you'd treat your own. There will be no one assisting you upon arrival like a hotel so reading the detailed instructions before arrival is very important for a seamless stay at our place. Self check-in is also with the Latch App on your smartphone. There are no key cards. 

Potential for noise from both neighbors inside the apartment building and the growing city. 

Please note this building is in the very heart of downtown Nashville. We are not responsible for any uncontrolled variables outside of this building such as noise, private or public events, construction, etc that may be happening outside at the time of your trip. This is a multifamily complex whose ownership controls the amenities/common areas and exterior/shared interior spaces and maintenance of appliances and interior physical conditions of the apartment (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, hvac, drywall, etc) and as such these items are out of our personal control. NO REFUNDS will be offered if the pool is closed for any reason as this is out of our personal control.  We are bound to abide by the building's protocol when it comes to maintenance issues and timelines to resolve. All other items we personally take care of. We strive to deliver a wonderful stay and experience on everything we can control within the apartment itself to ensure you have a fabulous time in Nashville, living like a local!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jaree
Host User ID: 117559165
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/117559165
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
839 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting