URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1258063327240013722
Latitude: 36.1783
Longitude: -86.7507
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Last Rodeo Suite by AvantStay!

- Perfectly designed for your dream bachelorette or girls' trip!
- 10-15 minutes to all the excitement of Broadway and Downtown Nashville
- Private rooftop patio
- Glam area with light-up mirrors and vanity space
- Photo wall with ring-lighting and fun props
- Pink, southern-inspired theme and decor

The space
Welcome to Last Rodeo Suite, your dream Nashville retreat! This stunningly designed 4BDR apartment has been carefully curated for the ultimate bachelorette party or girls' trip. Located just a 10-15-minute rideshare from the excitement of Downtown and Broadway, Last Rodeo Suite is the perfect home base for an unforgettable experience with your girlfriends.

The interior dazzles with a stunning pink cowgirl theme, perfect for groups looking to celebrate in style. From the chic wallpaper to the disco balls and vibrant neon signs, every angle is picture-perfect. The photo ops continue upstairs, where you’ll find a photo wall with ring lighting and props so you can be sure to capture the moment.

The excitement doesn’t stop there – a dedicated glam area awaits with a light-up mirror and plenty of space for everyone to primp and pamper. Each bedroom provides a comfortable retreat adorned in chic, southern-inspired decor. And with 3.5 bathrooms, there’s no shortage of space to get ready!

Step out onto the rooftop patio, which is the perfect haven for both relaxing and socializing. Sun loungers, a comfortable seating area, and an outdoor dining table make it perfect for daytime chilling or evening festivities.

Experience the best of Nashville at Last Rodeo Suite — where your getaway will be just as fabulous as your crew!

East Nashville is one of Nashville's oldest neighborhoods, located just across the Cumberland River. Known for its eclectic and artsy atmosphere, you'll find some of the city's best restaurants, live music venues, shopping, and easy access to Nissan Stadium. Bonus: all of the excitement of Broadway is just a 10-minute Uber drive away. Don't be surprised if you see one of your favorite musicians walking around this neighborhood, as many of them call it home!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Other things to note
*Home Truths:*
- Please note our occupancy includes an additional two beyond bed count. Trifold floor mattresses and additional linens can be provided upon request.
- This home allows pets for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- There are 3 flights of stairs present within the unit. Please note this unit may not be suitable for guests with mobility issues.

Parking Details:
1 parking space is allowed per unit. 
Street parking is available.
Please note: Vehicles must be parked only in approved areas to avoid towing.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2022048175

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville Hotels
Host User ID: 590443663
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/590443663
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
I'm obsessed with: Country Music
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 years hosting
757 reviews
4.69 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting