URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/31896698
Latitude: 36.1256
Longitude: -86.7792
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 11
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Seeking modern luxury in a prime location? This spacious home is the perfect spot for a memorable stay. With a stylish kitchen, a cozy lounge area, and a spacious outdoor dining area, it’s a great place to hang out with the whole group when not enjoying live music, fantastic restaurants, and other local Nashville gems. 

12 South District – 2 min drive
Country Music Hall of Fame – 11 min drive
Downtown Nashville – 13 min drive

Book For Lasting Memories In Nashville—See Details Below!

The space
☆☆ HIGHLIGHTS ☆☆

✹ Sleeps 11 in a stylish 2,500-square-foot home
✹ 4 spacious bedrooms; 5 queens + sofa bed
✹ 2.5 bathrooms; essential toiletries provided
✹ Full kitchen w/ modern appliances 
✹ Coffee maker + complimentary coffee
✹ Stylish dining table w/ ample seating for 6
✹ Large breakfast bar w/ 4 stools
✹ Open-concept living area w/ smart TV
✹ Family-friendly; Pack ‘n Play + board games
✹ Free wifi + laptop-friendly zones
✹ Full-size washer + dryer
✹ Free parking for 3 vehicles w/ security camera
✹ Covered porch overlooking fenced backyard
✹ Dining table w/ outdoor seating for 6 
✹ Quiet location; short walk to 12 South + Melrose/8th Avenue for restaurants, shops + bars
✹ Easy access to Music City hot spots

Eager to Read More?

Here Are A Few Kind Words From Our Previous Guests:

“We (an adult family of 5) loved our stay in Jessica’s home! The property was pristinely clean and beautifully decorated, it was also very spacious- much more than the photos suggest!! The home was extremely well equipped with all essentials. It was in a very charming and safe neighbourhood and the neighbours were all super friendly. Would not hesitate to recommend. Thanks Jessica!” –Cara

“This was exactly what we were looking for. We came as a small creative team for a conference and this place was perfect. Living area was perfect as we baked cookies and talked as a team at nights. Separate rooms upstairs for us all. The instructions made it so easy and everything was so clean. We definitely want to come back!” –Isaac

“This home is *gorgeous* and so spacious! Our family of 6 had a great time together, with lots of room to spread out. We loved the fun touches like the photos of musicians and the neon sign. The porch was a dream on cool mornings. We had no problems at all and enjoyed being close to everything we wanted to do in Nashville. Great restaurants nearby too! The house was full of luxurious touches like marble countertops and the softest linens. It’s modern, light-filled, and was sparkling clean. We would definitely return and recommend it to our friends!” –Cameron

★★ BEDROOMS ★★
Look forward to a restful night each night of your stay, on comfortable queen beds topped with high-quality linens. With beautiful natural light during the day and soft lighting in the evenings, each bedroom is a cozy sanctuary. The fourth bedroom includes a sofa bed for flexible sleeping arrangements and a Pack ‘n Play for little ones. 

✹ Primary Bedroom: Queen-sized bed, reading chair + private bathroom
✹ Bedroom 2: Queen-sized bed 
✹ Bedroom 3: Queen-sized bed
✹ Bedroom 4: 2 queen beds, sofa bed + reading chair

★★ BATHROOMS ★★
The primary bedroom has private access to an ensuite bathroom, while a second full bathroom caters to the rest of the household. Bright and sparkling clean, both bathrooms are relaxing spaces for freshening up. An additional half bath is available for convenience. 

✹ Bathroom 1: Ensuite to primary bedroom w/ fully-tiled walk-in shower + dual vanity
✹ Bathroom 2: Full bathroom w/ shower/tub combo
✹ Bathroom 3: Half bath

✔ Essential toiletries provided (including shampoo, conditioner + shower gel)
✔ Hair dryer
✔ Fresh towels
✔ Laundry room w/ washer + dryer

★★ KITCHEN & DINING ★★
Always feel part of the action in the elegant, open kitchen. Gorgeous marble countertops provide ample space to prep your favorite foods, while the modern appliances and utensils make cooking a joy. Pull up a bar stool for a chat and a coffee, or gather around the large dining table for a relaxed dinner. 

✔ Fully stocked kitchen w/ stainless steel appliances (including dishwasher, microwave + oversized refrigerator)
✔ Drip coffee maker + complimentary coffee
✔ Basic cookware + dinnerware
✔ Dining table w/ seating for 6
✔ Additional seating at breakfast bar

★★ LIVING ROOM ★★
Make yourself at home in the inviting living room. Sink into the plush couch and binge your favorite shows. Gather around the small table to play board games as you plan your next adventure. Curl up on a reading chair with a good book. The choice is yours in this versatile space.

✔ Large flat-screen Roku smart TV
✔ Ample seating (including couch + plush chairs)
✔ Pack ‘n Play
✔ Board games

★★ OUTDOOR SPACE ★★
Enjoy a breath of fresh air from the covered porch. Pretty string lights help you keep the fun going even after the sun goes down – just make sure you turn the volume down during quiet hours. Fire up the BBQ, savor a morning coffee, or play cards in this private backyard oasis. The fenced-in lawn is ideal for little ones to safely play as you relax on the porch. 

✔ Covered porch w/ string lights + ceiling fan
✔ Outdoor dining table w/ ample seating for 6
✔ Large lawn, perfect for games

★★ ACTIVITIES/ATTRACTIONS ★★ 
There’s no shortage of exciting performances, great restaurants, and places to explore in the Music City, and our prime location is the perfect springboard to adventure. Check out some of the exciting options available:

Outdoor & Nature Activities
✔ Sevier Park (1.2 miles)
✔ Centennial Park (3.5 miles)
✔ Radnor Lake State Park (6.8 miles)

Music & Entertainment
✔ Country Music Hall of Fame (2.4 miles)
✔ Honky Tonk Row (Broadway) (2.6 miles)
✔ Ryman Auditorium (2.7 miles)

Culture & Local Attractions
✔ Adventure Science Center (1.8 miles)
✔ Johnny Cash Museum (2.8 miles)
✔ The Parthenon (3.5 miles)

Dining & Shopping
✔ 12 South District (0.6 miles)
✔ Hillsboro Village (1 mile)
✔ Fifth & Broadway (2.6 miles)

All these activities and more are within your reach when you book with us!

★☆ Reserve Your Dates Now – The Perfect Nashville Getaway Awaits! ☆★

Guest access
✹ GENERAL: Guests can enjoy private access to the entire home, including the fenced backyard and outdoor dining area.

✹ COMPLIMENTARY ESSENTIALS: We provide guests with a starter pack of essential toiletries and coffee. 

✹ PARKING: Free parking is available for three vehicles (no RVs, trailers, campers, or oversized vehicles of any kind). No street parking is allowed. Blocking the flow of traffic or parking on a neighbor’s property without permission is prohibited. 

✹ WORK FROM HOME: There is free, high-speed wifi throughout the home, plus laptop-friendly spaces in the main living area.

✹ FAMILY: Traveling with little ones? We’ve got you covered with a few supplies, including a Pack ’n Play/travel crib.

✹ NO PETS: We have a no-pet policy. Thank you for understanding.

Don’t hesitate to reach out with any questions - we look forward to hosting you!

Other things to note
✹ Easy self-check-in is available via the keypad on the front door. 

✹ Guests must be 25 years of age or older to book this property, and the primary guest must be staying at the property for the entire duration.

✹ WAIVERS & LEASE - Please note that by booking this property, you agree to the Indemnification/Waiver and House Rules as noted under the “Additional Rules”.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jessica
Host User ID: 78020775
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/78020775
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a few hours
Superhost
7 years hosting
588 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting