Get ready for an awesome trip to Music City in this side by side double listing MEGA HOUSE! REACH OUT TO OWNER! Homes are tucked in the BEST location in Nashville - Downtown Gulch! 3 gorgeous decks with stunning views of Nashville Skyline, 2 kitchens, 6 bedrooms (at a minimum), and 20+ beds, plus bonus. Place has everything you need for the perfect large group trip! 5 minute walk to the Heart of the Gulch, 5 minute walk to midtown and a 8 minute WALK TO DOWNTOWN. These homes offer it all!

The space
Brand new homes in the heart of Nashville and in the center of the Music. Reach out to the Owner and message if interested!!!!!!! You may not/likely do not need two homes and there is enough room likely in one because the homes are so big!!!! You'll only know if you ask and you can SAVE MONEY!! Sits right off of Music Row in between Midtown, Gulch, and Downtown. Enjoy these modernized home(s) next to other amazing homes. The best thing about the area is that it's close enough that you have access to everything, but it's a fantastic neighborhood where young professionals and fun people live. The house comes fully equipped with alarm systems and security cameras on the street! They aren't necessary but never hurt to have. There is nothing but fun on the interior.

Guest access
Seven+ sleeping rooms, multiple full bathrooms and multiple downtown patios. Reach out to the Owner!!! Lyft, Uber and Taxis are never more than a 5 minute wait because the house is so close to DOWNTOWN. This house is in the Downtown Gulch, literally 2 blocks from Broadway and allows for accommodations for very large groups. Please inquire for details and don't turn away just because you think the house might be too small or you don't think you need two houses!!!

Other things to note
GUEST WHO BOOK FOR FOUR NIGHTS INCLUDING FRIDAY GET A $400 DISCOUNT ON THE FOURTH NIGHT or the possibility of early check-in and/or late check out. Check in is 4 p.m. and check out is 10 a.m. Late check out is subject to availability upon request, and may be subject to a fee.

Weekdays: Three night stay or longer during the week and we waive the mandatory management fee. 

The home(s) are equipped to host your large group and we know you will simply love the finishes, the location, the newness of the home(s) and the proximity you have to everything!! Don't hesitate to ask any questions about the place. The multiple beds make sure that any large group is very comfortable and also makes sure that you do not necessarily have to share beds unless you want to. Reach out to the Owner! We really look forward to hosting you and/or your large group!! Please reach out directly to the Owner if you have any questions.