URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1493655284698190527
Latitude: 36.2056
Longitude: -86.8114
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy your Nashville experience in this luxury, modern 4BR home with skyline views and just minutes away from all the attractions. 

Perfect for groups of couples, bachelor/bachelorette trips, or family getaways! This luxury 4-bedroom home is just 13 minutes from downtown, plus offers plenty of space for the group to relax and have a great time and make memories together at home. 

Massive rooftop deck boasting skyline views, a full outdoor kitchen, TV, and plenty of space for entertainment.

The space
KEY FEATURES:
⭐Prime Location: 13 minutes to Broadway
⭐Massive Rooftop w/ skyline views, TV, outdoor kitchen, and stringlights offers the perfect gathering space
⭐4 private BRs and 4 beds (2 King and 2 Queen)
⭐4 full baths plus a powder room stocked with all the essentials
(shampoo, conditioner, body wash, etc)
⭐Smart TVs in every bedroom
⭐Fast WiFi
⭐Well-equipped kitchen to make meals for the whole group
⭐Coffee provided
⭐Laundry room with Washer & Dryer
⭐Parking: 2 car garage

Expect a Five Star stay with us! We are always available to assist with dining and activity recommendations and help with anything else needed during your stay.

*LOCATION*
Driving:
Broadway/Downtown → 13 minutes
Nissan Stadium → 10 minutes
The Gulch → 15 minutes
BNA Airport → 20 minutes
Vanderbilt → 15 minutes

*SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS*
6 beds; 4 bedrooms
Bedroom 1: 1 Queen
Bedroom 2: 1 Queen
Bedroom 3: 1 King, 1 Queen air mattress
Bedroom 4: 1 King, 1 Queen air mattress

*HOME LAYOUT*

FIRST FLOOR:

Garage: attached 2 car garage available for parking

Bedroom 1 - 1 Queen bed, Smart TV, plus a full en suite bathroom

SECOND FLOOR:

Living Area – Cozy and inviting, with comfortable seating and a 70 inch Smart TV

Kitchen/Dining Area – Kitchen with luxury appliances and well equipped with everything you need to cook most meals. Functional layout for cooking and entertaining. Drip/Keurig combo coffee maker with coffee provided

Bedroom 2 – Queen sized bed plus a Smart TV

Full Bathroom – Accesible from both Bedroom 2 and the living room. Equipped with essential toiletries and fresh towels for your comfort

THIRD FLOOR:

Bedroom 3 – King sized bed, Queen air mattress, Smart TV, and full ensuite bathroom

Bedroom 4 – King sized bed, Queen air mattress, Smart TV, and full ensuite bathroom

Laundry – Washer/Dryer with an iron, ironing board, and detergent pods provided

FOURTH FLOOR:
Powder Room: Convenient half bathroom right inside from the rooftop deck. Hangout on the rooftop all day without needing to go downstairs to use the restroom.

Rooftop Deck – The massive rooftop deck offers amazing skyline views of the city and is the perfect gathering and entertainment space for the whole group day and night. String lights create the perfect ambiance in the evening. Plus fire up the disco ball for an extra touch of fun. 
The space is furnished with a sectional couch covered by a pergola for shade and comfort, Smart TV, cornhole, and a large table and bar seating for outdoor dining. 
It also boasts a full outdoor kitchen with a grill, stovetop burner, and sink. Plus a mini fridge to keep your drinks cold! No need to go back and forth to the kitchen inside.

🐶 PETS
Up to two dogs are allowed for a fee. If you intend to bring any pets with you, it must be disclosed prior to checkin. Pets are not permitted on furniture and guests will be responsible for any damage caused by their pets.

Pet Cleanup:
Guests are responsible for cleaning up after their pets. Guests will be charged a $25 fee per pile of waste left in the yard

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire home during their stay.

Parking: 2-car garage plus a few first, come first serve spots onsite shared with the other townhomes. It's highly recommended to limit vehicles to 2

There are Smart TVs throughout the home - feel free to log in to your favorite streaming platform to watch TV or stream music.

Other things to note
Minimum age to book per Nashville law is 21. Host reserves the right to request ID verification.

Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. We ask that you respect our neighbors by keeping your exterior noise level down and adhere to the quiet hours of 10pm-8am

NO SMOKING of any kind inside the home or on the patio.

**The home is equipped with 24/7 motion-activated Ring cameras that capture audio and video, exclusively monitoring the front of the home, and the rear exterior to ensure your safety while respecting your privacy indoors**

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brendan
Host User ID: 396058414
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/396058414
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm originally from Annapolis, MD but Nashville has become home for me. 

I enjoy sports, especially football, and exploring everything Nashville has to offer with friends on the weekends. Let me know if you need any recommendations!

I look forward to welcoming guests and helping make their stay as enjoyable as possible.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Davidson College
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
723 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting