URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1135814939451834724
Latitude: 36.1783
Longitude: -86.7507
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
- 10-15 minutes to all the excitement of Broadway and Downtown Nashville
- Private balcony with comfortable outdoor seating
- Four bedrooms, primary features an attached ensuite
- Bunk room perfect for kids or groups of friends
- Dual living rooms for plenty of space to relax
- Curated, Nashville-inspired design and decor
- Fully equipped kitchen with a full suite of appliances and barstool seating.

The space
Outrider is your key to experiencing Nashville like never before. Just a 10-15-minute rideshare away from Downtown and Broadway, you'll have access to all the city's excitement against the backdrop of a cool, curated design worthy of all your aesthetic dreams.

This four-bedroom apartment has a private balcony with comfortable outdoor seating —the prime place to start your day with a cup of coffee or end it with a nightcap.

Inside, you'll find chic, Nashville-inspired design and a vibrant, elevated atmosphere. The living room has a sofa and TV ready for group movie nights, while the fully equipped kitchen boasts a full suite of appliances and everything you need to make at-home meals and snacks a breeze. Barstool seating is available at the counter, and there’s also seating for 6 available in the dining room connecting the living area and kitchen. Fire up the record player for a vibey dining atmosphere!

A secondary sitting area upstairs offers even more space to relax with an additional TV and two more sofas. This stylish lounge is one of our favorite places to relax and leads to your private outdoor space.

Four comfortable bedrooms give everyone a place to spread out. The primary features an ensuite bathroom, giving an extra sense of luxury and privacy, while three additional guest rooms, two more full bathrooms, and an additional half bathroom provide space and convenience for all. There’s even a bunk room perfect for kids or groups of friends.

It's time to unlock Nashville as it was meant to be experienced. Outrider is ready to show you the city while treating you to style, convenience, and all the comforts of home.

We strive to ensure each guest's experience is exceptional. Please note that while the apartment you receive will meet our high standards of comfort and quality, there may be slight variations in layout and design from the images on the listing. Rest assured, your satisfaction is our priority, and we're here to make your stay memorable.

East Nashville is one of Nashville's oldest neighborhoods, located just across the Cumberland River. Known for its eclectic and artsy atmosphere, you'll find some of the city's best restaurants, live music venues, shopping, and easy access to Nissan Stadium. Bonus: all of the excitement of Broadway is just a 10-minute Uber drive away. Don't be surprised if you see one of your favorite musicians walking around this neighborhood, as many of them call it home!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Other things to note
*Home Truths:*
- Please note our occupancy includes an additional two beyond bed count. Trifold floor mattresses and additional linens can be provided upon request.
- This home allows pets for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- There are 2 flights of stairs present within the unit. Please note this unit may not be suitable for guests with mobility issues.

Parking Details:
1 parking space allowed per unit. 
Street parking is available.
Please note: Vehicles must be parked only in approved areas to avoid towing.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2022047646

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6903 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting