URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1609696574032141445
Latitude: 36.2335
Longitude: -86.7071
rental_type: Entire cabin
property_type: CABIN
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The perfect mix of adventure, comfort and fun! These two-bedroom cabins are wonderful and homey. Located at Nashville KOA Resort, you can enjoy all of the fantastic campground amenities including the heated outdoor pool, onsite cafe, live music performances, dog parks and more.  This location offers a perfect balance of easy access to downtown Nashville with a Downtown Shuttle, but far enough from the heart of the city to enjoy a quiet evening around the campfire.

The space
-	Sleeps 8: Ideal for friends and families traveling together, these cabins offer two bedrooms, one bedroom with a queen bed and a 2nd bedroom with two sets of bunk beds. There is also a full Sleeper Sofa located in the living room area for an additional two guests.

-	Full Bathroom: These cabins have  a full bathroom with tub/shower combination. 
-	Kitchen: Equipped with the essentials for your stay including a full-size refrigerator, cooktop, microwave, toaster, basic cookware, dishware and utensils. There is also a Keurig Coffee Maker!

-	Modern Amenities: Watch TV on the flat screen and stay connected with fast, modern Wi-Fi (installed 2024).  Enjoy the convenience of a full bathroom with hot water and fresh towels and linens provided.

-	Outdoor Living: Step outside to your private patio with a propane grill and outdoor seating, perfect for enjoying meals or relaxing under the stars. There's also a fire pit nearby for s'mores and storytelling around the fire.

-	Campground Recreation: There’s a LOT to do at Nashville KOA Resort! We have live music nearly every night, plus an awesome heated pool and hot tub. You can easily explore the whole campground with golf cart and bicycle rentals. 

-	Campground Services: Need anything? Our General Store has snacks, camping gear, souvenirs, basic groceries and more. Our friendly staff is available to assist you, and the onsite Greyline Concierge can help you plan visits to local attractions.

-	Onsite Dining: We have a small cafe right on the campground, which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. We also have a new coffee lounge area with self-service drinks. 

-	You are reserving an accommodation type; the amenities and sleeping arrangements will be as described but the actual unit and location within the campground will vary.

- Golf Carts are now available for rent on site! Message us if you would like details and to reserve a golf cart during your visit.

Guest access
Guests will have dedicated access to the cabin and the private outdoor patio, fire pit and BBQ grill. The campground offers many amenities like pools, a fitness center, general store and laundry which are shared facilities. As a registered guest you will have shared access to all the campground amenities.

Other things to note
Our cabins are pet friendly with an additional fee of $25 per pet. No aggressive pets. If left unatte
nded, they must be in a crate. Max of two pets per unit. 

- Plan to have visitors during your stay?  These cabins are limited to 6 people, including guests & visitors. If the number of overnight guests on your reservation allows for day visitors, those day visitors must check in at the registration building upon arrival. Your visitors are welcome for $10 per additional adult. Visiting guests are permitted until Quiet Hours and must adhere to campground rules.

-Please note that there is a maximum of two vehicles allowed per cabin.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Nashville KOA Resort
Host User ID: 694439186
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/694439186
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to the Music City! I’m TJ, the General Manager of Nashville KOA Resort. I have worked with KOA for over 10 years, including four years here in Nashville! I previously managed the Louisville South KOA Holiday and was an Operations Manager at the St. Petersburg KOA Holiday in Florida.
My work: General Manager
Pets: Goldendoodle Brooks
Response rate: 82%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 months hosting
43 reviews
4.72 out of 5 average rating
8 months of hosting