URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/12037184
Latitude: 36.12673
Longitude: -86.69948
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your Music City getaway — an entire home just 8 miles from downtown Nashville, 10 minutes from Broadway, the Ryman, and the Opry, and moments from some of Nashville's best restaurants. This pet-friendly retreat sleeps up to 6 guests with a private fenced backyard, 4 beds across 2 bedrooms, free parking for 6 cars, and seamless self check-in via smartlock. Perfect for bachelorette parties, bachelor weekends, girls' trips, family vacations, and business stays.

The space
THE SPACE
This charming, updated 2-bed/1-bath home blends comfort with personality — furnished with handcrafted pieces and curated finds collected while touring as musicians across the country. Wake up to complimentary coffee in the living room, stream your favorites on Roku, or unwind in the large private backyard under the shade trees. Complimentary high-speed WiFi and a dedicated workspace make it equally ideal for remote workers and longer stays.

SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS
· Bedroom 1: Queen bed with memory foam mattress
· Bedroom 2: Full bed + twin bed
· Living room: Queen sleeper sofa (available on request — just mention it at booking)

THE NEIGHBORHOOD
You get the quiet of a safe, residential neighborhood with fast access to everything Nashville is famous for. We're 1.2 miles from the airport (no flight paths overhead — you'll sleep soundly), 10–15 minutes from any area of the city, and close to local favorites like Edley's BBQ, Party Fowl, Phat Bites, and Nectar Urban Cantina.

10 min to the Ryman Auditorium, Grand Ole Opry, and Opry Mills · Quick access to East Nashville, 12South, and The Gulch · Safe, quiet neighborhood.

YOUR HOST
We're Tom and Emily, Nashville transplants of 10+ years who came here for the music and never left. As working musicians, we know this city inside and out, and we leave every guest a curated guide to our favorite spots: hidden restaurants, best live music venues, can't-miss experiences, and local secrets you won't find on a tourist map. We're available before and during your stay for any questions or recommendations.

Guest access
You will have access to the entire space including the fenced in back yard. This is a full property listing. No one else will be on or in the property except you during your stay. There is enough space in the driveway to park 4 cars. There is additional street parking if needed as well. All parking is free.

Other things to note
This home has recently been refinished. The pipes throughout the home are new as of 2022. The light fixtures are new as of 2025. We update the furniture in the home every couple of years to make sure that the home does not get run down. While the home is not directly downtown, it is as close as a quite safe neighborhood can get you. 

While we are pet friendly, all pets must be pre approved.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tom
Host User ID: 8418708
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/8418708
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi,

We have been in Nashville 10 years now.   I am from DC and my wife is from Colorado.  We love traveling, hiking, music, and football.

We love hosting guests and just hope to give them a comfortable convenient place to stay during their trip to Nashville.  We love this city know you will too! 

We look forward to meeting you,
Tom and Emily
Where I went to school: Cleveland, Ohio
My work: Music
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
692 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting