URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1706706287651810799
Latitude: 36.1745
Longitude: -86.7947
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 50
beds: 50
occupancy: 16
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The ultimate Nashville group stay: 16 stylish homes side by side, creating a private, resort-style setting for weddings, retreats, reunions, bachelorette trips, and milestone events. The complete compound includes 63 bedrooms, 94 beds, and 47 bathrooms and accommodates up to 188 guests. Each home offers boutique interiors, modern amenities, elevated design, and a private garage, balancing togetherness with privacy and convenient on-site parking.

The space
Welcome to Monroe Houses 16 custom-built homes arranged around a shared social courtyard on the Buena Vista / Germantown edge. This is not a random standalone rental with beds packed in. The whole community was designed for groups who want their own private house, real bedrooms, full kitchens, and a central place to gather.

Inside, each house is a three-story townhome built in 2020 with high ceilings, big windows, modern finishes, and an open main level. The kitchen has a full-size fridge, dishwasher, gas range, coffee bar, cookware, dishes, and the basics for eating in before a night out. The dining area seats 8, and the living room gives the group a comfortable place to land between plans.

Each House has a sleeping setup which is simple and group-friendly: 4 bedrooms, 5 beds, and 3 full baths across three floors. You also have fast Wi-Fi, central AC, smart TV, and in-unit washer/dryer.

Houses 1-7 The private garage is part of the fun: it has been converted into a ping-pong / game lounge. It is not for parking. The garage door opens directly onto the courtyard, so it works as another hangout space right off the action. Park free on Monroe St.

House 9-16 Have private 2 car garage 

Each house opens straight into the shared Monroe courtyard with two pickleball courts, fire pit seating, BBQ grills, outdoor dining tables, cornhole, foosball, and giant Jenga.

Guest access
All Houses Guests have private access to the entire home, including the kitchen, living room, bedrooms, bathrooms, laundry area, and your own private attached two-car garage.

House 1-7 The private garage is part of the fun: it has been converted into a ping-pong / game lounge. It is not for parking. The garage door opens directly onto the courtyard, so it works as another hangout space right off the action.

Houses 9-16 have Private Two-Car Garage
Your stay includes access to a private attached two-car garage, giving you the convenience of secure, dedicated parking right at the home.

Please note:
Garage space may vary depending on vehicle size. Additional free street parking is available on Monroe Street on a first-come, first-served basis.
Shared Courtyard
Step outside your front door and you'll be right in the heart of the Monroe community—our shared social courtyard, designed for groups to gather, play, and enjoy time together.
Enjoy two pickleball courts, fire pit seating, BBQ grills, outdoor dining tables, cornhole, foosball, and giant Jenga.
The courtyard is shared with guests staying in the neighboring Monroe Houses, creating a fun and social atmosphere while you still enjoy the privacy of your own home.

Other things to note
Pet Policy 
We’re delighted to welcome your four-legged travel companion! We allow up to three dogs per stay for a fee of $150 per pet. To help us properly prepare for your arrival, please let us know in advance if you'll be bringing a dog with you.

At this time, cats are not permitted.

No Smoking or Vaping
The Monroe Houses  are 100% smoke- and vape-free property. Smoking and vaping are prohibited inside the House, and courtyard.
A $200 cleaning fee may be charged for violations of this policy.

Gather, Play & Be Respectful

Coming to Nashville with friends or family? We want you to have a great time! Small, respectful gatherings are welcome, and guests are encouraged to enjoy our shared courtyard, pickleball court, fire pits, BBQ grills, ping-pong, and cornhole.

We simply ask that you:
Keep noise at a respectful level, especially after 
11 PM
Make sure the number of guests matches your reservation
Respect other guests and our neighbors
Avoid excessive noise, illegal activity, and unauthorized guests
Security cameras are located in common and exterior areas to help maintain a safe and enjoyable environment for everyone.

Superhost Hospitality
Stay with confidence knowing you’re in experienced hands. Our team has welcomed hundreds of Nashville guests, and we pride ourselves on providing clean spaces, responsive communication, and an easy arrival experience. Our Airbnb recognition for a Great Check-In Experience reflects what we aim to deliver with every reservation: a smooth arrival, a comfortable stay, and a Nashville experience worth remembering.

Have questions before or during your stay? Send us a message anytime. We’re here to help make your Nashville trip a great one.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Notable Collection
Host User ID: 699711821
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699711821
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
2514 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting