URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1531544519923885484
Latitude: 36.1684
Longitude: -86.8133
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Large, modern luxury townhome with rooftop deck located 2.6 miles from the heart of Music City and a quick Uber/Lyft to any of Nashville’s hot-spots like Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, and Broadway.

The home has 3 bedrooms, all with private bathrooms, and 7 beds to comfortably sleep large groups. The main floor is open concept kitchen/living room with ample seating, high-end appliances, huge island, smart TV, and washer/dryer. 1-car garage as well as dedicated parking if you’re driving!

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.  

ACCESS TYPE:
▻ Guests have full access to the entire home including all levels, garage, and rooftop deck.

FIRST FLOOR:
▻ Entryway and Garage - 1-car garage with additional dedicated parking spot available.
▻ Laundry Area - Equipped with a brand new washer and dryer for guest use.
▻ Half Bathroom - Toilet and sink conveniently located near the main living area.

SECOND FLOOR:
▻ Living Room - Open-concept space featuring a large Smart TV, cozy gray sectional sofa, and contemporary décor designed for relaxation and entertainment.
▻ Kitchen - Fully equipped with high-end modern appliances including a refrigerator, stove, oven, dishwasher, microwave, and coffee maker. Includes a large island with bar seating and all essential cookware, dishes, and glassware.
▻ Dining Area - Spacious dining area integrated into the open floor plan, perfect for meals or socializing.
▻ Covered Patio - Outdoor seating area off the main level for morning coffee or evening relaxation.

THIRD FLOOR:
▻ Bedroom 1 - King bed, Smart TV, storage, and private en-suite bathroom with shower.
▻ Bedroom 2 - 2 bunk beds (1 is single-sized that sleeps 2, 1 is double-sized that sleeps 4), Smart TV, and private en-suite bathroom.
▻ Bedroom 3 - Two queen beds, Smart TV, and private en-suite bathroom.

ROOFTOP DECK:
▻ Private rooftop deck with outdoor furniture, Smart TV, and string lighting — ideal for entertaining or relaxing into the evening.
▻ Fully enclosed for privacy from neighboring units.
▻ Second covered patio below rooftop for additional outdoor space.

HIGHLIGHTS:
▻ Self Check-In with Keyless Entry
▻ Off-Street and garage parking for 2 vehicles (size restrictions may apply)
▻ 2 Covered Patios + Private Rooftop Deck
▻ 3 Bedrooms, 3.5 Bathrooms – All with Private En Suites
▻ Sleeps Large Groups Comfortably (7 Beds Total)
▻ Just 2.6 Miles from Downtown Nashville, Broadway, Nissan Stadium & Bridgestone Arena

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ Multiple levels with stairs required to access bedrooms and rooftop deck.
▻ Entry via a few steps to reach the front door.

Guest access
PARKING:
▻ Off-Street and garage parking for 2 vehicles (size restrictions may apply)

ENTERING THE HOME:
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In Using a Smart Lock with a Unique Code Per Guest

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES: 
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee. 
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings. 
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM 
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs. 
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500. 
▻ Please ensure pets are cleaned up after.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed. 

By booking this property, you agree to follow all rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation. 

POLICIES: 
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available). 
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access. 
▻ Late Check-Out – Late check-out is not guaranteed and requires host approval. Standard checkout applies unless approved. To guarantee a later stay, book the next night if available. Unauthorized late check-outs incurs violation fees.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ Pet Policy – We’re happy to welcome pets! A $140 non-refundable fee applies, plus $50 for each additional pet. This helps cover the extra deep cleaning to keep the home fresh for all guests. 
▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy. 
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item) 
▻ Cancellation - Cancellation refunds will be based on your booking's cancellation policy 
▻ There are exterior cameras installed above the front door, and at the back door. It is on and recording 24/7.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1661 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting