URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1594580847992869826
Latitude: 36.14465056997735
Longitude: -86.78489932552841
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 25
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
There are very few places in Nashville where a group can stay this large, this central, and this elevated.

This combined Elevay & Co. retreat brings together two neighboring luxury homes in the heart of the Gulch, creating a scale of stay that’s exceptionally rare for this location.

The space
Surrounded by sweeping skyline views and positioned above the city’s most walkable neighborhood, this listing offers a level of scale, privacy, and perspective that’s exceptionally rare this close to Broadway, 12 South, and Downtown. Two attached luxury homes come together seamlessly here, creating a single elevated stay that feels more like a private urban estate than a typical city rental.

Booking this home means securing an entire section of the Nashville skyline for your group alone. With 8 bedrooms and 24 beds across two full homes, there’s room to spread out, reset, and reconnect — all while staying moments from the restaurants, music, and energy that define the city. It’s the kind of setup almost never found in a prime urban location.

Each residence stands confidently on its own, yet together they function as one cohesive experience. Two expansive living areas, two fully equipped kitchens, and two private rooftop lounges allow your group to move naturally throughout the day — finding space when it’s needed and coming together when it matters.

The rooftops are what set this stay apart. Elevated above the city with uninterrupted views in every direction, the skyline becomes part of the experience rather than the background. Fire pits draw everyone in as the sun dips and the lights of Nashville stretch across the horizon. These are the evenings that linger — unplanned, unrushed, and unforgettable.

Every detail of this combined home is intentional. The layouts are built for groups. The elevation brings a sense of calm. The walkability removes friction from every plan. Hosted by Elevay & Co., this stay is designed for travelers who recognize how rare it is to find this much space, this much privacy, and this much of the city — all in one place.

What Makes This Stay Rare:
🌇 Two private rooftop lounges with fire pits and full skyline immersion
📍 Prime Gulch location — walk everywhere, retreat above it all
🛏️ 8 bedrooms + 26 total beds across two full homes
☕ Two fully stocked coffee bars for slow mornings and easy starts
🍽️ Two chef-style kitchens designed to handle group meals with ease
🎶 Minutes to Broadway, Downtown, 12 South, Music Row, and more
🚗 Garage parking + free street parking
✅ Early check-in & late check-out when available

Location Highlights
🛻 Walkable to the Gulch / Edgehill
🛍️ 5 min to 12 South
🍴 5 min to Broadway’s nightlife
🏈 9 min to Titans Stadium & Topgolf
✈️ 14 min to BNA Airport
🎶 20 min to Grand Ole Opry

This is one of the few places where you can experience Nashville fully — then step back above it all when the day is done.

PARKING: 
Guests will have the option to park in either garages. Each home has its own private two car garage. There's also additional street parking in front of the homes and throughout the neighborhood that's first come first serve.

WE DO NOT RENT TO LOCALS. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, PLEASE INQUIRE.

Guest access
Guests will have access to both townhomes, including the rooftop lounge,  kitchen, living area, bedrooms, and bathrooms in each home. Please note this is an attached townhome. This rental is for both homes!

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

STRP #2020010803 & STRP #2017073491

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting