URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1465256039603709881
Latitude: 36.15269
Longitude: -86.77811
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 9
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover the ultimate Nashville getaway featuring two stylish downtown condos with a total of  6-bedrooms and 4-bathrooms —perfect for large groups, families, bachelor/bachelorette groups, and more. Walk anywhere downtown and just a 15-minute walk to Broadway, you're steps from Nashville’s top attractions like The Gulch, Bridgestone Arena, and the Country Music Hall of Fame. Enjoy comfort, space, privacy, and premium amenities in the heart of Music City!

The space
PLEASE NOTE, this listing is for two separate condos in the same building at Hyve - one unit is on floor 2 and the other unit is on floor 5. They are both 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms - totaling 6 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms for your large group!

AMAZING AMENITIES INCLUDED:
★ Outdoor Pool w/ sunbathing deck 
★ Poolside Cabanas + In-Pool Loungers
★ Courtyard hang-out area with fire pits 
★ State-of-the-art fitness center 
★ Pelotons, Treadmills, Rower, Dumbbells
★ Gas Grill & Outdoor Ping-Pong Table 
★ Work & Hang-out Lounge
★ Coffee Bar w/ Keurig, Coffee pot & k-cups
★ Mirrors - body mirrors & lighted makeup mirrors
★ XL Balcony w/ comfy seating & city views 
★ On-Site Concierge & Security Officer
★ Complimentary Luggage Storage 
★ Door Smart locks Installed throughout building
★ Free parking - first come, first served 
★ Walk to 100s of bars and restaurants 

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Stay with confidence with the highest-rated hosts in the entire Hyve building! With over 100 five-star reviews at Hyve, our properties have consistently outshined others thanks to exceptional comfort, cleanliness, and thoughtful hospitality. Whether you're here for business or leisure, enjoy a stay that countless guests have already raved about. Experience the difference of a proven, guest-loved home away from home! - Hosts, Allie, Calvin and Dylan with Stay Nashville, LLC

A combination of NOT one but TWO stunning 1250 sq ft three-bedroom, two-bathroom retreat offers the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and style. Situated in the heart of the city, you'll find yourself just steps away from Nashville's vibrant downtown scene. 

You'll be greeted by a spacious and tastefully decorated living area, designed to provide a relaxing atmosphere for you and your fellow guests. The open-concept layout allows for seamless interaction between the living, dining, and kitchen areas, making it ideal for entertaining and spending quality time together. 

One of the highlights of this Airbnb is the range of exceptional amenities available to you. Take a dip in the refreshing pool with sunbathing ledge and cabanas, relax in the serene courtyard with fire pits, or keep up with your fitness routine at the well-equipped gym. If you need to catch up on work during your stay, the dedicated work center provides a quiet and productive environment. 

But let's talk about what truly sets this condo apart: its unbeatable location! Tucked right into downtown Nashville, you're literally moments away from all the excitement. Whether you're in the mood for live music, chic bars, or grabbing a bite to eat, it's all right outside your door.

6 BEDROOMS & 4 FULL BATHROOMS:
-UNIT 213-
★Bedroom #1 has one king bed 
★Bedroom #2 has one king bed
★Bedroom #3 has two full beds 
-UNIT 510-
★Bedroom #1 has one king bed 
★Bedroom #2 has one queen bed
★Bedroom #3 has three queen beds (custom sturdy bunk bed)

Additional (not pictured) at unit 213: comfortable deluxe twin rollaway bed w/ lux memory foam and twin air mattress in unit 213.

AMAZING LOCATION TO ALL HOT SPOTS:
★ Broadway/Famous Strip - 15 minute walk 
★ Music City Convention Center - 5 minute walk 
★ City Winery - 5 minute walk
★ Ole Smoky Moonshine Distillery - 5 minute walk
★The Gulch - 5 minute walk
★ Country Music Hall of Fame - 8 minute walk
★ Bridgestone Arena - 13 minute walk 
★ Nissan Stadium - 25 minute walk

★AND MUCH MORE WITH 100s OF BARS AND RESTAURANTS WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE★

Guest access
This secure building is equipped with Door Smart locks throughout. Using Door is a building requirement and part of the safety rules that all guests must use Door during their stay. 

Only guests with Door access are permitted into the building. There are no keys or number pads in this building. The Door App offers better security and easier access for all guests. All guests must use the Door App on their smartphone to unlock doors. 

Door access starts at 4pm day of check-in and expires the day of check-out at 10am. There will be no Door access into the lobby/building before 4pm day of check-in unless pre-arranged with host. Please let us know if you are arriving before 4pm.

Other things to note
★This listing is for two separate condos in the same building. One unit is on the second floor and the other unit is on the fifth floor. Each unit has 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, totaling 6 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms. Each condo can sleep 10 guests! 

★Nashville is a vibrant, rapidly expanding city, and Hyve is situated in an urban downtown setting. Like any major city or urban area, you may encounter noise from sirens, trains, construction, music, other tourists, as well as see nearby homelessness. If you are particularly sensitive to noise or the presence of homelessness in the city of Nashville, you may want to explore accommodations located 10-15 minutes away from downtown Nashville. Most of our guests do not have any problems but it's important to note in case you aren't used to an urban downtown environment. Hyve is a safe and secure building with professional on-site security and Door app access needed to enter the building.

★ Kindly note, the entire building is a smoke & vape free environment. There is no smoking or vaping allowed anywhere inside the units, hallways, balconies, parking garages, common areas, pool, courtyard, etc. The smoke alarms inside the building will be trigged with any smoke or vape detected. On-site management and security are giving minimum $300 fines per occurrence. You must smoke and vape at least 20 feet away from the entire building premises, across the street.

★Check-in: 4pm & check-out: by 10am
We might be able to accommodate an early check-in or a late check-out for an additional fee subject to availability and pre-approval in advance by hosts. Please note, we cannot accommodate any last-minute requests because our cleaners are scheduled in advance and their schedule cannot be changed. 

★Complimentary Luggage Storage is now available daily with on-site concierge from 9:30am-5:30pm. If you are interested in this service, please let us know during the booking process so we can make the proper arrangements. Our cleaners will not hold luggage inside unit. 

★The building has a free secured parking garage located on the upper level for guests; approximately 20-30 spaces, first come/first served.  In addition, there is an on-site paid public parking garage on the lower level if upper level parking garage is full. Free street parking and paid EV Parking also available. Please note, free parking is not guaranteed during your stay & is simply on a first come, first served basis. Please park in a space that's not reserved. 

★Building and community amenity spaces are available to all Hyve guests. We as hosts have no control over them and their cleanliness, maintenance, repair, and/or availability. In the event any of the building amenities become unavailable or have issues, we assume no responsibility for these spaces, will not provide a refund of any kind, and will inform the HOA of such. Pool is open March-Oct for the season. 

Thank you for reading our entire listing! If you have made it this far, please feel free to reach out to us with any questions! We'd love the opportunity to host you! - Calvin, Allie & Dylan

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dylan
Host User ID: 667320951
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/667320951
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lead Property Manager for Stay Nashville, LLC. 

A bit about me, I’m married to my beautiful wife Rylee and we have a daughter named Mabel. I’m passionate about my church, Holy Saints, CrossFit, and enjoying life to the fullest. I love to read, explore new ideas, and explore new places, especially when it means being outdoors. My faith is my foundation, and I strive to live for the Lord daily. Life’s a thrilling ride, and I’m here to embrace it all with gratitude!.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Lipscomb University
2 years hosting