URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/18569799
Latitude: 36.05147
Longitude: -86.99334
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our peaceful farmhouse in the country, yet only 20 minutes to downtown Nashville, Historic Franklin and Leiper's Fork. Home of a native Nashville singer/songwriter as well as a charming mini donkey duo, Hazel and Opal— enjoy a taste of true southern hospitality! 

We are the number 1 place to stay for guests attending weddings at the Loveless Cafe & Barn! :)

The space
A private wooded setting surrounds this charming farm house with spacious rooms and a feeling of quiet serenity. Visit with our two mini donkeys during your stay! The large master bedroom features pale pink walls and a king-size ultra comfy bed. An extra-large claw foot tub is in the classic subway-tiled master bath for glorious bubble baths and a shower with a powerful rain shower head for a vigorous clean! Note: The master bedroom and bath are all one large room. 

The renovated eat-in kitchen has ample space, new appliances, 150+ year old reclaimed oak counters and a 100 year old antique farm sink. I spent two years renovating it myself and I think you're going to love it!! 

There is no formal dining room, there are five bar stools around the peninsula counter in the kitchen that is also part of the main living area. Please note pictures. :)

The downstairs bedroom is one large room with two Queen beds (each with new memory foam toppers), a bathroom with shower, a TV with Apple TV, Trivial Pursuit and Scrabble. 

The front and back porches are a perfect place to sit back, watch the wildlife anytime of year and listen to birds, frogs and crickets and smell sweet honeysuckle in the summer time. Welcome to the charming country side of Music City!

The Pink House is in a lovely rural area in West Nashville surrounded by 75 acres of woods to enjoy. It is close to the interstate and perfectly located only 20 minutes from downtown Nashville and 20 minutes from historic Franklin and Leiper's Fork. It's on the only side of town that does not have nearly as bad of frustrating congested traffic problems. 

The best part is you'll be just a mile from the world famous Loveless Cafe with the best country cooking and homemade biscuits and jam in the world! 

If you are a cyclist you'll be happy to know it's only a mile to the great Natchez Trace and is a cyclist's paradise. Trace Bike shop is just 3 miles away if you choose to rent bikes on a whim. 

. We're delighted to share it with you and will do all we can to make sure you have an exceptionally wonderful visit!

Guest access
You're welcome to play a guitar or listen to vinyl records, use wifi, watch TV, Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon on the 75" flatscreen. 

The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need to cook great meals. There are complimentary cookies and ground coffee for French press, pour over or moka pot, as well as a Keurig, Smeg drip coffee maker and a kettle for tea at the coffee/tea bar. The kitchen has some spices and oils stocked for your convenience. 

The laundry room is located on the main floor for guests with extended stays.

Other things to note
Our two sweet donkeys love to interact with you and to be brushed. They can have limited treats and you are welcome to give them 2-3 treats from the jar on the kitchen counter. If you have apples or carrots they may have a few bites but because they are high in sugar, please no more than that. Also, be sure to put treats in the bins on the fence or be very careful to lay your hand flat when feeding them. They may accidentally bite your fingers! They will not mean to, so please be careful. Thank you! 

We love kids and older children are welcome, however we do not feel we can safely accommodate small children at this time. The house is not child-proofed inside or outside, in any way, so please keep that in mind when booking. Booking of the property releases us of any liability inside and outside of the home and around the animals. 

*This is my son's and my home, and Airbnb is a tremendous blessing in this season of life as our primary income. We so very much appreciate your kindness and respect for our beloved home and we Thank You Deeply for being our Guests!! :)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sarah
Host User ID: 275770751
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/275770751
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Mother. Dreamer. Traveler. Realtor. Creator. Horse Lover. Vacation Rental Manager.
Where I went to school: Northern Arizona University
Speaks English
7 years hosting
32 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting