URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1594493534955915982
Latitude: 36.14546
Longitude: -86.81388
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Spacious 3BR / 2BA apartment near Vanderbilt University, major Nashville hospitals, and Downtown Nashville, ideal for families, travel nurses, medical professionals, and extended stays. Located in a quiet, safe neighborhood, this fully furnished home offers a peaceful retreat while keeping you minutes from Broadway, Midtown, restaurants, and top medical centers.

The space
This spacious apartment comfortably sleeps up to 6 guests and is ideal for extended stays, medical visits, or work travel.
	•	Three private bedrooms with queen beds
	•	Two full bathrooms
	•	Clean, functional, modern layout
	•	Comfortable living area for relaxing after a busy day

Central Location

Conveniently located near Nashville’s key destinations:
	•	10–12 minutes to Downtown Nashville and Broadway
	•	5–10 minutes to Vanderbilt University and Medical Center
	•	Close to multiple hospitals and healthcare facilities
	•	Near Midtown, The Gulch, West End, dining, and shopping
	•	Easy access to major roads and ride-share services

A quiet, convenient location that keeps you close to everything.

Amenities
	•	Fully equipped kitchen
	•	Fast Wi-Fi for work or streaming
	•	Comfortable shared spaces
	•	Great setup for families, professionals, and longer stays

Ideal For

✔️ Hospital and medical stays
✔️ University visits
✔️ Business travel
✔️ Extended stays
✔️ Short-term Nashville trips

Other things to note
Please note: This apartment is located on the second floor and requires one flight of stairs to access.

Early Check-In Fees
Check-in time is from 4:00 pm-1:00 am. Additional fees may apply depending on your requested check-in time between 12:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. A full nightly rate will apply for any check-in before 12:00 p.m.

Late Check-Out Fees 
Check-out time is 10:00 a.m. Additional fees may apply depending on your requested check-out time between 10 am and 1 pm. A full nightly rate will apply for any check-out after 1:00 p.m. 

All early check-in and late check-out requests must be approved in advance and confirmed in writing by our team, and are subject to availability. 

Parking
We have a parking space available for rent at $5/day. Please let us know before your arrival if you would like to reserve it.

Smoking is strictly prohibited inside the property. A $500 fine will be imposed if smoking is confirmed or if lingering smoke odors are detected.

For Your Safety & Peace of Mind
To help keep our home and all guests safe, we use a secure identity verification service called Truvi. It’s a quick, one-time process that helps ensure everyone who stays with us is verified—protecting you, your reservation, and the property. After you book, you’ll receive a text message from Truvi with a secure link to complete the verification. It only takes a minute and helps us maintain a trusted, safe environment for all guests. Thank you for helping us keep our space welcoming and secure!

By booking this reservation, you consent to receive calls and/or text messages from us and our third-party messaging and calling service regarding your stay, including check-in details, property access, and time-sensitive matters. Please be advised that all phone communications may be recorded for quality assurance, training, and security purposes.

Pet-friendly: $7 per dog per night (maximum of 2), plus a $99 pet cleaning fee.

Guests are required to submit a photo of the dog(s) they will be bringing prior to arrival.

Please note that any damage caused by pets (including chewing on items or defecating on furniture, linens, or other areas) will be subject to additional charges.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kathy
Host User ID: 386642504
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/386642504
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
My work: fitness advisor
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
3 years hosting
859 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting