URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/19026163
Latitude: 36.1618
Longitude: -86.8014
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Book with confidence at the “Easy Rest,” a clean, comfortable 1920s duplex just 1.8 miles from downtown Nashville. Enjoy a cozy queen bed, full kitchen, fast WiFi, and Smart TV. Easy street parking and quick Uber (~$15) to Broadway, Titans Stadium, and Vanderbilt—or walk to Marathon Village. Simple check-in, reliable comfort, and everything you need for a stress-free stay.

The space
This is a 1920's home that's now a duplex - a classic Nashville structure of it's time - uniquely private in the heart of the city. It's small but highly functional - 525 sq ft. The bathroom is off of the bedroom - be sure to be comfortable with that, if your sharing the space. There is "on street" parking in front of the house. Convenient access to the fenced backyard - please clean up after your pet both inside and out. Loud, disruptive  or aggressive pet will terminate your stay.  "Quiet enjoyment" time between 10pm and 7am. The Neighborhood is a mix of gentrification, industrial and lower income housing.  Please be aware that the bathroom ceiling height in the shower is slanted and can be challenging for tall people. Train tracks are nearby. You will hear the train whistle occasionally. Since we do not reside on the property, there are Security Cameras at the front door and in the back yard that allows for viewing and monitoring of ONLY the public space. We honor your privacy and can assure you that it is only for the safety of the property. These cameras are clearly identified and disclosed ahead of your reservation.

Guest access
Self Check-in with a electronic lock.   Code will be given the day of your arrival.

Other things to note
-Your Pet must be crated while you're off premises. Convenient access to the fenced backyard - please clean up after your pet bith inside and out. Loud, disruptive  or aggressive pet will terminate your stay. 
- "Quiet enjoyment" time between 10pm and 7am
- Please be aware that the bathroom is off of the bedroom. Also the ceiling height in the shower is slanted and can be challenging for tall people.
-  The property resides 1/4 mile from train tracks. You will hear the train whistle occasionally.
-  Since we do not reside on the property, there are security cameras at the front door and in the back yard that allows for viewing and monitoring of ONLY the public space. We honor your privacy and can assure you that it is only for the safety of the property. These cameras are clearly identified and disclosed ahead of your reservation.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Debbie
Host User ID: 132765119
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/132765119
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm a native Nashvillian... a rarity theses days! I'm a metal sculpture artist and a home renovator! My partner, Lisa and I own several rental properties and airbnb's.  We take great joy in sharing our special places. We enjoy travel, music, food and spending time with family and friends. My daughter, Cara is proprietor of one of the best restaurants in Nashville... Lockeland Table in East Nashville. Be sure to say "BeBe" sent ya :-)

We love sharing our little places. Since we can't be there all the time - it's better knowing that others can be there enjoying them. These are unique places and nothing fancy but totally relaxing and with all the comforts. We are a text/call away if you need anything and our neighbors are very helpful too.
My work: Retired Metal Artist
Lives in Pegram, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
1557 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting