URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1349394171775529882
Latitude: 36.163417457388206
Longitude: -86.85197631798664
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Vinyl Suite: Your Ultimate Nashville Group Getaway!
🔥  Relax: Hot Tub and Rooftop Lounge
💄 Glam Stations: Get Ready for Broadway (Only 12 Mins Away! 🚗)
🎤 Karaoke Stage  + Record Collection  = Unforgettable Nights!
📍 15 Mins from BNA | Trendy Neighborhood
🌟 Local Superhosts | Pro-Designed Perfection | Pure Nashville Vibes

The space
Ideal for: Weekend getaways, family reunions, and groups looking for a lively and unforgettable experience

⭐️⭐️Key Features⭐️⭐️

✱ Custom Murals and Karaoke Stage
✱ Glam Station: Equipped with 4 large LED mirrors
✱ Stylish Decor: Neon signs, photo-worthy spots and modern amenities.
✱ Outdoor Oasis: Rooftop with hot tub and a dining area that seats 12
✱ Spacious Living: 3 floors of living space 
✱ Parking: 1 car garage and plenty of street parking 
✱ Convenient Location: Broadway (12 min) and Airport (15 min) 
✱ Record player with curated collection of vintage vinyl records
✱ Located in a vibrant community with homes and businesses
✱ Brand New Home. Built in Jan 2025

What our Guests are saying:
"This was one of my favorite Airbnb's I've ever stayed in! " - Beth

"Magnificent. Clean, clean, clean. Loved that there's a bathroom for each bedroom. Very quiet location and nice surroundings" - Karen

"Loved staying here.  Very walkable to numerous places and easy to access.  Loved the rooftop and hot tub!" - Erica

⭐️⭐️Floor Plan⭐️⭐️

1st Floor: Bunk Room & Karaoke Lounge
Bedroom 1 with 2 Queen beds and full bathroom
Half Converted Garage with Karaoke stage, vinyl collection, high top tables and bar stools
Glam Stations with plenty of charging outlets for your devices!

2nd Floor: Vinyl Room & Dining
Bedroom 2 with King bed and closet
Open floor plan includes living room, fully stocked kitchen. Dining area that fits 6-8 with extra seating around the island. Convenient full bath rounds out the space.

3rd Floor: Guitar Room & Bunk Room
Bedroom 3 with King Bed and full bathroom
Bedroom 4 with 4 Queen beds and full bathroom
Washer & Dryer on this level

Rooftop: Outdoor Oasis
Hot tub, sectional, cooler and dining area. Plenty of extra seating. Bistro lights.

⭐️⭐️Amenities⭐️⭐️

Comfort and Convenience: Keypad entry, fiber internet w/fast WiFi, and Smart TVs in all bedrooms and common areas
✱ Entertainment:  Record Player, Board Games, Premium TV's w/ YouTubeTV
✱ Work Space: Plenty of places to work in the house for those that need to mix work with pleasure
✱ Support: Enjoy exceptional service from a local super host
✱ Privacy: All bedrooms have black out curtains and room darkening shades

Dates Booked? Check out our other listing The Pink Jukebox for availability!

Guest access
You'll have full reign of the entire home and garage. There is a mysterious supply closet that remains locked on the 1st floor. That's our extra stash of all things needed to spruce up the place for our lovely guests. So, that's off-limits. Other than that, every corner of this house is yours to explore and enjoy!

Other things to note
Be sure to view our Digital Guidebook (available on site and before check in) As your hosts are local to the area we have plenty of recommendations and vendors to create an experience you will never forget. 

Neighborhood Respect: Our home is located in a residential neighborhood that is home to local businesses and residents. We kindly ask you to respect the local community by observing outdoor quiet hours between 10pm and 7am. Treat our neighborhood as you would your own for a harmonious experience.

Security for Peace of Mind: Your safety is important.
While our exterior security cameras are not actively monitored, they are in place to help us maintain a secure and respectful environment in line with our rental policies.

Party and Event Policy: To ensure everyone's enjoyment, please note that parties and events are strictly not allowed, though we welcome Bachelorette and Bachelor groups. Any tampering with security equipment may affect your security deposit.

Local Guest Policy: To maintain the quality and security of our properties, we have a special policy for local guests residing within 60 miles of Nashville. If you're a local, please send us an inquiry or a request to book for pre-approval before making your reservation. This helps us ensure a great fit for both our guests and our properties. We appreciate your understanding and look forward to possibly hosting you!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andrea
Host User ID: 303945447
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/303945447
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
150 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting