URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1332045113783180134
Latitude: 36.1594
Longitude: -86.8069
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Immerse yourself in the heart of Music City at West End Retreat. This stylish 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom condo offers modern comfort, a community pool, and convenient access to Nashville's top attractions. Located in a vibrant neighborhood, it’s the perfect choice for families or small groups seeking a central and relaxing stay.

Other things to note
Primary renter must be at least 25 years of age. Guests may be asked to present their IDs upon arrival or anytime during their stay. Do not rent this unit for another party. The primary renter must be staying in the unit.

About the Vacation Rental Unit:

West End Retreat combines urban living with thoughtful amenities for a seamless Nashville experience. Relax in the cozy living area with cable TV and Wi-Fi, prepare meals in the fully equipped kitchen, or unwind by the community pool after a day of exploring the city.

This 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom vacation rental features:
Master Bedroom: 2 Queen beds 
Primary Guest Bedroom: 1 king bed
3rd Bedroom: 1 King bed
1st Bathroom: with a shower (no tub), vanity, and toilet 
2nd Bathroom: with a combination tub/shower, vanity, and toilet
Maximum Guest Occupancy: 8 Guests (Please note that children under the age of two years still count toward the maximum guest occupancy.)

There is a small washer-dryer in the unit for guest convenience as well as a TV in each bedroom and the living room. Relax in comfort, explore Nashville’s iconic landmarks, and enjoy the convenience of a central location. West End Retreat is the perfect place to experience everything Music City has to offer.

Parking: 

Upon arrival at the property, the gate should open automatically. Guests have access to onsite outdoor parking in this complex. You may park 2 to 3 vehicles in the unassigned spaces provided.
  
About the Community/Property:

The building is an old tobacco warehouse, originally build around 1900. Located in Nashville’s desirable West End neighborhood, this complex offers easy access to all of the following:
A small community pool (and nearby grills) for relaxation and recreation.
An exercise room for those won’t don’t like to mess with their routine!
A Speak Easy in the basement – how cool is that?
A short walk to Centennial Park and The Parthenon.
A 10-minute drive to Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and Nissan Stadium.
A 15-minute drive to the airport.

Try the 1865 Club in the basement:

The 1865 Club is a distinctive speakeasy-style cocktail lounge located in Nashville's Midtown neighborhood. Nestled in the basement of a historic building at 610 21st Avenue North, the venue combines the city's rich heritage with contemporary elegance. The building itself, constructed in 1865, originally served as a tobacco barn and auction house for U.S. Tobacco. Upon entering, guests are transported into an ambiance reminiscent of "The Great Gatsby," featuring a porcelain bar, Art Deco chandeliers, and velvet blue couches. The decor thoughtfully preserves elements of the building's history, including original graffiti art left by local artists during its years of vacancy. While the 1865 Club operates as a members-only establishment, it also welcomes the public. Memberships offer perks such as discounted food and drinks, priority reservations, and access to exclusive events. The club's cocktail menu is divided into categories like light, sour, stirred, dessert, and classics, with offerings crafted by talented bartenders. A selection of light bites, including marinated olives and burrata with olive oil, complements the drink offerings. The 1865 Club also serves as a gathering spot for Nashville's songwriters, fostering a sense of community and collaboration among patrons. Whether you're seeking an intimate evening out or a place to connect with Nashville's musical community, the 1865 Club offers a unique and memorable experience.

Other details to note: 

Upon booking, you’ll receive timely communications about your trip. Access to your professionally cleaned and sanitized home is also convenient with our custom keyless locks. And, if you need anything before, during or after your stay, our local team is ready to help!

Please be aware that there will be NO refunds for Wi-Fi issues as it’s not guaranteed. If reliable Wi-Fi is a must, you are welcome to bring your own internet hotspot.

Non-negotiable rules: No Smoking or Vaping, No Pets, No Events or Parties, No Firearms. Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am (unless posted signage indicates otherwise).

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 146884195
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/146884195
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Looking to plan a dreamy beach get-away? 30a Seascapes has hundreds of properties, from the salt filled waters of the Gulf, Music City (Nashville), and more. As a #1 rated Superhost, 30a Seascapes provides the best guest experience by way of stunning beachfront properties, topnotch resorts offering fantastic amenities, and excellent customer service. We pride ourselves when it comes to reliable, timely, and clear communication with our clientele.
Born in the 60s
Speaks English and Serbian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
35138 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting