URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1315466068122686876
Latitude: 36.1939
Longitude: -86.7634
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience modern comfort and prime convenience at Starlet East in Cleveland Park, Nashville. This brand-new boutique condo features a sleek open floor plan, high-end finishes, and versatile sleeping arrangements for up to five guests. Enjoy access to a state-of-the-art cardio gym, a stunning rooftop lounge with downtown views, and ample parking. Perfectly situated just minutes from Broadway, Nissan Stadium, and Nashville’s top dining and entertainment, Music City Loft is your ideal Nashville

Other things to note
Enjoy access to a state-of-the-art cardio gym, a stunning rooftop lounge with downtown views, and ample parking. Perfectly situated just minutes from Broadway, Nissan Stadium, and Nashville’s top dining and entertainment, Music City Loft is your ideal Nashville retreat.

Primary renter must be at least 21 years of age. Guests may be asked to present their government issued IDs upon arrival or anytime during their stay. Do not rent this unit for another party. The primary renter must be staying in the unit.

About the Vacation Rental Unit:

Music City Loft is a modern and stylish studio (one-bathroom) condo located minutes from downtown Nashville in the vibrant Cleveland Park neighborhood. This 445-square-foot unit offers an open floor plan with high-end finishes, maximizing comfort and functionality to accommodate up to five guests. 

The living space features a queen bed with a pull-out twin trundle underneath, sleeping three guests comfortably. The living room also includes a sleeper sofa for two additional guests. The fully equipped kitchen boasts quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances, and all the essentials for preparing meals during your stay. An open-concept design ensures seamless flow between the kitchen, dining, and living areas, creating a welcoming space to relax.

The modern bathroom includes a combination shower and bathtub and is stocked with essentials for a comfortable stay. Guests will also enjoy the convenience of an in-unit washer and dryer.

Step outside to explore the shared rooftop lounge, which offers sweeping views of downtown Nashville. For those who enjoy fitness, the building features a cardio gym equipped with modern equipment.

This studio 1-bathroom vacation rental features:
Queen bed with twin trundle (under queen) - Sleeps 3
Sleeper Sofa in Living Room - Sleeps 2
Maximum Guest Occupancy: 5 Guests (Please note that children under the age of two years still count toward the maximum guest occupancy.)

Parking: 

This unit comes with 2 reserved parking spaces, which are located in the back of the building. Guests will have access to stairs and an elevator.
  
About the Community/Property:

Starlet East is a modern, boutique condo community located in Cleveland Park, offering a mix of urban convenience and quiet charm. Just a short Uber ride to the vibrant heart of Nashville, the property is ideally located near Broadway, Ascend Amphitheater, Nissan Stadium, and some of the city’s most popular bars and restaurants.

Whether you’re here for a music-filled getaway or a relaxing escape, Music City Loft offers the perfect blend of style, comfort, and access to everything Nashville has to offer.

Other details to note: 

Upon booking, you’ll receive timely communications about your trip. Access to your professionally cleaned and sanitized home is also convenient with our custom keyless locks. And, if you need anything before, during or after your stay, our local team is ready to help!

Please be aware that there will be NO refunds for Wi-Fi issues as it’s not guaranteed. If reliable Wi-Fi is a must, you are welcome to bring your own internet hotspot.

Non-negotiable rules: No Smoking or Vaping, No Pets, No Events or Parties, No Firearms. Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am (unless posted signage indicates otherwise).

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 146884195
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/146884195
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Looking to plan a dreamy beach get-away? 30a Seascapes has hundreds of properties, from the salt filled waters of the Gulf, Music City (Nashville), and more. As a #1 rated Superhost, 30a Seascapes provides the best guest experience by way of stunning beachfront properties, topnotch resorts offering fantastic amenities, and excellent customer service. We pride ourselves when it comes to reliable, timely, and clear communication with our clientele.
Born in the 60s
Speaks English and Serbian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
35138 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting