URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/45943394
Latitude: 36.1983
Longitude: -86.7772
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
BCP 1300 | Retro-Chic Retreat in Nashville | BCP 1300

The space
Welcome to BCP 1300, where bold design, modern comfort, and a laid-back vibe come together for the ultimate Nashville getaway. Located in a scenic area on the west side of Nashville, this home is surrounded by rolling hills, wooded landscapes, and a peaceful atmosphere—yet it’s just a quick drive to the city’s best nightlife, live music, and attractions. Whether you're here for a weekend escape, a group trip, or just to experience Nashville in style, this space has everything you need.

What Makes This Place Special

✔ Retro-Chic Design – Bright velour chairs, bold artwork, lush plants, and a neon-lit Nashville skyline wall create an photo-worthy space that’s as fun as it is stylish.

✔ Backyard Hangout Spot – A string-light illuminated deck with a gas grill and seating for the whole group—perfect for dinner under the stars.

✔ Spacious Open-Concept Living – The modern kitchen flows seamlessly into a lounge-worthy living room with a 4K 75" Smart TV.

✔ Plush Sleep Spaces – Three cozy bedrooms with memory foam queen beds plus bonus lofted twin beds for extra guests.

✔ Group-Friendly Setup – A queen sleeper sofa in the living room, multiple bathrooms, and plenty of space to gather and relax.

✔ Full-Size Washer & Dryer – Pack light and refresh your outfits during your stay.

✔ Private Parking – Dedicated driveway spots for two cars, plus additional street parking nearby.

The Space

Main Floor:

•	Open-concept living room with a 4K 75" Smart TV

•	Fully stocked modern kitchen

•	Convertible desk/vanity for work or getting ready

•	Queen sleeper sofa

•	Half bath & full laundry area

Second Floor:

•	Master Suite: Queen bed + private bathroom

•	Bedroom 2: Queen bed + lofted twin

•	Bedroom 3: Queen bed + lofted twin

•	Shared full bathroom

The Neighborhood

✔ Scenic & Laid-Back – Set on the west side of Nashville, this area is known for rolling hills, wooded landscapes, and a peaceful atmosphere, offering a retreat from the city while still being close to the action.

✔ Easy Access to the Best of Nashville – A quick drive gets you to downtown’s nightlife, live music venues, and restaurants. Whether you’re looking for honky-tonks on Broadway, rooftop bars, or late-night bites, you’re in the perfect spot.

✔ Chill & Cool Vibes – The home’s vibrant style and unique design make it a hit for groups looking for something beyond a basic hotel stay.

Local Dining & Drinks

•	Star Bagel – 1.4 miles away. Perfect for breakfast or brunch, this bagel shop serves up fresh, delicious options with plenty of space for group seating.

•	The Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden – 2.2 miles. Delicious burgers and craft beer with a spacious outdoor beer garden. Great for groups looking for a laid-back, fun dining experience.

•	Pinewood Social – 2.5 miles. A trendy spot with bowling, craft cocktails, and a delicious menu. It’s a great place for your group to hang out and enjoy both food and activities.

•	Husk – 2.8 miles. Southern-inspired, chef-driven cuisine with a focus on local ingredients. Beautifully designed for group dining in a historic space.

•	City House – 2.9 miles. A modern Italian spot offering creative dishes and group-friendly seating. Perfect for a family-style meal.

•	Rolf and Daughters – 2.8 miles. Known for its innovative menu and warm ambiance, this spot is great for groups who love pasta and contemporary southern fare.

•	The 5th & Taylor – 2.9 miles. Stylish industrial setting with upscale dining. Perfect for large groups, offering shareable plates and a dynamic atmosphere.

•	Loveless Café – 3 miles. Nashville’s iconic spot for southern comfort food and baked goods. Known for its large portions, perfect for a group gathering.

•	The Twelve Thirty Club – 2.5 miles. A rooftop spot with live music, drinks, and classic American dishes. It’s a perfect place for your group to enjoy a lively atmosphere and great views.

•	Assembly Food Hall – 2.7 miles. A food hall with multiple vendors offering a variety of food options, communal seating, and a lively vibe—perfect for a group looking for variety.

Explore Nashville

✔ Downtown Broadway (~5.3 miles) – Live music & honky-tonks

✔ Germantown (~2.5 miles) – Trendy dining & boutique shopping

✔ Music Row (~6 miles) – The heart of the music industry

✔ The Gulch (~5 miles) – Upscale nightlife & dining

Event Hotspots

✔ Ryman Auditorium (~3.5 miles) – The Mother Church of Country Music

✔ Marathon Music Works (~4 miles) – Live concerts in an iconic venue

✔ Ascend Amphitheater (~4 miles) – Outdoor shows with skyline views

✔ Grand Ole Opry (~11 miles) – Country music’s biggest stage

Book Your Stay Today!

A stylish space, a laid-back neighborhood, and fast access to all things Nashville—BCP 1300 is the perfect spot for your next trip. Whether you’re here for live music, nightlife, or a weekend escape with friends, this one-of-a-kind home is ready to host you.

Meet the Hosts

iTrip Nashville is a dedicated vacation rental company based in Nashville, TN. Our team is committed to providing a five-star experience for the guests we have the honor of hosting. From spotless spaces to seamless check-ins, we ensure that every detail is covered upon your arrival. We’re available 24/7 to assist as needed. Be our guests and allow us to help you create unforgettable memories in Nashville.

★ Love this property but your dates aren’t available? Reach out to us! We manage a variety of unique rentals across the area and would be happy to recommend another property that fits your needs. 

Metro Nashville STR Permit: 201902then8117

Other things to note
Please note that we may collect additional information from you after confirming your booking (usually an email address) in order to comply with local regulations and to provide the best possible experience.

Regulatory Information

2019_028117

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ITrip Nashville
Host User ID: 260899725
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/260899725
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
iTrip Vacations Nashville is a locally owned business that works very hard to provide world-class guest experiences for tens of thousands of guests each year.

Kevin and the entire iTrip staff loves all things Music City and enjoys interacting with visitors and creating wonderful memories for all who travel here or locals getting out and about. 

Please ask if you need anything.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
3663 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting