URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/11387629
Latitude: 36.1857
Longitude: -86.7695
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Located in East Nashville, our guest house is three blocks from restaurant favorites like Folk, Audrey and Red Headed Stranger. Mas Tacos, The Pharmacy and the Five Points area of East Nashville are within a 5 minute drive. 

- PRIVATE - completely detached from our main residence 
- TV in Bedroom and Living Room
- Ryman, Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, live music & the bars on Broadway ~ 8 min drive 
- Superhosts w/ 500+ 5 star reviews!

The space
Welcome to your sanctuary in the city, a luxurious 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom detached apartment nestled in the trendy Cleveland Park neighborhood of East Nashville. Tucked away in the privacy of a backyard dwelling and situated atop a non-operational garage, this unit guarantees tranquility and exclusivity while being within walking distance to Nashville's finest eateries, eclectic coffee shops, and vibrant bars. 

A celebrated gem in the Airbnb community, this unit boasts over 700 glowing five-star reviews and is expertly managed by a dedicated local superhost. Beyond the approval of our wonderful guests, the property has earned acclaim from Airbnb itself through a design collaboration with esteemed designer Phillip Lim, and it has graced the esteemed pages of Conde Nast.

Arrive with ease and park in your dedicated parking pad, conveniently situated right next to the unit. Enter through a private courtyard, an intimate oasis that houses a charming bistro table and chairs - perfect for morning coffees or twilight cocktails.

Step inside to find a designer bathroom, tastefully appointed with a chic tiled shower and elegant brass fixtures. The adjacent kitchen is a chef's dream, fully stocked and ready to facilitate anything from a quick breakfast to a gourmet dinner. Choose between the classic French press or traditional coffee maker, supplied with complimentary coffee grounds to start your day on a caffeinated note. 

In the heart of this radiant unit, you'll find the living room. Awash with natural light pouring in from the abundant windows, it's a space designed for relaxation. Sink into the vintage leather sofa or accent chair, bask in the glow of the authentic mid-century modern faux fireplace, or immerse yourself in a world of entertainment on the 42-inch Roku TV - sign into your own streaming apps. 

Just off the living space, a stackable washer and dryer provide added convenience for longer stays. Retreat to the plush comfort of the king-sized bed, flanked by handy nightstands and a generous walk-in closet equipped with an iron and ironing board. 

This East Nashville gem, built anew in 2015, blends contemporary comfort with classic style, creating a uniquely welcoming and stylish home-away-from-home. Book your stay now and experience the charm of Nashville living first-hand.

Guest access
Nestled behind our primary residence and atop our detached garage, you'll find your exclusive retreat: our guest house. Accessible via a rear alleyway, it's entirely separate, providing the privacy you desire during your stay. If you're bringing a vehicle, rest assured, as we offer a dedicated parking space situated right next to the guest house. 

You are granted full access to the loft along with its private courtyard, allowing you to enjoy a stay that feels truly your own. 

We kindly request you to respect the check-in and check-out times. This schedule ensures that we can carry out thorough cleanings between each guest, guaranteeing that the loft is impeccably prepared for your arrival and each subsequent visitor. We appreciate your understanding and cooperation in this matter.

Other things to note
Neighborhood Respect: Our home is nestled among friendly neighbors. We kindly ask you to respect the local community by observing outdoor quiet hours between 9 PM and 6 AM. Treat our neighborhood as you would your own for a harmonious experience.

Flexible Check-In/Out: Need an early check-in or late check-out? Let us know a day or two before your arrival/departure. We'll try our best to accommodate your request, when available, a $25/hour fee applies.

Security for Peace of Mind: Your safety is important. While our exterior security cameras and interior noise monitors are not actively monitored for guest safety, they help us maintain a secure and respectful environment in line with our rental policies.

Party and Event Policy: To ensure everyone's enjoyment, please note that parties and events are strictly not allowed, though we welcome Bachelorette and Bachelor groups. Any tampering with security equipment may affect your security deposit.

Local Guest Policy: To maintain the quality and security of our properties, we have a special policy for local guests residing within 60 miles of Nashville. If you're a local, please send us an inquiry or a request to book for pre-approval before making your reservation. This helps us ensure a great fit for both our guests and our properties. We appreciate your understanding and look forward to possibly hosting you!

Seamless Check-In: To ensure a fantastic experience for both you and us, we ask our guests to digitally sign a brief rental agreement after booking confirmation. This agreement simply verifies your identity and outlines our straightforward policies on check-in/out, noise, and more, ensuring your stay is enjoyable and hassle-free. We appreciate your cooperation and can't wait to host you!

Ready to Host You: We're excited to welcome travelers from around the world. Message us to start planning your perfect Nashville adventure!

Metro Nashville STR Permit #2021025049

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andrew & Rachel
Host User ID: 1445093
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1445093
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! We are Andrew & Rachel and we are the owners of a full service vacation rental and hospitality company based in Nashville, TN.  We look forward to the opportunity to host you in Nashville and share all that is Music City.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Middle Tennessee State University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
3450 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting