URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1350719092457290981
Latitude: 36.1743
Longitude: -86.7616
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
- First Round is Nashville’s ultimate bachelor pad, built for fun and relaxation.
- Play Golden Tee 3D Golf, darts, air hockey, or mini putt-putt right in the suite.
- Kick back on the private balcony or stream your favorite shows on the flatscreen TV.
- Vibrant bedrooms, including a custom bunk room for flexible sleeping.
Enjoy skyline views, a BBQ, and murals on the shared rooftop.
- Fully equipped kitchen, in-suite laundry, and garage parking (compact spots).

The space
Welcome to The Ultimate Bachelor Pad!

Designed for the ultimate guys' getaway, First Round is where laid-back style meets high-energy fun. This one-of-a-kind bachelor suite is packed with entertainment, from a Golden Tee 3D Golf arcade game and dart board to an indoor mini putt-putt station and air hockey—because every great trip deserves a little friendly competition.

The space features a fully equipped kitchen, a flatscreen TV in the living room, and a private balcony to kick back with a drink. The bedrooms are vibrant and inviting, including a custom bunk room for flexible sleeping arrangements.

When you're ready to take the party outside, head up to the rooftop—a showstopper with panoramic skyline views, outdoor seating, a BBQ grill, and local murals setting the scene for unforgettable nights.

Extras include in-suite laundry for convenience and a parking garage (first come, first served, compact spaces).

Located in the heart of Nashville, First Round is the perfect home base for an unforgettable bachelor trip. Whether you're hitting Broadway or keeping the party going in style, this is the spot to make it happen.

Book now and let the good times roll!

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

East Nashville is one of Nashville's oldest neighborhoods, located just across the Cumberland River. Known for its eclectic and artsy atmosphere, you'll find some of the city's best restaurants, live music venues, shopping, and easy access to Nissan Stadium. Bonus: all of the excitement of Broadway is just a 10-minute Uber drive away. Don't be surprised if you see one of your favorite musicians walking around this neighborhood, as many of them call it home!

Experience Eash Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Please note that the furniture's design may differ from what is showcased in the photos. For any queries, please do not hesitate to reach out.
- This space features a sleep sofa included in the advertised occupancy.
- This home allows up to 2 pets for a fee; undisclosed pets brought without AvantStay’s approval may result in a $500 fine per pet.
- This home is located in a vibrant, centrally located area of Nashville. While most guests love the energy and walkability of the neighborhood, some city noise can be expected, especially on weekends. We provide earplugs and a sound machine to help ensure a comfortable stay, but if you're sensitive to noise, we recommend bringing any additional items that help you sleep.
- Please note that this unit has obstructed balcony views.

Parking Details:
- Parking garage is available on a first-come, first-served basis. Please note: spaces are small and best suited for compact vehicles.
- Additional street parking is available along the sides of the property (first-come, first-served).
- No street parking is allowed directly in front of the building.
- If both the garage and side street parking are full, guests must use a nearby paid parking facility at their own expense.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620316314

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville Hotels
Host User ID: 590443663
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/590443663
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
I'm obsessed with: Country Music
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 years hosting
758 reviews
4.69 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting