URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1400819758293791893
Latitude: 36.13556
Longitude: -86.75769
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Nashville is the perfect backdrop for exploring new boundaries and deepening your connection but finding the right escape...that's another story.

Step into a world where anything goes…where your wildest fantasies can come to life. Naughty in Nashville is a private, luxurious retreat designed exclusively for adventurous couples. 
 
It’s as bold as your desires — boasts sexy amenities — your own personalized pleasure bag to ignite your adventures and take home to continue your pleasures.

The space
Welcome to your ultimate adults only retreat-where indulgence meets intimacy. This private, sensual sanctuary is designed exclusively for adventurous couples and open-minded explorers seeking a luxurious, uninhibited escape.

Behind its discreet exterior lies a world of erotic pleasure. Come inside and enjoy the living room featuring a large TV and grand fireplace-perfect for setting a warm, intimate mood. Whether you’re relaxing between scenes or savoring a quiet moment with a glass of wine, the flickering fire adds the perfect touch of ambiance. 

Two distinct bedrooms serve as private play spaces, each thoughtfully equipped for exploration and erotica. You’ll find:

◦A dazzling, sturdy stripper pole for playful teasing and sultry performances.  
◦Two bold, full-sized St. Andrews Crosses to fully explore the art of surrender and restraint.
◦A custom spank bench for impact play and control.
◦A custom king-sized bondage bed, complete with secure restraints and plush bedding for both comfort and play. 
◦A luxurious, ceiling mounted leather sex swing inviting weightless, rhythmic ecstasy.
◦A sex lounge where anything goes and nothings off-limits.
 
When its time to unwind, step into the oversized walk-in shower. Perfect for a sensual rinse or steamy continuation of the evening.

To elevate your experience, each booking includes a complimentary Pleasure Pack thoughtfully curated for your stay and YOURS to keep. This take-home kit includes:
◦Soft restraints for playful submission
◦A sleek blindfold to heighten every sensation.
◦Silky rope for light bondage or creative ties.
◦A feather tickler for teasing touches.
◦A leather whip for a sharper thrill.

Your safety and comfort are our top priorities. Every surface, play structure and furnishing is thoroughly sanitized with professional-grade disinfectants before each guest arrival. All linens, towels, bedding and rugs are freshly laundered.

Discreet, comfortable, and refreshingly clean, Naughty In Nashville is your safe haven to relax, play and reconnect -without compromise.

Whether you’re new to the world of kink or looking to turn up the heat, Naughty in Nashville offers a safe stylish, clean and judgement-free environment to divulge in your deepest desires.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Marian
Host User ID: 690399342
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/690399342
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
43 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting