URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1179818380589607752
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Downtown Nashville just a short walk from Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and the Country Music Hall of Fame. This stylish 1BR apartment comfortably sleeps up to 6 guests with one queen bedroom and two additional queen beds. Enjoy a private balcony, full kitchen, heated pool, fitness center, sky lounge, and secure garage parking. Perfect for concerts, sporting events, business trips, or a Music City getaway.

The space
Welcome to your stylish Downtown Nashville retreat at The Burnham, perfectly located in SoBro and just a short walk from Broadway's famous live music, restaurants, and entertainment.

Designed for comfort and convenience, this spacious apartment is ideal for couples, families, business travelers, and small groups looking to experience the very best of Music City.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements

Bedroom

Queen bed with premium linens
Private ensuite bathroom

Living Room

Two additional queen beds
Smart TV
Bright open layout with high ceilings
Sleeps up to 6 guests comfortably
🍳 Kitchen

The fully equipped gourmet kitchen includes:

Stainless steel appliances
Quartz countertops
Large kitchen island
Cookware, dishes, utensils, and cooking essentials
Coffee maker and dining space
🌇 Building Amenities

Enjoy full access to The Burnham's luxury amenities:

🏊 Heated outdoor swimming pool

💪 Two-level fitness center & yoga studio

🧗 Rock climbing wall

🌆 Sky lounge with panoramic city views

💼 Two-story coworking and social lounge

🔥 Courtyard with fire pits, grills, and cornhole

🛎 On-site concierge, maintenance, and security

🚗 Reserved garage parking available for $35/night (advance reservation recommended)

📍 Nearby Attractions

🎸 Broadway Honky Tonks – 10-minute walk

🏟 Bridgestone Arena – 9-minute walk

🏛 Music City Center – 3-minute walk

🎤 Ryman Auditorium – 10-minute walk

🏆 Country Music Hall of Fame – 4-minute walk

🏈 Nissan Stadium – 25-minute walk

✈️ Nashville International Airport (BNA) – 10-minute drive

Whether you're visiting for concerts, sporting events, conventions, or simply exploring Nashville, this downtown suite puts you close to everything.

Permit #2018069897

Guest access
The property is keyless and accessed using the LATCH app.

Prior to arrival, you'll receive instructions to download the LATCH app, which serves as your digital key for the apartment, elevators, building entrances, parking garage, and amenities.

If you arrive before check-in or depart after check-out, baggage storage is available on-site through Baggage Bellhop from 9:00 AM–5:00 PM.

Please note that due to the central downtown location, occasional city noise, nearby events, construction, or temporary building amenity closures may occur.

Other things to note
Building amenities, including the pool, fitness center, elevators, and common areas, are managed by the building and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance. Refunds cannot be issued for temporary amenity closures.

Building Rules

No smoking or vaping anywhere on the property. ($500 fine)
No glass containers in the pool area. ($500 fine)
Quiet hours: 10:00 PM–7:00 AM. ($200 fine for violations)
Pool hours: 10:00 AM–8:00 PM.
No pets permitted.
Lost or unreturned parking pass: $25 replacement fee.
Building amenities are shared with residents and guests.
Security cameras are located in common areas including the courtyard, parking areas, lobby, coworking lounge, sky lounge, and pool.

Permit #2018069897

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Louise
Host User ID: 16325349
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/16325349
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi all. I love traveling so I love that Airbnbs are all over so I can stay anywhere in the world. I am constantly on the go. Originally from New York I moved to North Carolina 4 years ago and now have moved my home base a year ago to Nashville.  I am now hosting my places I live in so that others may experience those areas and will enjoy them as much as I do.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
151 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting