URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/52684431
Latitude: 36.13501
Longitude: -86.7868
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 12
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to ’The Wedgewood'

One of the largest purpose built Vacation Rentals in Downtown Nashville and in such an Incredible location close to all of Music City's hot spots.
Hop in a 5 minute Uber to the downtown honky tonks or visit some of Nashville’s great Midtown, Gulch & WestEnd local bars & eateries. Urban trendy Edgehill, Hillsboro Village & The 12th S district are all a short walk away. You are spoiled for choice with places to eat and be entertained!

The space
With a huge rooftop terrace for games and entertainment, a dedicated games room in the converted garage, 4 bedrooms, 3.5 bathrooms and designer finishes throughout, you’ll find this enormous property contains everything you need to have a wonderful visit to Nashville.

Here is a detailed description of the individual rooms and layout:

On the ground floor you have a large converted 2 car garage that is now a games room featuring a variety of activities such as Pinball, Foosball & Ping Pong all while lounging on the couch in front of the TV!
Parking for 2 vehicles is available directly outside of the garage door. You will also find our first bedroom suite featuring a flat screen TV, King sized bed, large closet, rollaway additional single bed and connected bathroom with walk-in shower. (Sleeps up to 3 people on 2 beds)

On the main level from the street you are immediately greeted by a huge living room with custom painted accent walls, a variety of seating choices & a mounted flat screen TV. An optional queen sleeper sofa is also available in this location. (Sleeps up to 2 people on 1 bed).
The living room then flows into a spacious dining area with a large dining table to gather around with friends. Open to it all is the fully equipped kitchen which features a large central island with bar stool seating, granite countertops, tiled backsplash, stainless steel appliances with 6 burner gas cooktop, side by side fridge freezer, a large pantry and all your expected cooking appliances can be found at your disposal. A half bathroom and Cozy bedroom featuring full-size bunk beds are also found on this floor. This bedroom has access to a lovely balcony to enjoy your morning cups of coffee. (Sleeps up to 4 people on 2 beds)

The second floor has 2 very large bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms. The master suite has a king sized bed, a roll away single bed, a mounted flat screen TV and an ensuite bathroom with stand alone shower. (Sleeps up to 3 people on 2 beds). The last bedroom on this floor is simply enormous and has 2 queen size beds, an additional roll away single bed and features a large flat screen TV, huge walk-in closet and a full bathroom suite. (Sleeps up to 5 people on 3 beds).

If you are staying for a while and need to do laundry while in town, then you'll be pleased to know we have a full laundry room with detergent provided!

Then there’s the rooftop which is quite simply incredible. There is plenty of seating for all of your group with ambient fairy lighting draped from the pergola and a gas fire-pit to sit around retelling stories of your trip, you’ll find this to be the perfect place to relax with friends. Finally if you fancy a game of corn hole, then make yourself at home and enjoy the use of our boards that are included for your enjoyment.

We hope you enjoy your stay with us and choose to visit time and time again.

Here is a list of top Nashville attractions and their approximate Uber/Drive time:

2-5 Mins:
Edgehill - Lots of Bars and Restaurants.
12th South District - Lots of Bars, Restaurants and Boutiques.
Hillsboro Village - Lots of Bars, Restaurants, Shops, Breweries, Theater etc.
The Gulch - Lots of Bars, Restaurants, Shops etc.
Belmont & Vanderbilt University Campus’
The Fairgrounds Super Speed Way
The new Nashville SC Soccer Stadium

5-10 Mins:
Broadway (Honky Tonk Central)
Top Golf
Nissan Stadium (Home of The Tennessee Titans)
Centennial Park - Parthenon
Bridgestone Arena (Home of The Nashville predators)
The Ascend Amphitheater (Outdoor Events Arena by The River)
The Ryman Auditorium
Vanderbilt Stadium

10-15 Mins:
First Tennessee Park (Home of The Nashville Sounds Baseball Team)
Nashville Airport (BNA)

20-25 Mins:
The Gaylord Opryland Hotel & The Grand Ole Opry
Old Hickory Lake - Various Marinas
Percy Priest Lake - Various Marinas

There are also many great places you can walk to from this location.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonny
Host User ID: 24007959
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24007959
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
British immigrant!
Realtor in Nashville since 2005.
Love Sports, Outdoors, Family & Friends
Christian
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5855 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting