URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/24977521
Latitude: 36.155
Longitude: -86.7704
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Walk to Broadway • Free Parking • Balcony Views!

Clean, comfy, and close to everything — just blocks from Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and the best of downtown Nashville!

Prime location — walk everywhere or grab a short Uber to The Gulch and top attractions

Free gated parking included (a rare downtown bonus!)

Private balcony with skyline views

1 king + 1 queen bed (sleeps up to 5)

Fully equipped kitchen, washer/dryer, Wi-Fi & Smart TVs

Complimentary coffee, oatmeal, and snacks

Secure bui

The space
Please Read entire description prior to booking: If any member of your group is loud, obnoxious or disrespectful this condo is NOT for you. In conclusion, this is a quiet neighborhood so if you tend to be a loud group we ask that you leave the partying for downtown, out of respect for the other residents.Even though we are located downtown, our community is a sweet little place with a combination of residents (some who work from home), business travelers, families and tourists. (We do have a townhome that is soundproofed in a different area that might be a better fit!) 

This is a high demand, roomy one bedroom condo in one of downtown Nashville's best areas! It is in downtown, steps away from Husk (named the best restaurant in the nation in 2013 by Bon Appetit)! This condo has been remodeled, and is quite spacious for a city condo. It has a well appointed bathroom with walk-in tile shower, washer/dryer and walk-in closet that could be used for a small dressing room. It does only have one bathroom, though we have placed two vanity/desks in the condo to assist with getting ready! There's also a nice sized patio overlooking the clubhouse, common area, grills, and Husk! 
We are 4 blocks to Music City Center/Hall of Fame, 6 blocks to Broadway, 8 blocks to Bridgestone Arena and just across the river from Nissan Stadium. Free Parking!

Tyler and I have created an incredible list of favorites, it is (Email hidden by Airbnb) and you are free to use it even if you don’t stay with us 

There is a comfortable king bed in the bedroom and a queen in the former dining area. This unit is great for up to 4 people. 

We pride ourselves on providing a clean home for our guests. We hire cleaners that not only work hard, but are friends of ours. They treat the property as their own and we pay them well, resulting in a slightly higher cleaning fee. It goes back to them, not some major company paying their workers minimum wage. We also give bonuses to our cleaners when guests leave feedback stating how clean the home is, which happens often. If during your stay, anything isn’t up to your standard please let us know and we will address it immediately!

Click our profile picture to see the links to all our properties, they're all awesome!

Guest access
Guests may use the community grill, the green space and the parking! There are two pools located at a nearby bar called Pinewood Social! It’s a farm to table bar/restaurant only two blocks away and has two outdoor pools, a bowling alley, and bocce ball. You can get bar service while you enjoy their pools and overlook our gorgeous skyline.

Other things to note
Location, Location, Location! Free Parking! 
Our condo complex is one of the only downtown condos permitted for vacation rentals. We are blocks away from luxury hotels, the location is truly the top reason travelers love this property! We are near everything downtown and the Music City Convention Center if you are here for business.
Crib is a Pack 'n Play

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jessica Joy Tammaro
Host User ID: 30995912
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/30995912
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We’re passionate hosts who love creating memorable experiences for you. As frequent travelers ourselves, we know the value of seamless communication, personalized recommendations, and thoughtful attention to detail. From the moment you book, we’re here to make sure your stay is stress-free & enjoyable. Whether it’s answering questions, sharing local tips, or ensuring every detail is just right, we’re committed to making your trip unforgettable!
My work: EXP Realty
Most useless skill: I have Blockbuster's phone # memorized
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
4534 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting