URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/960189628060719158
Latitude: 36.1476
Longitude: -86.7662
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
New Luxury Home right off of 2nd Ave S! Go anywhere downtown quickly and enjoy your proximity to the city with your group! The perfect place for any occasion with enough space for large groups! If you're here for a reunion, a business trip, a company retreat or simply looking for a place to entertain your guests, this is it! Before your check-in, you will be given a uniquely programmed code for you to access the home easily in your own timeframe, no need to meet for a key or access!

The space
Feel right at home in our gorgeous 3 bedroom and 2.5 bathroom you will have full access to located central to everything Nashville is well known for!

The perfect place for any occasion with enough space for large groups! If you’re here for a reunion, a business trip, a company retreat or simply looking for a place to entertain your guests, this is it! This home is sure to provide you with everything you need for your stay. Before your check-in, you will be given a uniquely programmed code for you to access the home easily in your own timeframe, no need to meet for a key or access!

Our uniquely decorated home is set up so that everyone staying has plenty of room in the three spacious bedrooms. Our bedrooms have ample bedding for large families or groups. The bedrooms offer a total of five beds: one queen, one bunk bed and three double beds. Each bed has a memory foam mattress so that you can have a good night’s rest!

We especially love the rooftop deck where you can spend time together to share stories, drinks, have a good meal or simply cherish each other’s company as you take in an amazing view of the city!

The kitchen has stainless steel appliances and a large island to give you enough space to prepare your meals! Stocked with basic cooking supplies, dishes, a coffee maker and more, you’ll have everything required for your cooking needs. The living room features an amazing space for supreme leisure with friends or family. The living room is an open floor plan, perfect for your entire group to spend time together during your stay and is accompanied by a comfy sleeper sofa for extra sleeping accommodations.

This is the perfect home to stay in for your visit to the music city!

Guest access
Nice to meet y'all! We're Kalos Dwellings - we're two husband and wife duos, but best friends above all. We're Nashville locals and here to serve. We're happy to host you and invite you into our little corner of Nashville. 

Kick back, relax and get comfortable! With our homes, you’re always renting the Entire Space. You’ll have the place all to yourself & feel like you're at your home away from home!

Other things to note
- Parking: Access to parking is via the alley behind the home. There is a gated carport with the address of your home that can fit up to 2 vehicles. On Street parking to the side of the home is also available.
- Minimum age to rent the home is 21.
- We love our furry friends, and they need a vacation too! We allow dogs that is under 30 lbs and non- shedding (up to 2 dogs). If your pup fits that criteria, we’d love for you to bring them along. A one-time, non-refundable pet fee of $150 will be added to your reservation. Thank you for understanding!
- Vacation disruptions can be a bummer. While it doesn’t happen often, you may experience issues with Wi-Fi. We are not responsible for any disruptions to the Wi-Fi service or any construction that may affect your experience. Please note that such occurrences are beyond our control, and we appreciate your understanding and patience in these matters.
  
This home is proudly managed by Kalos Dwellings, we're excited to welcome you into our lil slice of Nashville. Please don't hesitate to reach our if you have any questions at all.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kalos Dwellings
Host User ID: 351901804
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/351901804
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Sarah and I am one of the co-founders of Kalos Dwellings along with my husband, Dustin, and our best friends, Aaron and Tara.  
Our entire team of hosts are here for anything you need during your stay!
My work: Kalos Dwellings
Fun fact: We are family owned and operated.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
4961 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting