URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/702889630557428508
Latitude: 36.1941
Longitude: -86.7783
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This modern style 2 bedroom 2.5 bathroom East Nashville townhome is perfect for group trips if you're looking for something centrally located in the heart of the city. We are only a 5 minute drive to downtown Broadway and 5 minutes to East Nashville bars and dining! Other features of the home include an attached 2 car garage with electric vehicle hookups & an open floor plan perfect for entertaining including a chefs kitchen. We cant wait to host, welcome to Music City!

The space
The home is 2 bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms and sleeps 8 comfortably. The primary bedroom is on the 3rd  floor & features a king bed and ensuite bathroom w/ stand in shower. You will also find the 2nd bedroom on the 3rd floor that features a Queen over twin bunk and also a pull out trundle twin size bed w/attached ensuite bath. You can also use the couch in the living area as another sleeping space as it folds down into a queen size bed. The kitchen is open concept to the living room for easy gathering and entertainment. There is a patio off of the second bedroom and entertainment space.

Only a 5 minute Uber ride to downtown attractions like Broadway, Country Music Hall of Fame, Top Golf, and much more! Want to check out the local scene? East Nashville is the hippest part of town and offers tons of great food and nightlife; be sure to check out the famous " 5 Points". This home has every amenity imaginable including a two patio decks, fully stocked kitchen with coffee, shampoo, conditioner, soap, and multiple lounging areas. The kitchen is fully stocked with everything needed to whip up your favorite meal and we also provide a Keurig coffee maker w/complimentary Starbucks coffee. Be our guest!

All properties are contactless checkin. Please be sure to arrive to checkin between 4pm & 8pm. If you do arrive later, you will still be able to checkin but may not have assistance if needed. Checkin time is always 4pm unless approved in writing by management. If you book and edit your checkin time to be earlier than 4pm, you will not be able to checkin until 4pm.

If making a reservation with a same day checkin, checkin time is subject to change depending on cleaning schedule for that day.

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the whole home.

Other things to note
- You may be asked to complete documentation such as a rental agreement or provide other information for Chady Property Management after booking reservation.

Amenities:
-Brand new furnishings throughout home.
-Smart TVs to login to your subscription accounts.
-We do not have cable but you can log into your Netflix, Hulu, and other subscription account.
-Hi Speed WiFi 
-Keurig coffee station with Starbucks coffee provided. 
-Fully stocked kitchen.
-Bathroom essentials provided.
-Extra blankets and pillows provided.
-Washer/Dryer in unit
- There's one security camera installed in the garage, positioned to face the garage door

-Quiet Hours 10PM-8AM
-No events or parties allowed - no exceptions.
-No unregistered guests allowed on property.
-No pets allowed! We love pets, but unfortunately, they’re not allowed at this property. Please note that an unauthorized pet will result in a $500 fee.
-No smoking of any kind inside home. $500 fine strictly enforced. 
-As a company wide policy, we do not accept bookings from locals. Locals that book without first inquiring are subject to cancellation without a refund. 
-Please do not re-stage or move any furniture during your stay to prevent damage and maintain the property’s condition.

Please note: if any of the above rules are broken or if we receive a call from neighbors or authorities, guest will be asked to leave the property immediately. We love our community and want everyone to be able to enjoy the peace and tranquility that the space provides. Thank you for understanding.

No pets allowed!

To help us maintain a clean, safe, and enjoyable home for all guests, we ask that you follow our house rules. The fees below cover the additional costs of rule violations, extra cleaning, or damages needed to restore the property to its original condition.

$500 - Smoking inside the property 
$500 - Unregistered guest(s)         
$500 - Unregistered pet(s)         
Minimum $150 - Excessive trash requiring additional cleanup or removal 
Actual cost incurred - Excessive cleaning beyond normal turnover 
Actual repair or replacement cost - Damages to the property, furnishings, or amenities 
Replacement cost - Missing or stolen items 

Listing provided by Chady Property Management.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chady Property Management LLC
Host User ID: 407199764
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/407199764
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
4198 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting