URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/16884955
Latitude: 36.1365
Longitude: -86.8186
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Located in a terrific neighborhood with 1920s bungalow homes and sidewalks, this private MOTHER-IN-LAW APARTMENT has a light-filled sunroom. French doors with frosted glass lead into a bedroom and bath. There is a VERY small kitchen with everything you need. Located very close to Vanderbilt, Belmont, Music Row and Hillsboro Village, and convenient to I-440 and a bus stop, you're a short drive to downtown-10 mins. Very cute, quaint place. Texas-sized hospitality included. (permit 2017/009860)

The space
You have your own apartment suite (connected to the main house, with no access to the main house and we have no access to your unit) with a private entrance and access to a semi-private deck in the backyard. This place is a quick Uber/Lyft ride away from downtown and all the sights of Nashville. It's not walking distance to Broadway, but it's only a short 3.5 mile car ride. A terrific location for visiting Vanderbilt, Belmont or Lipscomb Universities. You can even walk to a Vandy game, as the athletic complex is 1.3 miles away. Or tailgate at the local elementary school, just up the street. 

There is a queen bed in the bedroom that is very comfortable, and the entry room is filled with windows surrounding a VERY comfortable sofa bed (there is NO center bar so we mean it when we say comfortable). The eclectic furniture and Texas touches make this quaint little apartment a real steal for the price. Here are some details:

NOTE: You have to walk through the bedroom to get to the BATHROOM.  So just know that...

The thermostat is not in the unit, but you can always let us know your desired temperature. We typically set it in the low 70s in the summer and high 60s in the winter. There is an AC window unit for the sunroom/sleeper sofa area.

There is room for up to four people to fit comfortably. With a queen bed and a full sofa bed, the MAXIMUM NUMBER OF PEOPLE IS FOUR. Feel free to ask questions!

You have your own little tiny kitchen, including pots and pans, crystal wine glasses/champagne flutes, and a fridge with some drinks and condiments. The bathroom has a shower with great water pressure, shampoo/conditioner/shower gel, and a pedestal sink. We have cotton balls, qtips and cotton pads, make up remover, toothpaste, all sorts of stuff! See the photos for more info. 

There is a small television with Roku. We have fast wifi so you can watch  on your devices if you prefer.  And there is a sports bar or two nearby as well, for those really big sportsball events.

We provide sheets, towels, pillows, an assortment of K-cup coffee, sweetener, plates, cups, silverware, wine key and lots of the comforts of home. You will really like this cute, cozy space. 

THIS IS NOT A UNIT FOR THOSE WITH MOBILITY ISSUES, OR TROUBLE WALKING UP INCLINES OR STAIRS. You MUST be able to walk up stairs with minimal railing from the sidewalk up to the unit. If you do NOT feel comfortable with what you see in the photos, please do not rent this unit. We want you to make it safely in and out so we are managing your expectations.

Also we are not set up to accommodate young children, especially those under the age of 9. 

Full disclosure: there are NO indoor cameras, there are outdoor cameras on the property. NO cameras are located in the unit.

Check out the HOUSE RULES for more info (by renting the property you are automatically consenting to the HOUSE RULES).

Guest access
This whole space is YOURS! You share a wall with the main house but we don't have access to your unit. A perfect getaway for the weekend, for a whole week, or for a month (or more!) while you work in town or visit, at Vanderbilt, Lipscomb, Belmont, Music Row or downtown. 

You even have access to your own semi-private deck in the very large back yard, and you are welcome on our larger deck with a porch swing and additional chairs and dining table. There may be an aboveground pool during summer months for a refreshing way to cool off (to use at your own risk) and a pool house made out of recycled materials. You'll LOVE this space!

You'll also have access to a charcoal grille and tools to go with it. Just let us know!

Parking is on the street directly in front of the unit, and there are plenty of folks walking dogs and exercizing and enjoying the neighborhood. Please do not park in the driveway. Welcome!

Please note that this unit is NOT set up to accommodate young children under age 9, nor those with ANY MOBILITY issues. See the PROPERTY DESCRIPTION for more info.

Other things to note
This place is adorable and fully stocked with charm. You'll find concert posters of our personal Nashville friends on the walls, and touches of Texas everywhere you look. 

Born in Austin and living in Nashville, I still call Texas "home" and always will. But I have lived two places in my life: Texas and Tennessee, and I plan to die in one or the other (hopefully Texas, because, you know, I'm from Texas....)

Even if you aren't a Texas-o-phile, you'll still enjoy the convenience of this quaint apartment. We are on the property next door in the main house and usually poking around in the backyard on nice days as we have plenty of art projects in process back there that add to the character of the property. 

And please remember we are NOT set up for small children under the age of 9, and please do NOT rent our place if you have ANY mobility issues. Please see the site description of the unit for more details. Thx!!

And check out the HOUSE RULES for  additional info. Thanks!

Registration Details
2007/009860

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sheryl
Host User ID: 112606556
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/112606556
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Native Texan from Austin, I transplanted to Nashville in the late 80s. I enjoy classic country and TX music, and Western dancing. I love to travel, have two kids, a fantastic husband (Chris), and enjoy people. 

I am also a tour guide for Dabble Events, and we take you all over the city in a van and tell you stories about Nashville and eat really amazing local food.

I hope you enjoy your stay. 

See you in Nashville!
Where I went to school: Vanderbilt
My work: tour guide/CBD sales
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
274 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting