URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1754021383490739101
Latitude: 36.1955
Longitude: -86.7737
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Watch the downtown skyline light up from your private rooftop deck. This 3-level townhome near downtown Nashville sleeps 10 in 3 bedrooms (2 kings, 2 queens), each with its own en-suite bath, plus a half bath. 2-car garage, washer/dryer, fast Wi-Fi and keyless self check-in, about 2.4 miles from Lower Broadway. No pets, parties or smoking.

The space
Spend your days exploring Music City and return to a Nashville vacation rental with room to unwind together. This three-level townhome combines private bedrooms with practical amenities for your stay, including laundry facilities and a kitchen that opens directly onto the deck.

Three full en suite bathrooms give each bedroom its own getting-ready space, while an additional half bathroom serves the top level.

Sleeping arrangements and floor plan

Bottom level

Bedroom 1: King bed with a full en suite bathroom.
Garage

Second level

Bedroom 2: King bed with a full en suite bathroom.
Bedroom 3: Two queen beds with a full en suite bathroom.

Third level

The top level features the kitchen, a half bathroom, and a washer and dryer. Step directly from the kitchen onto the walk-out deck for a breath of fresh air between Nashville adventures.

Additional sleeping arrangements

Sleeper sofa
Queen air mattress

Amenities at a glance

• Entire townhome for your group’s exclusive use
• Three bedrooms and 3½ bathrooms
• Two king beds and two queen beds
• Full en suite bathroom in every bedroom
• Sleeper sofa and queen air mattress
• Private walk-out deck
• Kitchen
• Washer and dryer
• Garage
• Contactless, keyless self check-in
• 24/7 guest support from Playlist Properties

Located on Fern Avenue in Nashville, Tennessee, this townhome offers a home base for a trip filled with live music, dining, sports, and sightseeing.

Build your Nashville itinerary around:

• Broadway: Explore downtown’s honky-tonks and live-music venues.
• Ryman Auditorium: Plan a concert outing or visit this historic music venue.
• Nissan Stadium: Include a game or scheduled event in your trip.
• Bridgestone Arena: Head downtown for sports or live entertainment.
• Music City Center: Plan transportation for conventions and business events.
• East Nashville and Five Points: Explore restaurants, coffee shops, and neighborhood businesses.

For flights, check your route to and from Nashville International Airport (BNA). Allow extra travel time during peak traffic, concerts, conventions, and sporting events.

Guest access
You’ll have private access to the entire property, including the townhome, deck, and garage.

Check-in is contactless and keyless. You’ll receive an entry code and arrival instructions before your stay, allowing you to let yourself in at check-in time.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting