URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/957924978162109134
Latitude: 36.1683
Longitude: -86.8128
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
🎤 Live like a country superstar in this stunning, professionally designed home inspired by the glitz, glam, and heart of country music! Whether you're planning a bachelorette party, girls’ getaway, family trip, or just want to experience Music City in style, this spacious retreat for 10 is your ultimate home base.

📍 5 Min – Centennial Park & The Parthenon  
📍 8 Min – Germantown’s trendy restaurants  
📍 10 Min – Broadway’s Honky Tonks & Bridgestone Arena  

★☆ Experience Nashville With Us ★☆

The space
KEY FEATURES:
★Sleeps 10; 4 bedrooms, 1 king, 3 queen, 1 couch bed
☆4 full bathrooms
★No chores
☆High-speed reliable Wi-Fi (complimentary)
★Pet friendly: Bring up to 2 medium-sized dogs, free of charge!
☆Free and secured parking
★Fully-stocked coffee bar (Nespresso, Coffee Maker, French Press, Premium Coffee Syrups, Creamer and Sugar)
☆Modern and well-equipped kitchen
★Professionally designed
☆Onsite washer/dryer
★Keyless entry
☆Large rooftop with fire pit and mini golf
★Amazing views of downtown Nashville
☆Free parking
★Karaoke machine
☆Smart TV's (login required)

Don't just take our word for it, hear what our past guests had to say!

“Carrie’s rhinestone was absolutely beautiful! I’d stay here over and over again anytime visiting Nashville!”

“We had a great time during our stay! The place was very clean, comfy and cozy! Kush & Ana were very responsive! They went above and beyond with all the amenities and quick to answer any questions we had during our stay!” - Losiak

“Great place, great folks!” -Lowell

☆☆ BEDROOMS / BATHROOMS ☆☆

Our 4-bedroom townhouse is a true gem, offering a distinctive experience with ample space for 10 to relax comfortably. Each bedroom is equipped with its own appointed bathroom, TV, and walk-in closet. 

First Level
Bedroom 1: 1 Queen bed. En suite bathroom with shower/tub combo. 

2nd Level
Bedroom 2: 1 Queen bed. En suite bathroom with shower/tub combo. 

3rd Level
Bedroom 3: 1 Queen Bed. En suite bathroom with shower tub combo.

Bedroom 4: 1 King Bed. En suite bathroom with standing shower and double sink vanity.

☆☆ KITCHEN / LIVING AREA ☆☆

The 2nd level of our house features an open floor plan with a kitchen, dining room, and living room. 

The bright and airy kitchen is fully equipped with all the appliances, utensils and cookware you need to feel right at home. Wake up to our coffee bar’s curated selection of brews right at your fingertips. You may just find yourself bypassing that Starbucks trip altogether!

After a day of exploring the vibrant Music City, our modern living area provides the ideal haven for unwinding and relaxation. 

☆☆ ROOFTOP ☆☆

Make the rooftop your exclusive Southbound oasis, featuring a cozy fire-pit, a TV, a mini-golf setup, and a welcoming dining area. This exceptional space offers the perfect viewpoint to savor the breathtaking sunset at the close of an unforgettable day.

★☆ Book Today & Let Us Take Care Of You In Nashville! ☆★

Guest access
We guarantee a private stay. No sharing, no disturbances. 

Guests will be given a unique code to enter and will have private access to the entire home.

Other things to note
★ We only accept bookings for those over 25.

★Private Parking:
Parking for one medium-sized car in a closed garage. Parking behind the property is available but limited, and we recommend ride share if possible. 

★Nashville is a thriving metropolitan city with incredible character and personality. Please be thoughtful of your safety when traveling! As you would with any major city, don't forget to take any valuables out of your car and keep your home locked.

★The property will sleep ten comfortably and twelve at max capacity

Please note: A $500 security deposit is required for your stay. it will be automatically returned after your stay, provided there are no damages. Failure to provide the deposit will result in cancellation of your booking.

STR Permit #2023038995

Registration Details
2023038995

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kush & Ana
Host User ID: 444756444
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/444756444
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville Luxury Stay, founded by Kush and Ana Ratwani, is dedicated to providing exquisite vacation rentals in the heart of Nashville, a city close to our hearts. As healthcare professionals, we understand the significance of taking time off from our demanding and high-stress careers. Each of our properties is meticulously designed to offer a one-of-a-kind experience, ensuring that you feel as comfortable as you do at home.
My work: Physician
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
212 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting