URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/33266760
Latitude: 36.02744
Longitude: -86.71278
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Ranch style remodeled home that has been newly remodeled January of 2024!  Tucked away in the hills overlooking Lennox Village. Outside of the hustle and bustle of the city, yet still close to many great restaurants, shopping, and other attractions including only 2 miles from the heart of Brentwood, 10 miles to downtown Nashville, and 17 miles to Franklin, TN as well as the beautiful Arrington Vineyards. This central location gives you many great options to enjoy in the greater Nashville area!

The space
This is a 3 bedroom ranch style home with a finished basement. Guests have access to the 3 bedrooms and 1 bath on the upper level of the home while the finished basement is closed off and occupied with a private entrance. Enjoy the brand new nice deck and the sunroom and the front porch with a large yard. Guests will have total privacy in their living space.

Bedrooms:
All three bedrooms have very comfortable queen mattresses.  The rooms have black out blinds for sleeping as late as you’d like.  Also each room has full size mirrors.  Each room has its own closets as well. If needed we have extra sheets and comforters. Each room has lamps in them with chairs and bohemian light fixtures. 

Kitchen:  
The kitchen is wide open with wood beams and vaulted ceiling.  Lots of space with barstools at the bar top and also a wood kitchen table that can seat 8.  Also it has recessed lighting and open area that you can see the living room, with opening to the sunroom, main entrance, and the large deck with sun chairs and rocking chairs. 

Front patio:
Front patio has two rocking chairs and scenic vies with landscaping.  The house has had over 20 thousand in landscaping done.  From privacy trees, to palm plants like the Sabal minor and needle palm.  Also thuja green giants, Annabelle hydrangeas, skip laurels, and limelight hydrangeas.  

Sunroom: 
Sunroom has a huge outdoor fan and 6 person dining table.  The view is incredible here overlooking all of south Nashville with a church that lights up at night. 

Back Deck: 

Back deck has two large comfortable sun bathing loungers, with two rocking chairs and also two bohemian chairs.  Also a few other plastic chairs if you need them for extra guest. 

House at night has motion lights and also landscaping light. 

House is close to lakes and rivers and many parks, zoo, and recreational areas, restaurants, and leisure activities. 

Open kitchen concept with amazing views from the huge sunroom and brand new deck.  
House has everything you want with a huge yard as well.  

All bedrooms have queen beds and are supper comfortable, each room has big mirrors, and closets to accommodate guests.  House has been fully renovated in 2024.

Guest access
All parts of the house on the upper level are for guest, the basement is occupied and closed off.  Park all cars in the driveway, due to short term rental laws in Nashville a maximum of 3 cars is allowed.  Please don’t park anywhere but in the driveway with all vehicles.

Other things to note
Please no smoking whatsoever inside the house.  Late checkout without host approval will result in 100 dollars for each hour past checkout.  Anything past the original checkout time starts the 100 dollars.  Please throw away any trash and do all the dishes when checking out.  Throw towels into a pile and bed sheets.  Also please dump all food items out of fridge.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonathan
Host User ID: 165608670
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/165608670
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I live in Nashville Tennessee and love to travel!  I also love nature, animals, and meeting new people from all over the world!  The world is so beautiful filled with hidden gems throughout, you just have to find them
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
242 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting