URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1453220679333084940
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Music City Vibe Club, a speakeasy-inspired party haven just 8 minutes from Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, Music City Center, Country Music Hall of Fame, and all of Nashville’s best.
Take in stunning pool views from our large balcony! This spacious, top-notch unit is designed for an unforgettable experience and perfect base for your Nashville adventure.
Fully equipped kitchen, stocked supplies, fresh coffee, cozy beds, and premium linens.
Free parking in gated garage.
Perfect party vibe

The space
🎧 Music City Vibe Club #358 | Downtown Nashville Speakeasy Party Pad | Sleeps 8
Welcome to Music City Vibe Club – your private VIP lounge in the heart of downtown Nashville!
📍 Unit #358 | Burnham Building
If you're here to party like a rockstar, celebrate with your crew, and make memories that’ll last forever—this is the spot. Just steps from Broadway’s legendary honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, the Ryman, and Nashville’s best bars, this speakeasy-inspired condo brings big vibes, high style, and everything you need for an unforgettable weekend.
🔥 Why You’ll Love Music City Vibe Club:
🎉 Party-Ready Setup – Perfect for bachelor/bachelorette weekends, birthday bashes, girls/guys trips, or friend getaways
🛌 Sleeps 8 Comfortably – Two bedrooms, bonus beds, and luxe linens for the whole squad
🎧 Speakeasy-Style Lounge – LED & neon lighting, massive projector screen, plush sectional, and fully equipped DJ booth
🌆 Luxe Balcony with Pool Views – Insta-worthy backdrop for pregame pics and chill vibes
☕ Fully Stocked Kitchen – Keurig + complimentary pods, cookware, dishes, and more
📍 Walk to Broadway, the Ryman, Ascend Amphitheater & Nashville’s top attractions
🛋️ Your Private Nashville Nightclub (aka the Living Room)
This isn’t just a living room—it’s your personal nightclub:
Neon & LED lighting to set the mood
DJ station with booth + booming sound system
Huge projector screen for epic visuals or movie marathons
Plush lounge sectional—perfect for chilling or hyping up
Fast, reliable Wi-Fi to stream your party playlist or share moments in real time
This space was built for pre-games, after-hours, and full-on living room raves.
🛌 Bedrooms Built for the Whole Crew
Master Suite:
King-size bed w/ luxury linens
Ensuite bathroom
Closet stocked with air mattresses, rollaway beds, extra pillows & blankets
Second Bedroom:
Two queen beds + sofa bed
Private bathroom
Glam station with vanity mirror – perfect for getting ready before hitting Broadway
Bathrooms are fully stocked with:
Shampoo, conditioner & body wash
Fresh towels
Premium hair dryer
Toilet paper & essentials
🍽️ Kitchen & Dining – Fuel the Fun
Fully equipped kitchen
Keurig coffee maker + FREE pods
Toaster, cookware, dishes & glassware
Great space for group meals or drink mixing before a night out
🌇 Private Balcony = Prime Chill Spot
Your private balcony overlooks the pool and courtyard—perfect for:
Morning coffee
Happy hour
Post-party cool down
Insta worthy moments with the city vibe in full view
💦 Burnham Building Amenities
Your party pad comes with exclusive access to:
🏊 Swimming Pool – Open year-round; VIP cabana rentals available
🧗‍♂️ Rock Climbing Gym – Work off the night before or just flex for the ‘gram
🔥 Outdoor Fireplace – Chill, swap stories, or toast marshmallows
🍔 Propane Grill + Courtyard – Host a next-level BBQ with your crew
🌇 Sky Lounges + Hangout Zones – Catch the sunset, play games, and vibe with new friends
📍 Unbeatable Downtown Location
Walk to Nashville’s most iconic spots:
🎸 Lower Broadway Honky-Tonks – Live music & dancing until 3 AM
🏟️ Bridgestone Arena – Catch concerts, hockey games & more
🎤 The Ryman Auditorium – The “Mother Church” of country music
🎶 Ascend Amphitheater – Stunning outdoor shows
🍽️ Surrounded by top restaurants, rooftop bars, and trendy cafes
💡 Perks & Extras
🔧 24/7 Emergency Maintenance – Because the party doesn’t stop
🅿️ 1 FREE Gated Parking Spot (additional available upon request)
💬 Responsive host team—just a message away if you need anything
📢 Book Your Epic Nashville Stay Now!
Whether you're celebrating a major milestone or just need a weekend to remember, Music City Vibe Club #358 is where style, celebration, and good times collide.
With custom lighting, a built-in DJ setup, and room for your whole crew, this isn’t just a stay—it’s an experience.
📸 Lights, vibes, action—book now and make downtown Nashville yours.

💬 A Personal Note From Your Host:
Hey y’all — and welcome to Nashville! 🎸
I created Music City Vibe Club #358 with one goal in mind: to give you and your crew the ultimate downtown experience. Whether you're here for a bachelor/bachelorette bash, a birthday weekend, or just a well-earned getaway with your favorite people, this space was built for unforgettable memories.
From the speakeasy-inspired lounge to the rooftop views and everything in between, I’ve poured a lot of love (and party vibes!) into this condo to make sure it’s way more than just a place to sleep.
Need help planning your nights out? Want local food or bar recs? Just shoot me a message — I’m here to help make your trip smooth, stress-free, and seriously epic.
Thanks for considering Vibe Club #358 for your Nashville adventure. I’d be honored to host your crew and help you make memories that’ll last a lifetime.
Cheers & honky-tonks,
Your Host
🤠

Guest access
This entire apartment complex along with this unit is accessed by a keyless smartphone entry system called Latch. Please be sure to have it download and watch the tutorial from the link in the email prior to your trip to ensure smooth check-in procedures.  Please keep your phone charged up and have it with you at all times since it is required to access the building and the unit.

If you plan to arrive prior to check-in or leave later than your check-out time and need a place to store your baggage, Baggage Bellhop is available onsite 7 days/week 9AM - 5 PM

Other things to note
Please Note:
While we always strive to provide a comfortable and positive living experience, there are certain factors beyond our personal control that we want to clarify:
We are not responsible for external variables outside of this building, such as noise, construction, or private/public events happening nearby.
This property is part of a larger complex managed by building management, who oversee:
Common areas and shared spaces
Exterior maintenance
Interior maintenance of physical systems and appliances (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, HVAC, and drywall)
When it comes to maintenance requests or issues, we are required to follow the building’s procedures and timelines. We will always do our best to communicate and advocate on your behalf, but please understand that resolution times are ultimately determined by the building’s management and service teams.

This is a multi-unit building, and there may be other guests staying in neighboring units.
While we expect everyone to be respectful, we cannot control the behavior of other guests, including potential noise.
If excessive noise occurs after quiet hours, you may report it directly to the building’s overnight security, who are available to assist.
Thank you for your understanding and cooperation! If you have any questions or concerns ahead of your stay, feel free to reach out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chachthia
Host User ID: 574094927
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/574094927
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
384 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting