URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/2396505
Latitude: 36.1354
Longitude: -86.8127
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This is not your ordinary rental property!  This is our home where designer furnishings, original works of art, exquisite bedding, architectural details and gorgeous garden spaces create a one of a kind experience for you. 
This beautifully appointed historic home is like a high-end luxury hotel, only better, it's all yours at a price that is lower than local hotel rooms!  We love our home and our hometown; we look forward to making your visit unforgettable.

The space
Built in 1928, our  2400 sq. ft. home offers 4 bedrooms, 3.5 baths, large open living & dining spaces, a well equipped kitchen, office space, laundry equipment, exercise equipment, screened porch, patio and beautifully landscaped back yard.

 The house includes original and unique interior architectural design features like a beamed walnut ceiling in the living room, marble mosaic entrance floor, hand forged iron railings, original windows, custom wood moldings & trim, and hardwood floors thoughout.  

Yet this house has a striking modern feel due to our contemporary furnishings and art, and updated and modern kitchen and baths.   Living space expands outside in warmer days with a screened porch that is perfect for napping, a flagstone patio for sunset dinners, a beautifully landscaped back yard and garden that features a porch swing that invites intimate conversations with a cool drink.  And if you need some company, the goldfish in the pond will be happy to oblige.

Adding to the creature comforts of the house are some cool technologies that include:  YouTubeTV; SmartTVs with Amazon Prime and Netflix, Sonos wireless sound system throughout the house and garden.

Spaces in the house include:

On the first floor:
A large sunken living room offers a fireplace, grand Yamaha piano, bright windows, an audiophile's dream sound system,  decorated with designer furnishings and rug.

A cozy TV Sunroom with custom cabinetry that showcases art pieces and a smart TV.

A large dining room with a round table that seats eight. 

An updated kitchen with TV, sound system, gas range, oven, microwave, toaster oven, dishwasher, and complete with all dishes, glassware, cookware and utensils.  A highlight is the Nespresso espresso machine.  

A half bath for convenience.

A  relaxing screened porch with sound system, sofa, chair and chaise that overlooks the back yard.  You can hear the gurgling sound of the fountain in the fish pond as you drift off into a nap.

The second floor includes:
The master bedroom that features handmade contemporary cherry furniture with a King size Tempurpedic mattress, a walk in closet, TV, sound system, ceiling fan and a newly remodeled ensuite marble bath with a working antique copper tub.

The guest bedroom has a Queen Stearns & Foster mattress, ceiling fan, reading area and armoire.   Across the hall is a guest bath, which was the home's original bath.

An office space includes a printer/copier/fax for guest use.

Upstairs on the third floor:
A third bedroom with a Queen memory foam mattress, ceiling fan, sound system and a ensuite bath with shower.  

Artist studio space that serves as the fourth bedroom with a queen bed and a nice view across Vanderbilt University toward downtown Nashville.

And in the basement you'll find a washer & dryer, sound system, and a Nordic Track Elliptical Trainer for your use.

Guest access
You will have full access to the house and its grounds.  The home's driveway offers free parking for you.  We will keep the garage locked, as it will not be available for guest use.  

Preferred check in time is at 2PM, and check out time is 11AM.  However, we can be flexible with some advance notice.

Other things to note
We want to welcome all to our home, however, our house may not be considered kid friendly.  There are many things for little hands to damage here.  So please keep this in mind when booking.  We are happy to make minor changes to accommodate little guests.

Please know that a large Goldendoodle dog lives in our home.  While you should find no evidence of his presence while you are here, folks with a severe allergy to dogs should take this into consideration. 

A note about our TVs:   While our home has 4 TVs, there is no large space for group viewing, and only one bedroom--the Master Bedroom, has a TV.  There is wifi available throughout the house, so streaming video from internet devices would be an option in the other bedrooms.   The other TVs are in the Sunroom/TV room, Kitchen, and in the basement at the elliptical trainer. 

This is a great house, you will love being here.  We often entertain here and host events for friends.   If you are interested in hosting an event or doing some entertaining while visiting our home, please ask first. In some cases, events may require an additional fee or security deposit.   We will do everything possible to make your stay the best it can be!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Bryan
Host User ID: 12098481
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/12098481
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I love to travel and meet new people.  I think hospitality is a gift for both the guest and the host.  Airbnb is an exciting concept to me, so I look forward to helping your trip to Nashville be the best it can be.

I'm an artist that works from my home, that's why this house is so dear to me.  I'm the kind of person that gets to know his surroundings.  I love Nashville and know it well.  So let me know what you're looking for in your visit, and I'll do my best to help you find it.  

In my own travels I have loved sleeping on a cot under the stars beside the Colorado River deep inside The Grand Canyon,  and I loved our extravagant suite in Rome's St. Regis Grand Hotel.   A friend spoiled us with her large beachfront home on the Gulf of Mexico.  And I have enjoyed many a night in a budget motel.  While my travel destinations are varied, I  always appreciate a host that understands travelers and exceeds our expectations.  I hope to be that kind of host.
My work: Self Employed
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
13 years hosting
97 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting