URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1032181574190515043
Latitude: 36.1724
Longitude: -86.7801
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Walking distance to everything -enjoy a stylish experience at this downtown, one bedroom/one bathroom condo with a patio overlooking the Cumberland River and Pool in the heart of Music City Nashville! POOL, GYM, FREE parking, only one mile to Broadway, and just a few blocks to live music, bars, dining, Germantown, the Capitol, the Nissan Stadium, the Nashville Sounds stadium, Top Golf and more. A fun and newly renovated space. The condo is set up with your comfort and convenience in mind!

The space
This condo is newly furnished with your comfort in mind and makes you feel right at home.

BEDROOM FEATURES:
1 King Bed
1 Twin Folding Bed

LIVING ROOM:
1 Queen Sofa Bed

AMENITIES INCLUDE:
Free WiFi 
Flat screen TV’s in living room & bedroom
Fully equipped kitchen
Dining table
Iron/Iron board
Hair dryer
Fresh bed linens
Plush towels
Toiletries - shampoo, conditioner, body soap & body lotion
Cozy pillows 
Vanity stations for ease of getting ready
Dishwasher
Drip coffeemaker & Keriug- coffee, creamer, sugar
Central air-conditioning/heat
Outdoor patio with table overlooking the Cumberland River
Pool overlooking the Cumberland River
Pool towels
Community fire pit
Community gym
Community laundry facility

Do you have a large group?  Stay in the same complex just a few doors apart. Inquire about our other condos that are in the same complex and can accommodate your entire group in one area.

If this space is booked please feel free to inquire about our other accommodation options.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
In addition if you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

CLEANING:
We pride ourselves in providing a clean home for our guests. We hire cleaners that not only work hard, but take pride in their craft. They treat the property as their own and we pay them well for a thoroughly clean home. If during your stay, anything isn’t up to your standard please let us know immediately so that we can make it right for you right away. Your satisfaction is our top priority.

PERMIT: 2022followedby024folllowedby213

Guest access
KEYLESS ENTRY:
Approx 24 hours prior to your arrival, you will receive a unique keypad code that will serve as your keyless entry to the condo during your stay.

GUIDE BOOK:
A book with recommendations for local restaurants, coffee shops, spas and other places to visit is provided in the condo.

FREE PARKING:
Guests have free parking directly at the complex.

POOL:
Guests have access to the pool which overlooks the Cumberland River. Pool towels provided and chaises are on-site.
Pool is seasonal and open May-September. Can close at any time at the discretion of building management. We are not responsible for pool closure. Key card for pool access is provided inside the condo.

GYM:
Gym is located at the very front of the complex.
Key card for gym is provided inside the condo.

LAUNDRY:
Laundry facility (app-based, no cash needed) onsite. Key card for gym access is provided inside the condo.

Other things to note
We have worked very hard to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Please respect, care and be mindful of the surrounding neighbors so that guests can continue to enjoy the space for many years to come.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Please DO NOT ask for an early check in or late check out unless it’s the day prior to your arrival or the day before check out.
We HIGHLY SUGGEST the following if a early check in or late check out is needed:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
Again, Please DO NOT ask for a early check in or late check out unless it’s the day prior to your arrival or the day before check out.

RESERVATION HOLDS:
If you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amanda
Host User ID: 41262034
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/41262034
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
71 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting