Whether you're traveling with friends or family, your group will be minutes to all the best Nashville has to offer when you stay at this centrally-located home!  5 blocks from East Nashville's Five Points, walking distance to Nissan Stadium, 1.5 miles from Broadway and all that downtown has to offer, and less than a mile from the interstate, you'll be able to walk, scoot, or Uber/Lyft to most central destinations in Nashville in 10 min or less!

The space
This amazing East Nashville home has 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, a large kitchen, 2 dedicated workspaces, a huge living room and bonus room.  The outdoor spaces include a large front porch, large front balcony, back porch, and back balcony along with a nicely sized, fully fenced backyard!

The downstairs bedroom has a king bed and is attached to the downstairs bathroom.  Across from the bedroom is the office with a large double desk.  Beyond the office is the butler’s pantry and the kitchen and living room.  This space is open concept, allowing those in the kitchen and living room to easily connect with one another.  The living room has a gas fireplace and an 80” TV.

Up the stairs off the living room you will find the large bonus room with an 86” TV, exercise equipment (including a ProForm iFIT treadmill, a ProForm iFIT stationary bike, and C2 rowing machine), foosball table, and shuffleboard table.  This space also has a bar area with sink and mini fridge.  The couch in this rooms has a queen size sofa bed.  

The laundry room is located off the upstairs hallway, and includes a deep sink for hand wash items.  

The two smaller bedrooms are separated by a Jack & Jill bathroom.  One of these bedrooms has a queen size bed and the other has 2 twin beds.  Each of these bedrooms also has a 55” TV.

Finally, the primary bedroom has a king size bed and an 86” TV.  The door to the front balcony is located in this room.  The primary bathroom includes two sinks, a large walk in shower and separate soaking tub, making for a relaxing, spa-like experience.

The outdoor spaces are just as inviting as the indoor ones.  The front porch is massive, spanning the entire front of the house.  We have two seating areas, including a rocker that can seat up to 3 people.  

The front balcony also spans the entire front of the house.  Located on the balcony is a small table with chairs to enjoy some morning coffee while watching the sunrise or evening cocktail along with a hammock for relaxing.

The back porch, located off the kitchen, leads out to the fenced in backyard where the grill and solo stove fireplace are located.

Finally, the back balcony has a nice seating area for all your guests and is a perfect spot to enjoy the beautiful sunsets over downtown Nashville!

Guest access
Flexible Check-In and Check-Out:
We know travel plans don't always fit neatly into a schedule. If you'd like to check in a little early or linger a little longer on departure day, just let us know. Early check-in and late check-out are subject to availability and carry an additional $50 fee for each. Please reach out at least 24 hours in advance so that we can confirm availability and adjust your reservation. 

You will have access to most spaces within the home with the exception of the garage and upstairs closets.  Clothing racks with shelves for the upstairs bedrooms are provided.

Other things to note
STR Permit #2023041567