URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/590531149993143786
Latitude: 36.15511
Longitude: -86.77088
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
You'll have an entire 2-story condo to yourself! Located in SoBro, the unit comes with a fully stocked kitchen, family room w/ sleeper sofas, dining area for 8, 2 bedrooms, and 2.5 baths.

This unit includes a plush king-sized bed in the master bedroom. The 2nd bedroom has a queen bed and a twin bed with a twin trundle underneath. Each bedroom is connected to a bathroom with a walk-in shower, sink, and toilet.

It’s everything you need to make your trip to Music City a wonderful experience!

The space
RARE FIND! Very few vacation homes are located in downtown Nashville! 

GREAT LOCATION! This inviting two-story townhome is located in the Rutledge Hill neighborhood in the heart of downtown Nashville. This area offers sweeping views of the Nashville skyline and the Cumberland River. At 1,318 square feet, it's rare to find a townhome with this much space so close to downtown attractions. This unit is less than a ten minute walk from Broadway! With a fully stocked kitchen, an open area living/dining room, two bedrooms, 2.5 baths, and two queen sleeper sofas, this townhome has everything you need for your trip to Music City!

WHAT'S INCLUDED? This 2-bedroom unit includes 2 newly remodeled full baths and all new furniture. The master bedroom boasts a roomy king-sized bed with a memory foam mattress . The second bedroom has both a comfy queen bed and a twin bed with a space-saving trundle. Both full bathrooms include a shower, sink, and toilet. Fresh, clean linens and basic toiletries are always provided for our guests. The two living room sofas both turn into queen beds. This unit can comfortably accommodate 1 to 8 guests. 

OUTDOOR AMMENITIES There is also a shared outdoor space with a covered veranda, grill, lounge chairs and tables for outdoor dining. 

FREE PARKING is always available for our guests!

Guest access
This townhome is part of the Rutledge House Condominiums, which are located directly on 2nd Ave. in the Sobro district of downtown Nashville. Free parking, including gated, alley and street parking is available for our guests, which is rare to find in the downtown area. You will have full access to the entire townhome, which includes 2 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, living/dining space, and kitchen. There is one king bed, one queen bed, one twin bed with a trundle, and two queen sleeper sofas. Both full baths have a shower, sink, and toilet. The half bath has a toilet and sink. You are free to use the washer and dryer available in the upstairs hall closet. There are two entrances, both with keypads available 24 hours a day so you don't have to worry about keeping up with keys or those little cards you get at hotels. There is one small step to get onto the front porch, and you will need to go down five steps to get to the back door. This space is two stories, with both bedrooms and full baths being on the top floor, so if you need a place that is wheelchair accessible, this unit is NOT the best choice for you. You will also have access to a shared outdoor space that includes eating and lounging areas, including an outdoor grill.

Other things to note
One of the many features that sets this townhome apart from other vacation rentals in Nashville is its close proximity to Nashville's hottest downtown attractions. The dazzling lights of lower Broadway are less than a 10 minute walk from the front door! Since you are within walking distance of the honky tonks of Broadway, Nissan Stadium (Home of the Tennessee Titans), Bridgestone Arena (Home of the Nashville Preds), the Country Music Hall of Fame, Nashville Children's Theater, you'll save money on Ubers and parking fees. In this creative, vibrant city, there's never a shortage of inspiring things to do!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jennifer
Host User ID: 448740636
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/448740636
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Mom. Wife. Sister. Daughter. Friend.
Born in the 70s
My work: Teacher &AirBnb host
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
153 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting