URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/878440666274505872
Latitude: 36.1628
Longitude: -86.7838
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to "SpeakEasy99"! This condo was specifically designed for guests who want the most UNIQUE Airbnb experience in the heart of downtown Nashville AND being walking distance to just about EVERYTHING! Hidden behind a secret sliding bookshelf door you will find the Jungle Room (King Bed). Push open a mirrored wall to discover the Gold Glowing bathroom. Open and close the doors to our Peacock Room (Queen Bed). But first, make sure you give the Gold Lion Head door the secret passcode to enter.

The space
We’re proud Airbnb Super Hosts and feel incredibly grateful to have earned over 4,000 5-star reviews across our 9 beautiful Nashville condos! If you’re traveling with a group, you’ll be happy to know we have 2 condos in this building, making it easy to stay close while enjoying your own space. We’d love the opportunity to host you!

Speakeasy99 has its exposed brick walls, dim customized lighting, low ceilings, and the perfect downtown location (walking distance to just about everything in the downtown core)....we felt inspired to create a "speakeasy-style" experience for our guests to enjoy! As far as we know, there is nothing like it in Nashville! 

Our condo is FULLY AND NEWLY RENOVATED. We put a tremendous amount of thought and energy into creating a one-of-a-kind,  fun, comfortable, and creative space in the heart of downtown Nashville.

Located on the street level of a gorgeous, historic, 6-story red brick building, this is the only condo in downtown Nashville with it's own walk-up front door entrance (however you can also access the condo through the main building entrance as well). 

Our condo can sleep up to 6 people. It has it all...

1 bedroom with a King size bed (which we call the Jungle Room)
1 bedroom with a Queen size bed (which we call the Peacock Room)
1 full bathroom (and it glows in elegant gold)
Additionally, we offer two hotel-style fold-out cot beds on wheels that can be set up anywhere in the condo in about 15 seconds. Each cot comes fully made with fresh sheets, cozy blankets, and pillows—perfect for extra guests or flexible sleeping arrangements.
1 full kitchen complete with everything you need during your stay. 
A coffee bar!
Plush sheets, towels, and linens (all professionally laundered)
All home amenities including an iron, hairdryer, WiFi, cleaning supplies, etc 

Each bedroom (and the living room) has a Smart TV with access to all streaming options (however please sign into your personal account to access the streaming options).

The building is equipped with a washer/dryer room for any laundry needs while you are in town. The washers and dryers take coins and credit cards. 

For our guests that have a vehicle, parking is not free, but it is super convenient. There is plenty of street side metered parking as well as an indoor/outdoor pay-for-parking lots directly across the street.  

Most importantly...with this condo you get US (Zac and Casey) and we like to think that we are GREAT HOSTS!

Guest access
Guests have full and private access to the entire condo.

Other things to note
Located in the heart of the city, our condo is convenient to many of Nashville's premier destinations. Everything downtown is within a 5-10 minute walk including:

The Country Music Hall of Fame 
The Ryman Auditorium 
ALL of the Honky-Tonk bars on Broadway!
Bridgestone Arena 
The famous Printers Alley 
ALL of Nashville downtown restaurants. 
The Gulch

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Zac
Host User ID: 133757060
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/133757060
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi !
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4708 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting