URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1279817407611000337
Latitude: 36.07865875830336
Longitude: -86.93582127618778
rental_type: Entire bungalow
property_type: BUNGALOW
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 3
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Private, self contained lower level of home with private entrance. Our space is great for everyone from the casual traveler to the aspiring songwriter/musician & more. Please note: we are on a hill. 

Less than a mile to restaurants, bars, a movie theater and more at the “One Bellevue Place” & FORD ICE CENTER! A short 20 minute Uber ride gets you to Broadway downtown Nashville!

Minutes to Natchez Trace or Warner Hiking Trails, fishing, historical attractions and more.

The space
The Bellevue Songbird Retreat is a one bedroom, one bath King Suite completely self-contained lower level of home with private entrance, access to a private deck and access to side yard. (Side yard and deck have steps you must go up to get to - see below and photos for more info!) 

The living room with dedicated workspace, kitchenette with mini-fridge, microwave, Keurig coffee maker, and dishes, makes for a relaxing space for the remote worker, or folks wanting to seek all that Nashville has to offer. 

We have two Smart TV Flat screens, one in the bedroom and one in the living room area. Both come with fire sticks so you can watch some of the free channels offered, or login to your favorite streaming app! 

The bedroom includes a King size bed with lush bedding, small desk for working or make-up application in front of a window for natural light, hangers, clothing rack, fan and more. Great space for two remote workers with two desk spaces.

NOTE: WE ARE ON A HILL. There is an incline to get from the driveway to the pathway that leads to the home, and 3 steps up into the home. If you’re unsteady on your feet, there is NO railing on the pathway so you’ll want to consider that when booking. 

To access the side yard, you go up the tall staircase on the back of the home. See photos. 

We DO NOT ALLOW COOKING beyond using the microwave. We have a microwave provided and you’re welcome to use that for any microwaveable items, but beyond that, we don’t allow any cooking or cooking appliances! 

The grill in the photo is not part of the unit. We do NOT allow grilling of any kind either.

Guest access
In addition to the space itself, you have full access to the private side yard, private tall deck on the front of the home, driveway w two parking spaces, as well as the wooded open space in back of home. 
We don’t use the fenced in yard or deck on the front of the home while guests are here! It’s all yours! 

The side yard is accessible through the staircase on the back of home. See photos for a better idea.

COOKING IS NOT ALLOWED. there’s a microwave provided and microwaveable meals are great, but no other cooking appliances allowed.

No grilling, no butane, no toasters, no crockpots, no cooking appliances or grilling of any kind is allowed on property.

Other things to note
The driveway is a hill, if you’re uncomfortable driving up or down a hill, there is street parking as well. 

PLEASE NOTE: there is an incline from the driveway to the home, and three steps on up into the home. There is no railing along the path to the home. We do not advertise as having handicap accessible features so please consider that when booking. If you’re unsteady on your feet, please consider this when choosing to stay. We’ve included photos for you to see the incline and steps up into the home in our photos section. 

PETS: any damage found after a stay with a pet, will be assessed a $200 cleaning fee for any feces found, and / or if any other damages are found (scratching, rips or tears in furniture, bedding, etc.,) the cost of replacing any damaged property will also be assessed to you as well. 

COOKING IS NOT ALLOWED. there’s a microwave provided and microwaveable meals are great, but no other cooking appliances allowed.

No grilling, no butane, no toasters, no crockpots, no cooking appliances or grilling of any kind is allowed on property.

ANY ADDITIONAL GUESTS MUST BE ADDED TO THE RESERVATION or a $200 fee will be charged.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Ilise (Elise)⁩
Host User ID: 659911439
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/659911439
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Entrepreneur. Been hosting about a year. Appreciate all the small business Airbnb guests & hosts out there!
My work: Musician
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
51 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting