URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1229843007931850637
Latitude: 36.1369
Longitude: -86.7868
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 20
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Taylor & The Influencer—two fabulous side-by-side homes in the heart of Nashville! One is a dreamy Taylor Swift-inspired retreat 🎤, the other a chic, influencer-designed escape 📸. Perfectly located between The Gulch, Twelve South & Hillsboro Village—just 5 mins to Broadway 🎶. Sleeps 24 with stylish bedrooms and elevated design. Ideal for bachelorettes, birthdays & unforgettable group stays! 🎉

The space
✨ The Space ✨

🏡 Sleeps 24 | 2 homes  | 8 rooms 

🚿 6 full bathrooms  | 1 half bath
🚗 Free street parking
📺 TVs & high-speed Wi-Fi
🎤 Karaoke studio – belt it out, bestie!
💄 Makeup room – glow up before hitting the town
🔑 Keyless entry – seamless check-in
📍 SO close to The Gulch (Nash's trendiest neighborhood), 12 South & Broadway

THE TAYLOR
4 bedrooms/3.5 baths - 1,950 sqft/3-story home

THE INFLUENCER
4 bedrooms/3.5 baths - 2,100 sqft/3-story home 

🛋 LIVING ROOM, KITCHEN & DINING 🛋
Each home features a cozy living room is the perfect hangout spot for a family or even a group of 12. It opens to the kitchen, dining space, and a half bath built to mirror the vibrance of a hotel if you're celebrating or the cozy warmth of a luxurious living room if you're relaxing. 

•  Half Bath
•  55” Wifi TV
•  Oven & Range & Microwave
•  Refrigerator/Freezer
•  Dishwasher
•  Drip Coffee Makers
•  Toaster
•  Fully stocked with glassware, silverware, pots & pans
 
😴 SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS - 8 BEDROOMS  😴
With eight hotel-inspired bedrooms between the two homes you'll have plenty of room to spread out. These spaces wer crafted to be beautiful and comfortable. All bedrooms and bathrooms feature linens, towels, and soaps…just like you’d find at a hotel.

• Pillows, Linens, Towels and Sheets 
• Shampoo/Soaps
 
🛏️  Bedroom 1 - 2x Queen beds - The Taylor 2nd Floor
• Ensuite Bath
• 2x Queen Bed
• Located on the 2nd floor just off the living space

🛏️  Bedroom 2 -  2x Queen beds - The Taylor 3rd Floor
• Ensuite Bath
• 2x Queen Beds
• 1x trundle bed that converts into 2x single beds 

🛏️ Bedroom 3 - 2x Queen beds - The Taylor 3rd Floor
• 2x Queen Beds
• Ensuite Bath

🛏️ Bedroom 4 - Makeup/Glam Room - The Taylor 1st Floor
• 1x Trundle (that converts to 2x single beds)

THE INFLUENCER
4 bedrooms/3.5 baths - 2,100 sqft home. 

 🛏️  Bedroom 5 -  The “Blue Cowgirl” room
• Ensuite Bath
• King Bed
• 4x Twin Beds (twin over twin trundle)
• Large walk-in closet

🛏️  Bedroom 6 -  The “Beverly Hills Hotel” Room
• Ensuite Bath
• King Bed

🛏️  Bedroom 7 - The “Champagne Room” (Ensuite Bath)
• Ensuite Bath
• Queen bed
• Full bed with twin trundle

🛏️  Bedroom 8 - The “Flower Room” (2nd floor)
• King bed
• Makeup vanity in just outside the door
• Shares bathroom with Bedroom 3

🛏️ Common Spaces
• Rollaway beds, pack n’ play/Crib available upon request

🚗 Parking 🚗
Ample free street parking for your vehicles!
 
Other than the already mentioned amenities, our home also comes with:
⚡ High-Speed Wi-Fi
🧺 Laundry Room with Washer/Dryer
🎀 Decoration Services & 👨‍🍳 Private Chef Referrals Available Upon Request

Guest access
A door code is all you'll need to get in! However, we're available 24/7 for anything to make your stay more enjoyable!

Other things to note
✧ HOSPITALITY by MAVEN DESTINATIONS ✧
We are Nashville natives, licensed real estate agents, and hospitality professionals. When you book with us, know you’ll be staying at a home that is thoughtfully decorated, professionally managed, and located in a desirable & established district of Music City.

✧ UNIQUE DOOR CODES✧
At Maven, we take your privacy and security seriously. Each reservation is issued a unique door code for your stay.

✧ NO SHARED SPACES ✧
The home is exclusively yours for the duration of your stay!

✧ ACCIDENTAL DAMAGE INSURANCE ✧
Things happen…so every reservation is covered by our accidental damage insurance policy at no additional charge! 

✧ EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECKOUT ✧
Our standard check in is at 4:00 pm and checkout is at 11:00. However, we know with large parties guests often have widely varying arrival and departure times. We make every effort to accommodate these requests for a small fee. 

✧ NO LOCAL RESERVATIONS ✧
Local reservations are only accepted with prior notice and approval.

✧ NO SMOKING ✧
This is a non-smoking house, so we kindly ask all our guests to refrain from smoking in, or near the home, where it could impact future guests.

✧ GUEST VERIFICATION ✧
Local regulations require us to verify your identity prior to check in (just like hotels). We do this through your booking platform or with a simple check in form where you input a government issued ID.

✧ DEPOSIT ✧
We require a credit card on file (from your booking platform) for a $1,000 damage/vandalism deposit. This is reflected either 1. transparently to you via your booking platform or 2. as an authorization hold on your card which is released after checkout (just like hotels do). This is secondary to our accidental damage insurance, but required because the homes in our portfolio are of exceptional value and are often appointed with top tier furnishings and custom art.

✧ SANITIZATION AND CLEANING ✧
We ALWAYS treat our homes like high-end hotels with dedicated cleaning staff and quality assurance checks because cleanliness is so important to a great stay! With the addition of COVID-19, the heath, safety, and wellbeing of our guests are even more in the spotlight. For these reasons, we use strict disinfection protocol after every stay.

Registration Details
2021083238 & 2021071171

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Ashley
Host User ID: 269786762
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/269786762
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville Native - Realtor - Animal Lover

Born and raised in Nashville, and a Realtor since 2009, I have witnessed firsthand the transformation of our quaint country town to the nationally sought-after destination it is today. 

Maven Destinations is my passion project to share intimate local insight, genuine hospitality, and a curated portfolio of homes...in what I consider one of the best cities in the world...with you! I hope you'll join us!
Born in the 80s
My work: Real Estate Agent
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1217 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting