URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1364157254210132031
Latitude: 36.1763
Longitude: -86.7577
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover a stylish 2-bedroom condo designed for groups up to 6, steps from downtown Nashville’s vibrant music and nightlife scene. Enjoy modern comforts, two full baths, and smart urban living near iconic Broadway attractions. Perfect for couples, small families, and business travelers seeking a convenient, fun, and comfortable stay in Music City.

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.  

ACCESS TYPE:
▻ Guests will have access to the entire unit.
▻ Community rooftop on the 4th floor, shared by only 20 units, with downtown views

LAYOUT:
▻ Master Bedroom En Suite: Queen bed, 42" Roku TV (guest mode), ceiling fan, charging stations, closet with 4-drawer dresser, full bath with dual vanity and toiletries
▻ Secondary Bedroom with Hall Bath: Queen bed, 40" Roku TV (guest mode), ceiling fan, charging stations, closet with 4-drawer dresser, full bath with walk-in shower and toiletries
▻ Living Room: Queen memory foam sofa sleeper, 55" Roku TV (guest mode), ceiling fan, cocktail table with 4 chairs, full-length mirror
▻ Fully Equipped Kitchen: Coffee bar with Keurig and complimentary K-cups, microwave, pots and pans, full-size refrigerator with ice maker, oven, dishwasher
▻ Laundry: Full-size stackable washer and dryer, complimentary detergent

HIGHLIGHTS:
▻ Vintage charm with a boutique hotel feel
▻ Community rooftop with stunning downtown views
▻ Roku TVs in every room, set up in guest mode for easy streaming
▻ Fully equipped kitchen with everything needed for a comfortable stay
▻ Charging stations on all nightstands for convenience
▻ Sleeps up to 6 guests
▻ Two modern bathrooms
▻ Prime downtown location
▻ Easy access to Broadway
▻ Comfortable 2-bedroom layout
▻ Ideal for groups and business
▻ Close to music venues and nightlife

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ Easy keyless entry for self-check-in
▻ Single-level unit with no interior stairs

Guest access
PARKING:
 ▻ Free parking - Limited spaces in the garage and parallel parking around the building
 

 ENTERING THE HOME:
  ▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In Using a Smart Lock with a Unique Code Per Guest.

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES:
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee.
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings.
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs.
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500.
▻ NO pets allowed. Undisclosed pets will result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

By booking this property, you agree to follow ALL rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation.

POLICIES:
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available).
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access.
▻ Late Check-Out – Late check-out is not guaranteed and requires host approval. Standard checkout applies unless approved. To guarantee a later stay, book the next night if available. Unauthorized late check-outs incurs violation fees.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ NO pets allowed. Undisclosed pets will result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.

▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy.
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item)
▻ Cancellation - Cancellation refunds will be based on your booking's cancellation policy
▻ There are outdoor security cameras installed OUTSIDE the property for security purposes

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1661 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting