URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1771126804790748956
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Gilded Courtyard @ The Burnham!

⭐️ "Best host I've dealt with by far." (from our other Burnham units)

-  Walk-in closet doubles as a lighted makeup station. Skip the bathroom bottleneck!
-  Courtyard balcony
-  Garage parking $30/night, unlimited in/out
-  Sleeps 6: 1 Luxe King + 2 cozy queens
-  Luxe sheets & WAY too many throw pillows & blankets
-  In-unit washer & dryer

Common Areas: Year-round pool, grills, firepits, fitness center w/ power rack & yoga studio

The space
Dive right into your Nashville adventure at The Gilded Courtyard @ The Burnham

Unit 420 is brand new, so these are from guests who stayed in our other Burnham units. They're about us as hosts rather than this space:

⭐️ "...Kevin was extremely proactive - from reaching out with detailed instructions the day of our check in, to checking in after our first night unprompted to make sure everything was to our expectations..."

⭐️ "...I had some difficulty installing the Door app Kevin walked me through it with patience."

⭐️ "Everything was great. Communication was quick with responses and also checked in to make sure we were doing ok. Great hosts!"

We're Superhosts with 3 years and 300+ reviews across our Burnham units, a 100% response rate, and we typically reply within 15 minutes.

THE DWELLING:
A downtown Nashville home designed rather than furnished. Oxblood and gold in the primary bedroom, an Art Deco peacock palette in the living space, and a walk-in closet that doubles as a lighted getting-ready station with seating, so nobody waits on the bathroom. Sleeps 6 across a king in the bedroom and two queens in the living space, so everyone gets a real bed instead of a pull-out. High-speed Wi-Fi, blackout curtains, an in-unit stackable washer and dryer, an eat-in counter that doubles as a workspace, a fridge with water and ice dispensers, and a gourmet kitchen stocked with cookware, dishware, and glassware for a group.

A note on the layout: the living space is a second sleeping room with two queens, not a lounge. There's nowhere to sit and relax except on a bed. It works well for families with teens and for groups splitting a stay. Your hangout space is the building's: a year-round heated pool, courtyard fire pits, a sky lounge, and the 2-story Collective. Free building Wi-Fi reaches all of it, so the lobby lounges and sky deck seating work as a change of scenery if you're working.

COURTYARD BALCONY:
A table for two overlooking the courtyard lawn, with the fire pits and gas grills below and the pool visible at the far end. Unit 420 sits at the far end of the building from the elevators and the pool gate, so hallway traffic past your door is light. The courtyard closes at 10pm. Mornings out here are for coffee. Evenings, the fire pits are a short walk down when you want company.

You're close enough to walk everywhere and far enough from Broadway that the street noise stays behind you.

ARRIVAL & DEPARTURE:
Check-in is 4pm, check-out is 10am, but you don't have to wait around with your bags. Tell us your arrival/departure time and we'll grant building access at no charge on both days, so the lounges, courtyard, pool, and gym are yours early and late. Early check-in and late checkout at $30 per hour, up to 2 hours each, subject to availability. A third-party bellhop service operates in the lobby and holds luggage for $5.25/piece so you can explore downtown.

PARKING (Upon Request):
Garage parking is available upon request at a flat $30 per night, with unlimited in and out. No paying again every time you come back. Your space is in the building's basement garage, steps from an elevator that takes you straight to your floor. Smartphone gate access and a parking permit for your vehicle are provided. Clearance is 6'8". We'll send your space number and permit before arrival.

NEARBY:
Country Music Hall of Fame: 6-minute walk
Bridgestone Arena: 8-minute walk
Broadway Music Row: 10-minute walk
Ryman Auditorium: 10-minute walk
Local Grocery-DXG: 10-minute walk
Ascend Amphitheater: 15-minute walk
Nissan Stadium: 18-minute walk
Vanderbilt: 12-minute drive
Airport: 15-minute drive
Grand Ole Opry: 22-minute drive

BUILDING AMENITIES shared with guests in the building:
-  Outdoor pool, open year-round (10am - 8pm)
-  Outdoor courtyard with fire pits & gas grills (10am - 10pm)
-  Pool and courtyard are both entered from the 2nd floor
-  2-level fitness center & yoga studio
-  Climbing wall, treadmills, spin bikes
-  Sky lounge with deck & city views
-  The Collective: 2-story hangout & work
-  Free building Wi-Fi throughout common areas
-  On-site maintenance
-  On-site concierge & security

This is an Airbnb Friendly Apartment Community, so we're here with the building's blessing and you're a welcome guest, not someone sneaking past a doorman.

DISCLAIMER

While amenities like the pool, gym, Collective, courtyard, and Skydeck are available to all Burnham guests, we have no control over their maintenance, repair, or availability. In the event that any of our building amenities become unavailable for guests, we assume NO RESPONSIBILITY for any inconveniences prior to or during your stay. By making your reservation, you acknowledge this disclaimer regarding our building amenities and agree that unavailability will not be grounds for a refund or cancellation of your reservation.

Embark on your Nashville adventure and book your stay today!

Permit #2018068413

Guest access
Keyless entry via the DOOR smartphone app (formerly Latch), with access for every guest in your group.

The entire apartment is yours, plus full access to all building amenities.

The building is fully secured, gates and all, which is part of why solo travelers tell us they feel comfortable here.

Building amenities and common spaces are shared with other guests in the building.

Other things to note
NOISE:
The Burnham is a modern build and sound carries. This unit sits at the far end of the building from the elevators and a full courtyard length from the pool, which helps with hallway and elevator traffic past your door. The courtyard and pool are social, though, and the building is full of short-term guests near Broadway, so weekends get loud and late-night noise happens. Building quiet hours are 10pm to 7am and the on-site concierge responds quickly, usually within minutes.

BUILDING ACCESS APP:
The DOOR app takes a few minutes to get the hang of, since it controls the building doors, garage, and elevator separately. Read the options carefully so you're unlocking the right one, and keep your phone charged. We send full step-by-step instructions and a tutorial link before arrival, and we're quick to answer if anything is unclear.

AIR CONDITIONING:
The A/C is maintained by the building rather than by us. If anything goes wrong during your stay, tell us and we'll open a request with on-site maintenance right away.

PARKING:
The garage entry gate swings outward, so stop back and let it open fully before pulling in.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kevin
Host User ID: 553033362
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/553033362
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Not a foodie, just a fatass
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: University of California, Riverside
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
353 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting