URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1708875949927704386
Latitude: 36.1932
Longitude: -86.7793
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your luxury home away from home! This beautifully designed retreat offers the perfect blend of comfort, entertainment, and relaxation, making it ideal for families, groups, business travelers, or anyone looking for a memorable getaway.

The space
★ Highlights ★
✔ Private Hot Tub
✔ Spacious Rooftop Lounge
✔ Ping Pong Table
✔ Outdoor Grill
✔ Modern Interior Design
✔ Fully Equipped Kitchen
✔ Fast Wi-Fi
✔ Comfortable Bedrooms
✔ Perfect for Families & Groups

The Space

Step inside and enjoy a thoughtfully designed living space featuring stylish furnishings, comfortable seating, and plenty of room to relax after a day of exploring. The open-concept layout allows everyone to gather comfortably, whether you're watching a movie, sharing a meal, or simply spending quality time together.

Kitchen & Dining

The fully equipped kitchen includes everything you need to prepare meals during your stay, including cookware, dishes, utensils, and modern appliances. The dining area provides ample seating for your group to enjoy meals together.

Bedrooms & Bathrooms

Each bedroom is designed with comfort in mind, featuring cozy beds, quality linens, and plenty of storage space. Bathrooms are stocked with essential amenities to help you feel right at home.

Rooftop Experience

One of the home's standout features is the spacious rooftop area. Enjoy your morning coffee, watch the sunset, gather with friends, or simply take in the surroundings from this unique outdoor space.

Outdoor Entertainment

The outdoor area is designed for fun and relaxation:
• Unwind in the private hot tub
• Challenge your group to a friendly game of ping pong
• Fire up the grill and enjoy outdoor dining
• Relax and socialize in the comfortable outdoor seating areas

Amenities

• High-speed Wi-Fi
• Smart TV
• Air conditioning/heating
• Washer and dryer
• Fully equipped kitchen
• Fresh linens and towels
• Free parking 

Perfect For

• Family vacations
• Friends' getaways
• Business travelers
• Special occasions
• Weekend escapes
• Extended stays

Whether you're soaking in the hot tub, enjoying rooftop views, hosting a barbecue, or competing in a ping pong match, this luxury retreat provides everything you need for an unforgettable stay.

We look forward to hosting you!

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire property, including all bedrooms, bathrooms, and living areas. Self-check-in via smart lock ensures a seamless arrival.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting