URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1451767113469682870
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Modern downtown Nashville studio in SOBRO, steps from Broadway, Ryman, and CMHoF. Features private balcony, heated pool, and fitness center. Comfortably sleeps up to 6. Perfect for urban explorers seeking a vibrant city experience with top amenities.

The space
Discover comfort and style in this ~400 sq ft studio, designed for solo travelers, couples, or small groups. Located on the 3rd floor of The Burnham, a 6-story midrise in the desirable SOBRO district.

Key features include:

★ Living Area: Tasteful colors, large windows, high ceilings, smart TV, fast Wi-Fi.
★ Sleeping Arrangements: Two memory foam Queen beds and an air mattress, comfortably accommodating up to six guests.
★ Kitchen: Compact yet modern, equipped with stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, and fully stocked with dishware and cooking utensils for light meals.
★ Bathroom: Clean and well-appointed.
★ Private Balcony: Enjoy pleasant views overlooking the building's courtyard and outdoor pool.

As a guest, you'll have access to a range of shared building amenities:

★ Fitness Center: Multi-level with a rock-climbing wall and yoga studio.
★ Lounges: Various stylish lounges, including one with a large kitchen island, another with unique concrete tunnel booths, and a library-style space.
★Outdoor Areas: Featuring fire pits and grills.
★ Heated Outdoor Pool: A premium amenity available for your enjoyment.

Parking: We have ONE reserved parking space available inside the building for an additional $35/night. The Parking Pass must be displayed on the dash, pass facing upward so the number is easily visible - if these directions are not followed your car will be booted immediately at the guests expense! Extra vehicles can park in guest parking or a nearby parking lot for $35-$50/night (first come, first served and paid daily by parking meter).

City of Nashville STR Permit : #2018070495

Guest access
Accessing your unit and the building's amenities is seamless with our keyless entry system. Prior to your arrival, we'll request your email to set up the DOOR App, which will serve as your virtual key for:

   ★ The unit
   ★ Building amenities
   ★ Elevators and stairwells
   ★ Building entrances from both the street and parking garage

Should you need to store your luggage before check-in or after check-out, Baggage Bellhop is conveniently available on-site seven days a week from 9 AM to 5 PM.

Please note that our very convenient location does mean that some noise may be experienced during your stay and other variables may be out of our control such as public events, nearby construction, or building amenity closures.

Other things to note
Please be aware of the following important details:

★ Urban Noise: While our prime downtown location offers unparalleled convenience, some urban noise may be experienced during your stay.
★ External Factors: External factors such as public events, nearby construction, or temporary building amenity closures are occasionally beyond our control.
★ Security Cameras: For your safety and security, security cameras are present in the common areas of the building, including the courtyard, parking areas, collective lounges, lobby, sky lounge, and pool.

Building Rules:

Please understand that this building has a strict, NO WARNINGS GIVEN, rule policy with applicable fines. Fines are charged immediately to me as the unit owner and will be passed down to the guest(s) accordingly if an offense occurs. Security and building staff are monitoring at all times.

1. Absolutely no smoking or vaping anywhere on premises including balconies, pool area, courtyard, sky deck, etc. $500.00 fine per occurrence and legal notice.

2. No glass of any kind by the pool - $500.00 fine per occurrence and prohibited from returning to the pool area.

3. Building quiet hours – 10:00pm CST – 7:00am CST $200.00 fine per noise complaint occurrence during this time.

4. Pool hours are 10:00am-8:00pm CST – Fine of $100.00 per person if caught in this area after hours.

5. Pets – no pets of any kind allowed in the apartment. If noticed the building will fine $500.00 since my unit is not registered as having a pet on premises. You will not receive access to apartment if you have any pets. Guest will not receive refund for stay.*

6. Lost or unreturned parking pass - $25 to replace

Building amenities/common spaces are shared with other guests in the building.

Registration Details
2018070495

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Bryce
Host User ID: 353155977
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/353155977
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We’re Shannon, Bryce, and our awesome little guy Hayden. Oh, and let’s not forget our furry friends Zoey and Griffin—they’re part of the crew too!

We’re a laid-back bunch who love the simple things in life. Mornings are for coffee sipping, and weekends are for backyard BBQs. Country music is our jam, so you might catch us singing along or hitting up local concerts whenever we can. It's only logical that Nashville stole our hearts!
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Southern New Hampshire University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
99 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting