URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/9383218
Latitude: 36.1711
Longitude: -86.747
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
We survived tornadoes & COVID19. Welcome back! 

Our home has unique architectural details and elegant furnishings in a casual and spacious setting where fun and relaxation are top priorities. We’re 5 minutes from Five Points, downtown Nashville, Music City Center,  Bridgestone Arena, Ascend Amphitheater, the Schermerhorn, and lower Broadway, including the Country Music Hall of Fame, Ryman Auditorium, Tootsie’s, The Stage, and restaurants & dance halls galore.    

Permit_followed by.201621044.

The space
Nashville is open!  Restaurants are now at 75% capacity; music venues are hosting full bands and multiple gigs; and merchants' doors are at 75% capacity with the highest priority on health and safety. At Shelby House, we, too, are following AirBnB's CDC cleaning/disinfecting guidelines while updating and customizing our home for your stay. Come on over!

High-end furniture, local artists’ flair, luxurious linens, and contemporary conveniences are a few of the personal touches. Abundant windows and high ceilings usher in lots of natural light. Décor features stained hard wood floors on the first floor, and plush carpeting on the second with contemporary earth tones and a nod to nature throughout.  The spacious dining and living areas flow into an open kitchen well-stocked with amenities for preparing meals large and small. Enjoy your kitchen creations at the reclaimed wood dining table which seats 10, the marble counter top bar for 4, or al fresco at the bistro table on the spacious wooden deck overlooking the lush green yard and flower gardens. With its occasional chair and two sleeper sofas, the ultra-comfortable den is the hub for conversation, TV-viewing, and relaxation among friends and family.

The first bedroom boasts a queen-size, walnut sleigh bed, large closet, and local photos of Nashville’s Shelby Bottoms and true gems of Vanderbilt University's campus arboretum. An en suite full bath with tub and shower, tile floors, marble counter tops, and double sinks has pocket door entrances and is shared with the second bedroom, a contemporary casual setting with a small closet and a queen-size bed and dresser crafted from reclaimed wood. 

The spacious master suite features a queen-size bed with a 20th-century style iron and linen headboard, brass and iron night stands, vaulted ceiling, and a glamorous chandelier. The spacious suite includes a private full bath with shower, tile floors, marble counter tops, double sinks, and modern cabinetry. All bedrooms accommodate two people.

There is off-street parking for two cars in the back of the house and free street parking on Shelby Avenue. Public bus routes, uber, taxis, bike lanes, and sidewalks are abundant. 

Come for great music, graduations, hot chicken, antiques, music festivals, eateries, and more!

Guest access
The entire house is open for your use.  There is parking on the street in the front, and parking for 2 cars in the back. 

Easy accessibility! Drive straight to the property and gain access via a unique key code provided only to you. We follow all local and state permit and tax rules. Renters are required to sign a rental agreement.  Reservations include applicable taxes, a cleaning fee, any service fees charged by listing agencies, and a Property Damage Protection insurance policy.

Other things to note
We are invested in the quality of life of our neighbors, as we live in the neighborhood as well.  This is not a party house.  This is a great place for a group of adults or a family to enjoy each other's company in a great house with close access to downtown Nashville.  If you are looking for a party house, keep looking!

We are members of the "Top 3%," a small group of hosts who donate up to 3% "off the top" to local non-profits. In 2018, Shelby House's contributions support military veterans and research on Global Axonal Neuropathy (GAN). Stay with us and help us help others!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jeff
Host User ID: 48678705
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/48678705
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Shelby House!  I am a native Nashvillian and Molly grew up nearby in Arkansas. After a couple of decades of career-related travel, we are fortunate to have resettled here. We love the city, especially East Nashville, and look forward to helping you explore our hometown. As East Nashville residents ourselves, we live close by and are happy to share our experiences about local haunts, happenings, and true faves. 

We've lived in the US and abroad and have traveled a lot. This property has all the qualities we love about get-a-way digs. It’s unique, well-built, and well-appointed. It’s close to everything you’d want to do yet sufficiently away from the crowd that relaxation and rejuvenation are foregone conclusions. It’s close to nature (a nature preserve, a local park, a river, the 14-mile Greenway) yet within walking distance to urban vibrancy.  Vacationers will love the funky elegance while longer-term renters may think of it as a second home, due to personal touches, such as a screen door, backyard flower gardens (seasonal), and photos of giggly family members who remind us of what’s important.

We have a lot of information to share! I will help you eat your way through Nashville at new – as well as long-established – restaurants while Molly will send you out and about to burn off the calories while enjoying Nashville's treasures. As much as possible, the home features the work of local artisans, small business owners, and other creative types who call Nashville or TN home.  We think Nashville offers something for most travelers, including but not limited to musicians and music lovers, writers, athletes, fashionistas, foodies, hobbyists/crafters, sports fans, conventioneers, families, couples, wine-or-beer enthusiasts, friends, girls' groups, guys' groups, outdoorsy folks, and corporate retreaters. We have access to people with unique talents and expertise, so let us know if we can help customize your trip!  We are members of the "Top 3%," a small group of hosts who donate up to 3% "off the top" to local non-profits. In 2018, we supported research on Giant Axonal Neuropathy (GAN). In 2019, Shelby House's contributions supported  military veterans.  In 2020, we're supporting veterans and affordable housing. Stay at Shelby House and help us give back.
My work: Retired U.S. Army
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
155 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting