URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1629765930736690948
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Downtown Nashville condo just a 7-minute walk to Broadway! 

Walk to Bridgestone Arena, live music, restaurants, bars & top Music City attractions. 

This spacious, modern condo sleeps 6 with 3 queen beds—no sofa beds. 

Enjoy a heated resort-style pool, rooftop sky deck, fitness center, fully stocked kitchen, high-speed Wi-Fi, easy self check-in & secure parking. 

Top 1% Guest Favorite with 5-star Superhost hospitality, exceptional cleanliness & responsive communication.

The space
Stay in the heart of Downtown Nashville, just a 7-minute walk to Broadway! This spacious, modern Nashville condo sleeps up to 6 guests and puts you close to the live music, restaurants, nightlife, concerts and attractions that make Music City unforgettable.

Perfect for girls’ trips, couples, concert weekends, sporting events, business travel and Nashville getaways.

★ 7-Minute Walk to Broadway
★ Downtown Nashville Location
★ 3 Comfortable Queen Beds | Sleeps 6
★ Heated Resort-Style Pool
★ Rooftop Sky Deck with Downtown Views
★ Secured Garage Parking Available by Reservation
★ Fitness Center
★ High-Speed Wi-Fi + Dedicated Workspace
★ Fully Equipped Kitchen
★ Washer & Dryer
★ Easy Self Check-In

LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION

Enjoy a truly walkable Downtown Nashville stay. You’ll be close to Broadway’s famous honky-tonks and live music, Bridgestone Arena, the Ryman Auditorium, Fifth + Broadway, Country Music Hall of Fame, restaurants, bars, entertainment and many of Nashville’s most popular attractions.

Whether you’re coming to Nashville for a concert, Predators game, Titans weekend, girls’ getaway, business trip or simply to experience Music City, this condo gives you a comfortable home base right in the middle of the action.

THE SPACE
Relax and recharge after exploring Nashville in a spacious condo designed for groups of up to 6 guests. With 3 queen beds, there’s plenty of comfortable sleeping space without sacrificing the convenience of staying together.

Prepare breakfast before heading downtown in the fully equipped kitchen, stay connected with high-speed Wi-Fi, or unwind after a night on Broadway.

POOL + ROOFTOP
Take advantage of the heated resort-style pool or head up to the rooftop sky deck to enjoy views of Downtown Nashville. It’s a great place to relax between adventures and enjoy the Music City atmosphere.

PARKING
Secured garage parking is available by reservation, giving you the convenience of having a vehicle downtown while still being able to walk to many of Nashville’s top destinations.

PERFECT FOR YOUR NASHVILLE GETAWAY
If you’re searching for a Downtown Nashville condo near Broadway with a pool, rooftop, parking and room for up to 6 guests, you’ve found it.

Come experience Nashville from a comfortable, convenient and highly walkable home base just minutes from the heart of Broadway.

We’re proud to be a 5.0★ Guest Favorite and Superhost, committed to providing every guest with an exceptional Nashville experience.

STR Permit #2018068401

Guest access
You’ll have private access to the entire condo with convenient self check-in using the DOOR app. Guests also enjoy access to the building’s resort-style amenities, including the heated pool, gym, rooftop sky deck, coworking spaces, and outdoor lounges during operating hours.

Other things to note
📋 Additional Information
House Rules
  - No pets, events, or parties
  - No smoking
  - Quiet hours: 10:00 PM – 7:00 AM
  - Check-In: Flexible self check-in
  - Check-Out: 10:00 AM

Building & Safety Rules
  - Please do not use glass in pool areas, decks, or
       balconies
  - Shared amenities (pool, gym, courtyard, sky
       lounge, The Collective) are available to guests
       per building rules and operating hours
  - Amenities are managed by the building and may
       occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance

Guest Requirements
  - Guests must have a completed Airbnb profile.

Paid Parking
  - One on-site parking space is available for an
        additional fee.
  - Parking must be reserved in advance.
  - Unreserved vehicles will be subject to towing per
       building policy.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sio
Host User ID: 725633515
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/725633515
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’m a Nashville-based host who takes hospitality seriously. Fast responses, a spotless space, and making sure every detail is sorted before you arrive — that’s the standard I hold myself to. Whether you’re here for a bachelorette weekend, a concert, or a work trip, I want your stay to feel effortless from check-in to checkout. Your comfort and safety are always the priority.
Where I went to school: MTSU
My work: Information Tech
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 months hosting
33 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
6 months of hosting