URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/36831696
Latitude: 36.3093
Longitude: -86.507
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Gallatin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Some trips check boxes. This one fills something up. The Cozy Cottage on Old Hickory Lake sits tucked into a protected stretch of water 35 minutes from Nashville — where mornings start with coffee and mist lifting off the water, afternoons belong to the kayaks, and evenings end around a crackling fire under more stars than you expected this close to the city. It sleeps 8 comfortably across four bedrooms with two king suites, a private infrared sauna, and a shoreline that's entirely yours.

The space
At 2,288 sq ft, the Cozy Cottage is designed so your whole group has somewhere to be — together or apart. The layout makes it easy for everyone. Grandparents don't have to climb stairs. Kids have room to roam. Couples have a reason to disappear.

The main level is anchored by a warm cedar living room with an electric fireplace, large windows that frame the lake, and glass doors that open directly onto the upper deck. It's the kind of room where someone always ends up on the couch with a book, even when there are a hundred things to do outside.

SLEEPING:
- King Suite #1 (Main Level) — antique-style furnishings, soft white linens, private ensuite bath with soaking tub and shower, direct access to the infrared sauna
- King Suite #2 (Lower Level) — California King, quiet and private, ideal second master for couples
- Queen Bedroom (Lower Level) — lake-inspired decor, the Fishing Room, calm and comfortable
- Twin + Trundle Room — the Racer's Haven, perfect for kids, sleeps up to 2
- 3 full bathrooms, all thoughtfully stocked

KITCHEN & COMMON AREAS:
The kitchen is fully equipped — quality cookware, curated spices, and everything you actually need to cook a real meal. Two full coffee bars, one on each level, mean morning doesn't require a single flight of stairs. The lower level has its own living room with smart TV and full lake views, so the card game doesn't have to compete with the movie downstairs.

THE SAUNA:
Step inside after a day on the water and let the warmth work into your shoulders. The indoor infrared sauna fits two comfortably and runs differently than a traditional sauna — a deep, radiant warmth that doesn't feel overwhelming, even for first-timers. Chromotherapy lighting lets you set the mood. In summer it's the perfect wind-down. In fall and winter, it's the reason guests start planning a return trip before they've even left.

THE OUTDOORS:
The upper deck has dining for 8, a gas grill, and the kind of sunrise view that makes getting up early feel worth it. Fifty-seven steps down the gently sloped yard to the dock and shoreline, where three kayaks and life vests are waiting alongside fishing gear. The lower patio has a gas fire table and string lights — perfect for smaller evenings. The wood-burning firepit in the yard is for the whole group. Wildlife is simply part of staying here: deer graze through at dusk, geese drift past in the mornings, and occasionally a fox slips through the meadow at sunset.

— WHO THIS HOME IS BEST FOR —

This cottage is not trying to be everything to everyone. It's very good at a few specific things — and the right group will feel it immediately.

FAMILIES WITH KIDS: The protection from the main channel means calmer water. The kayaks are ready before breakfast. The twin room with trundle sleeps the kids. The two living areas mean parents and grandparents can have a real conversation without shouting. Pack 'n play, toddler bed, baby gate, baby monitor, and children's dinnerware are all on-site. This is the trip the kids will ask to repeat.

COUPLES GETAWAY (TRIPLE): Two king suites, each with their own feel and privacy, and a queen bedroom, mean three couples can stay comfortably without stepping on each other. The sauna, the fire table, and the lake view handle the rest.

GRANDPARENT TRIPS: The main-level king suite means no stairs needed. The layout keeps everyone in the same space without anyone feeling crowded. Mornings are slow. Evenings are warm. This is the trip the grandparents will talk about for years.

NASHVILLE VISITORS: You get the Nashville access and none of the Nashville noise. Drive in for a night out, come back to mist on the lake and a firepit. It's a different kind of Music City trip.

WORK-FROM-LAKE: Dedicated workspace, fast wifi, and a view that makes every call look good. Extend your stay — this place is built for it.

Guest access
You have full access to the entire home and property — upper deck, lower patio, yard, shoreline, dock area, and firepit. The only private areas are two small owner closets.

Check-in is self-guided via smart lock. You'll receive your personal code before arrival — no key pickup, no waiting. Guest entry is on the upper deck: follow the path to the right and head up the stairs to the main door. When you reach the top, pause. The lake view is worth it.

Included for your use: 3 kayaks, life vests, and fishing gear — Gas grill on the upper deck — Wood-burning firepit with Adirondack chairs — Gas fire table on the lower patio — Indoor infrared sauna — Washer and dryer — Lawn games (cornhole, bocce, ladder toss, horseshoes, croquet) — Blankets, lake extras, and all the little things.

Note: Three exterior cameras are located outdoors only — covering the driveway, front walkway, and back deck edge. No cameras inside. Not actively monitored.

— PARKING —

The cottage has a spacious concrete horseshoe driveway with room for up to 8 vehicles. It's wide, well-lit, and easy to maneuver — including for trucks towing boat trailers. Boat launch ramps are nearby on Old Hickory Lake for guests trailering their own boats.

For safety and lawn care, please keep vehicles on the driveway only. Street parking and grass parking are not permitted.

Other things to note
For guests who like to plan ahead, we send a full digital guidebook after booking — with our personal recommendations for local restaurants, marinas, golf courses, hiking trails, and everything worth doing within an hour of the cottage. We've been in this area for years and we're happy to share what we know.

— HOUSE RULES —

We host guests who want a peaceful, well-cared-for home — and we think that's exactly who finds this place.

- Check-in: after 4:00 PM
- Checkout: before 11:00 AM
- Maximum guests: 8
- Booking guest minimum age 23 & must be present entire reservation
- Rental agreement, photo ID required within 48 hours of booking. 
- Security deposit of $400 (hold only) required 2 days before arrival/released 5 days after departure. 
- Pets: welcome with pre-approval and $75 per pet fee (please clean up after them in the yard)
- No smoking inside the home
- No parties or events — this is a quiet neighborhood
- Please shower before using the sauna, and avoid scented oils or perfumes inside the unit
- Treat the kayaks and water gear with care — life vests are required for kids on the water
- The wildlife is wonderful. Enjoy them from a distance. No feeding the deer, geese, or the resident skunk and fox.
- Your rate includes cleaning, platform fees, and guest protection. No surprise charges on arrival.

We visit regularly, care for this place personally, and it shows in every stay. If anything comes up during your visit, reach out — we respond within the hour.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Don & Dora
Host User ID: 23720272
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/23720272
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Originally from the West Coast, we've been crafting our 'Retirement Gig' since 2010. After two decades in construction, we traded hard hats for happy hosts. Our family, including our daughter, her husband, and three lively grandchildren, often join us in Tennessee. We enjoy flying, muscle cars, and water adventures. We can't forget Titus, our fur baby—he's more human than dog! Hosting brings new friends and experiences to our little paradise.
Born in the 60s
My work: Reliant Realty ERA Powered - Looking for a home?  Give me a call!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
115 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting