URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1671322486199850151
Latitude: 36.1941316479822
Longitude: -86.77585775385877
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 9
occupancy: 15
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your group's Nashville trip starts on the rooftop — sinking putts on the green, grilling under the skyline, and gathering around the firepit as Broadway lights up in the distance. This Jack Daniel's-themed 3-bedroom sleeps 15 across 9 beds, with a wet-bar lounge, TVs in every bedroom, and foosball for the downtime. Just 8 minutes from Broadway and built for bachelorettes, birthdays, and big-group getaways — without the downtown markup. Book the rooftop your crew will be talking about for years.

The space
Level One – Arrival & Hangout
Pull into the one-car garage or claim the driveway spot — and there's free street parking out front for the rest of the crew. Inside, the first floor opens to a living room with a king-sized sleeper sofa and TV, a fully stocked kitchen ready for grocery runs and late-night snacks, and a half bathroom for quick stops on the way out the door.

Level Two – Where the Crew Sleeps
All three bedrooms live on the second floor, so the whole group rests on the same level (no one trekking between floors at 3 AM). The primary suite is the room everyone fights over: king-sized bed, private balcony, and a private en-suite bathroom. One guest bedroom sleeps four with two queen beds — built for friends sharing a room. The other has a king, ideal for a couple who wants their own space. Every bedroom comes with its own TV, and bathroom essentials are stocked and ready when you arrive.

Level Three – Lounge & Rooftop
The top floor is the trip's main event. A wet-bar lounge with TV and seating gives the group a space to regroup between adventures — and pulls double duty as flexible sleeping with a king-sized sleeper sofa, a futon, and two twin beds for the overflow crew. Push open the sliding doors and you're on the rooftop: putting green, gas grill, gas firepit, ample seating, and the kind of skyline view that ends up on every group photo.

Stay Essentials:
Free high-speed WiFi throughout. Smart lock entry with a unique code for your stay. Bag drop, early check-in, and late check-out available on request.

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire home except for a locked owner's closet. Before arrival, you'll receive a four-digit code to enter through our Schlage Encode smart lock. There's also an on-site lockbox as a backup in case of any smart lock issues, plus 24/7 customer support to make sure you're never locked out.

Other things to note
We are the following minutes away from these destinations by car:
🤠 8 minutes from Broadway, Ryman Auditorium, Nissan Stadium & Bridgestone Arena
🤠 12 minutes from Grand Ole Opry & Opry Mills Mall
🤠 10 minutes from the Nashville International Airport (BNA)
🤠 8 minutes from Geodis Park (Home to Nashville SC)
🤠 10 minutes from Belmont University
🤠 10 minutes from Vanderbilt University

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jake And Maddie
Host User ID: 493358474
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/493358474
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We're a Nashville couple with Midwest roots who met in college and have been building a life — and a business — together ever since. For the past five years, we've run a real estate company side by side, so taking care of a home and making guests feel welcome is something we genuinely care about. We have a sweet dog and a baby on the way, which means our house is full of love (and a little organized chaos). We love Nashville, and we're happy to share our favorite local spots — just ask!
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Illinois
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 months hosting
48 reviews
4.56 out of 5 average rating
5 months of hosting