URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1231809935778961101
Latitude: 36.1515
Longitude: -86.7782
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Luxury condo in an unbeatable location - walk to Broadway or the Gulch for endless food & shopping. Brand new building with a pool, gym, common areas to work from. Enjoy your morning coffee on our private patio. Only 0.5 mi to Broadway and 0.6 mi to the Gulch! Premium hardwood flooring, marble countertops, two different floors, high ceilings, and expansive windows. Relax and recharge after exploring from the city's best restaurants, bars, historic live music venues, shopping, and so much more.

The space
★ Walk to Downtown Nashville - Broadway Bars
★ 1 King Bed, 1 Sleeper Sofa, 1 Air Mattress
★ The bedroom is on the second floor, while very private feeling, it does not have a door or full wall on one side
★ High ceilings and premium furnishings throughout 
★ Private patio with outdoor furniture
★ Brand new pool with lounge chairs, cabanas, and a firepit 
★ State-of-the-art fitness center with Peloton equipment
★ Common space in the building to work or lounge at
★ Highly Secure building with key code entry
★ Free Luggage storage available at the building from 10a - 4pm Thursday through Sunday
★ Free parking in the attached garage. Please note this is on a first come, first serve basis. It is not guaranteed. 
★ Smart TV in the living room
★ High-speed wifi
★ Washer/Dryer in the condo 
★ Tons of natural light
★ Kitchen counter with seating for 4
★ Fully equipped kitchen for all of your cooking needs
★ Coffee maker + coffee
★ Hassle-free check-in with no keys, just codes 
★ Walking distance to the Gulch, Music City Hall of Fame, Downtown Broadway Bars
★ Hair dryers, shampoo, conditioner and body wash provided
★ Plenty of closet storage space for your clothes & other items
★ Central AC + Heat
★ Sound machine in the bedrooms
★ Full length mirror

BEDS:
Bedroom 1: King Bed 
Living Room: Sleeper Sofa + Air Mattress

BATHROOMS:
Bathroom 1: Full size with shower/tub combo on the main floor

This brand new luxury condo is impossible to beat- stunning high ceilings with a loft-style bedroom, private patio, pool, gym, walking distance to downtown, and all the high-end furnishings/supplies you could need for the ultimate stress-free stay. Highly sought-after and extremely secure, this building is located in the heart of Nashville's rich musical history and endlessly expanding food & entertainment options. Steps from Downtown and the Gulch - just 0.5 mile walk to the Country Music Hall of Fame, Broadway's endless restaurants, and honky tonks with live artists every night. Catch a show at Bridgestone Arena, or the infamous Ryman Auditorium, both of which are a short 15 min walk! Located across the street from Jack White's record store and music venue, Third Man Records. You simply cannot beat these luxury accommodations or this location. 

Our space is a memorable mix of style + comfort. All aspects of the home have been thoughtfully designed with ease + convenience in mind. High-quality mattresses + bedding, tasteful elements throughout, with modern amenities and plenty of space and natural light. This condo will allow you to rest and relax after an adventurous day exploring Nashville!

Walk To (alphabetical order):
- Ascend Amphitheater
- Bridgestone Arena (Predators)
- City Winery Nashville
- Country Music Hall of Fame
- Fifth & Broadway food hall and shopping
- Frist Art Museum
- Germantown
- Hard Rock
- Honky Tonks
- Listening Room Songwriter Cafe
- Music City Center (Convention Center)
- Shopping in the Gulch neighborhood's local boutiques like e.Allen and Rustler Hat Co. 
- Restaurants such as Biscuit Love, Husk, Martin's BBQ, Oak Steakhouse, Peg Leg Porker BBQ, Superica, Two Hands, Wildhorse Saloon and numerous others!
- Ryman Auditorium
- Schermerhorn Symphony
- Titans Stadium
- Third Man Records
- Yeehaw Brewing Co.

Guest access
All other information will be given after reservation is made, including address and access instructions. There is a keypad entry, so checking in is hassle free!

Other things to note
Check in is at or after 4pm, and check out is at or before 11am. The bedroom is on the second floor on its own. It's very private, but does not have a door or full wall on one side Free parking in the attached garage. Please note this is on a first come, first serve basis. It is not guaranteed. Nashville is growing quickly! There may be some construction around the area. We are located near an active train. It has never been loud while we are there, but we do provide a sound machine in the unit.

Early check in times selected through the app are not applicable. If you would like early check in, you must message us.

Registration Details
2023046230

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amy
Host User ID: 416033925
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/416033925
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I am an experienced Airbnb host. I have been renting out homes through Airbnb for over 15 years. My team and I are excited to host you and make this a memorable trip. If there's anything we can do to make your stay more enjoyable, please don't hesitate to reach out!
Fun fact: I love to travel and meet new people!
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
11394 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting