URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1741580121339646571
Latitude: 36.1947
Longitude: -86.7561
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Bring the whole crew to this bold, photo-ready Nashville townhome with 4 bedrooms, 4 full baths, and 7 beds for up to 10 guests. Relax in the open living area, cook together around the oversized island, watch the living-room TV, work from the two-person desk, or unwind on the covered balcony. Three king bedrooms plus a four-twin bunk room make group travel easy. Planning a bigger reunion? Book the separately listed Ave 9 home too, when available, for up to 20 guests total.

The space
Welcome to a three-level Nashville townhome designed for a memorable group stay. Bold pop-art décor, comic-book-inspired stair details, colorful accent walls, and Music City touches give the home a fun, photo-worthy personality from the moment you walk in.

🛋️ Made for gathering
The open living area gives your group a comfortable place to reconnect after exploring Nashville. Settle into the lounge space, enjoy the large wall-mounted TV, and spend time together without feeling crowded.

🍳 Kitchen & dining
The kitchen is ready for group meals, coffee runs, and late-night snacks, featuring:

Oversized island with seating for five
Stainless refrigerator
Gas range and oven
Microwave
Coffee maker
Cookware and cooking utensils visible in the home

💻 Dedicated workspace
Need to catch up on work or plan the day? A dedicated desk setup with seating for two gives you a practical place to focus.

🌆 Covered balcony
Step outside to the covered balcony for a more relaxed Nashville moment. It includes lounge seating, a ceiling fan, patio lights, and a standout Music City feature wall—perfect for morning coffee, conversation, or a group photo before a night out.

🛏️ Sleeping layout - 4 bedrooms / 7 beds

First floor: 1 king bedroom
Second floor: 1 bedroom with 4 twin beds
Third floor: 2 king bedrooms

With three king bedrooms and one four-twin bedroom, the layout works especially well for families, friends, couples traveling together, and Nashville group trips.

🚿 4 full bathrooms
Four full bathrooms help everyone get ready with less waiting. One bathroom features a double vanity and a spacious glass walk-in shower.

Please note: the home spans three levels and includes interior stairs.

Guest access
You will have private access to the entire Ave 10 townhome, including the front entry and garage access.

Your reservation is for Ave 10 only. Ave 9 is a separate home and is not included unless it is booked separately.

For security, detailed check-in instructions and exact entry information will be shared 24 hours before check-in.

Other things to note
No smoking is allowed.
The home has three levels and interior stairs.
Early check-in and late checkout are not guaranteed. Both must be requested in advance and require approval based on availability and turnover needs.
Traveling with a larger group? Ave 9 is a separately listed, managed home with the same 4-bedroom, 7-bed layout. When both homes are available and booked separately, they can accommodate up to 20 guests total.
Exact door and garage access details will be provided 24 hours before check-in.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Greg
Host User ID: 79298514
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/79298514
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
My work: Healthcare
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
286 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting