URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1171256338723016238
Latitude: 36.1538
Longitude: -86.7753
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome To Sky High Club!!!Nashville finest VIP Lounge Short walk to Broadway(8 mins only), Bridgestone Arena, The Music City Center, and Country Music Hall of fame and All of Nashville finest.

Amazing City view from Our Large Balcony! Top Notched Spacious  Unit from  Comfort and Unique Themed rooms , Ultimate Party room. Designed for Ultimately the Best Nashville Experience. 

Fully Equipped Kitchen, Supplies, Coffee, Comfortable Beds and Premium Linens
!!Free Parking in Gated Priority Garage!

The space
🎶 The Top-Notched VIP Lounge | Luxury Downtown Nashville Condo | Sleeps 6 | Steps from Broadway
Experience Nashville Like a True VIP — Right in the Heart of Downtown!
Welcome to The Top-Notched VIP Lounge, Unit #710 — a stylish, upscale condo perfectly situated just steps from Broadway’s legendary honky-tonks, world-class live music venues, iconic restaurants, and vibrant nightlife of Downtown Nashville.
This isn’t just a stay—it’s your exclusive VIP retreat, designed for weekend getaways, business trips, or unforgettable celebrations. Step inside and feel the energy of Music City with luxury amenities, modern comforts, and a private atmosphere tailored to your experience.
🛏 Sleeps 6 Comfortably — Perfect for Groups & Professionals
Ideal for:
Groups ready to dive into Nashville’s nightlife and music scene 🎸
Business travelers seeking a stylish, private space with a bonus meeting room 💼
Bachelor/bachelorette parties, birthdays, or any reason to celebrate in style 🎉
🛋 Lounge in Style — Your Private VIP Living Room
Unwind or party in your own exclusive lounge featuring:
Plush, lounge-style sofa for relaxing or socializing
Huge Smart TV & Bluetooth speaker to set the perfect vibe
LED and neon accent lighting creating a dynamic party atmosphere
Elegant bar cart with chic glassware and decanter for your favorite drinks
High-speed WiFi for streaming, work, or connecting with friends
🍳 Fully Equipped Kitchen & Elegant Dining Area
Cook up a storm or start your day right with:
Modern kitchen fully stocked with cookware, utensils, and appliances
Keurig coffee maker with complimentary pods for your caffeine fix
Spacious dining table perfect for meals, planning, or group hangouts
🛌 2 Beautiful Bedrooms + Flexible Sleeping Options
Bedroom One:
Two full-size beds with premium linens
Ensuite bathroom with walk-in shower
Large walk-in closet with extra pillows, blankets, queen air mattress & twin rollaway bed — perfect for extra guests
Essential toiletries included
Bedroom Two:
King bed with plush pillows
Private ensuite bathroom with tub/shower combo and premium toiletries
Private meeting room ideal for business travelers or quiet downtime
🌆 Private Balcony with Stunning Downtown Views
Step out onto your private balcony, furnished for comfort, and take in breathtaking views of the Nashville skyline — perfect for morning coffee, sunset cocktails, or just soaking up the city’s vibrant energy.
🏢 Resort-Style Amenities to Elevate Your Stay
 year-round swimming pool for relaxing swims or sunbathing
State-of-the-art fitness center with top equipment
Courtyard with propane grill — ideal for BBQ nights
Outdoor fireplace to cozy up under the stars
Sky lounges with panoramic sunset views of downtown Nashville
Social common areas for mingling or peaceful breaks
📍 Prime Location – Walk to Nashville’s Best
Just steps from:
Lower Broadway & famous honky-tonks
Bridgestone Arena & Ryman Auditorium
Ascend Amphitheater & Music City Center
Trendy restaurants, bars, coffee shops, and shops
🚗 Parking & 24/7 Guest Support
One assigned parking spot included (additional spots available upon request)
24/7 emergency maintenance & concierge services for an effortless stay
💬 A Personal Message from Your Host
Welcome to the Top-Notched VIP Lounge!
We designed this condo to be your perfect Nashville launchpad — where luxury meets live music, excitement, and comfort. Whether you’re here to celebrate, work, or explore, I’m here to help make your stay seamless and memorable. Don’t hesitate to reach out for local tips or special requests!
Book your stay now and get ready to experience Music City like a true VIP. 🎸🌟

Permit#2022059178

Guest access
This entire apartment complex along with this unit is accessed by a key-fob. Key-fob can be retrieved at the key-cafe located in the main lobby(Floor P3) in front of the elevator. Check in procedure and key-fob retrieval procedures will be available on the day of arrival.

Other things to note
Please Note:
While we always strive to provide a comfortable and positive living experience, there are certain factors beyond our personal control that we want to clarify:
We are not responsible for external variables outside of this building, such as noise, construction, or private/public events happening nearby.
This property is part of a larger complex managed by building management, who oversee:
Common areas and shared spaces
Exterior maintenance
Interior maintenance of physical systems and appliances (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, HVAC, and drywall)
When it comes to maintenance requests or issues, we are required to follow the building’s procedures and timelines. We will always do our best to communicate and advocate on your behalf, but please understand that resolution times are ultimately determined by the building’s management and service teams.

This is a multi-unit building, and there may be other guests staying in neighboring units.
While we expect everyone to be respectful, we cannot control the behavior of other guests, including potential noise.
If excessive noise occurs after quiet hours, you may report it directly to the building’s overnight security, who are available to assist.
Thank you for your understanding and cooperation! If you have any questions or concerns ahead of your stay, feel free to reach out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Phubodee
Host User ID: 549157111
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/549157111
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
My work: Hosting
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
3 years hosting
1511 reviews
4.72 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting