URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/34223031
Latitude: 36.1047
Longitude: -86.8024
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Slumber peacefully, thanks to white-noise machines and Sterns & Foster luxury mattresses in each bedroom, plus wide-screen TVs in each room. Designer floor, table, and pendant lighting are a particular feature here. Full range of coffee options from a Nespresso machine, Keurig, drip coffee and. French Press… we’ve got you covered, coffee lovers! 
The outside deck overlooks a beautiful treescape view with lots of privacy.  

Outside electrical plug available for charging a vehicle as well as availability at Lipscomb University across the street.    

Davidson County Short Term Rental Permit #2017014819

So easy to get anywhere in Nashville. Whether driving your own car or taking an Uber or Lyft. Interstates close by as well as the world famous Bluebird Cafe. Can walk to:
Get your favorite Starbucks drink, the best mall in the Nashville area (The Green Hills Mall). Whole Foods, Trader Joes, Kroger, Walgreens, CVS, Donut Den (you will thank me later), any type of workout facility you need (Yoga, Cardio, Weights,).

Entire upstairs apartment

The apartment is a totally separate entrance. We live downstairs and are available if you need to recommendation, directions or anything else to make your stay in Nashville a good one.​​​​​​​

Stock up at Green Hills Mall, perhaps the best in all Nashville, complete with Whole Foods, Trader Joes, and Kroger. Also close are gyms and heath centers, plus the famous Bluebird Cafe. Downtown and Broadway venues are an easy 4-mile drive.

Space to park in the driveway. Uber and Lyft are great options getting around Nashville, if you don't have a car.

You will enjoy taking a jog, run or walk on nearby Belmont Blvd.

The apartment has a totally separate entrance. We live downstairs and are available if you need to recommendation, directions or anything else to make your stay in Nashville a good one.​​​​​​​

The space
So easy to get anywhere in Nashville. Whether driving your own car or taking an Uber or Lyft. Interstates close by as well as the world famous Bluebird Cafe. Can walk to:
Get your favorite Starbucks drink, the best mall in the Nashville area (The Green Hills Mall). Whole Foods, Trader Joes, Kroger, Walgreens, CVS, Donut Den (you will thank me later), any type of workout facility you need (Yoga, Cardio, Weights,).

Guest access
Entire upstairs apartment

Other things to note
You will enjoy taking a jog, run or walk on nearby Belmont Blvd. Full screen TVs in both bedrooms.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Edie
Host User ID: 258369815
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/258369815
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Our family has moved all over the South and so thankful to be back home in Nashville and the great state of Tennessee. I am a native Nashvillian and attended Vanderbilt for undergrad. (I am a high school teacher at a near by public school.) Two of my oldest children have graduated from local colleges in the area (Vanderbilt and Lipscomb) & have given me great recommendations for all Nashville has to offer. 
I highly recommend checking out the very close (and world famous) Bluebird Cafe on your visit.  
We love the small town feel, but big city opportunities in Nashville. Excited to share what makes Nashville such a great place to visit!
My work: Edie- High School Math Teacher
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
404 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting