Skip to content
Homes
Homes
Experiences
Experiences
Services
Services
Start your search
Location
Anywhere
Check in / Check out
Anytime
Guests
Add guests
Become a host
Reunion -Bar & Restaurant Open-1 Mile to Broadway!
Share
Save
Show all photos
Photos
Amenities
Reviews
Location
Entire home in Nashville, Tennessee, United States
2 guests · 1 bedroom · 1 bed · 1 bath
Rated 4.57 out of 5 stars.
4.57
·
14 reviews
Hosted by Reunion
3 years hosting
Listing highlights
In Five Points, East Nashville
In East Nashville's Five Points, with bars, restaurants, and coffee shops within walking distance
Boutique room above a lively bar
A boutique hotel room attached to a literary-inspired bar with a rooftop and courtyard
Character and location stand out
Several guests highlight the room's character and the walkable neighborhood
Welcome to Reunion, a unique hotel experience in the highly sought after Five Points area of East Nashville. We have eight uniquely inspired rooms. While each room is different, they all come with the comforts needed for a fun trip to Nashville.

Reunion, however, is not just a place to stay, it’s also a place to celebrate and embrace artistic achievements and the power of creative collaboration. These 8 unique rooms surround the cool and lively bar, Reunion.

The space
REUNION BAR: 

Step into our authentically charming bar, evoking the spirit of literary greats like the Bloomsbury Group and late-night strolls along Paris's Left Bank. Inspired by nature and vintage publishers' marks, our style ignites creativity. 

NOISE: 
While we're at the heart of the action, we can't promise complete silence, but our well-insulated rooms offer thoughtful design. Need absolute quiet? We might not be your cup of tea. 

As a guest at Reunion, enjoy East Nashville's culinary delights with to-go orders from our bar, or grab our exceptional beers to enjoy in your room. Though the bar is our heartbeat, it operates separately from the rooms. Don't worry—our management team ensures a seamless stay.

Embark on a journey of creativity and community at Reunion, where our rooms attached to the bar in Five Points offer comfort, character, and convenience. Experience the magic of art and vibrant neighborhood life here.

Bar Hours: 
Sunday - Thursday: 2pm  - 2AM
Friday & Saturday: 11AM - 2AM

Guest access
Guest will access their hotel room through the secured gate on the side of the building. This is protected by a unique code that changes per stay. Guests will NOT enter through the bar. During their stay, guests will have access to the courtyard, the rooftop bar, the back entrance to the bar & the coffee station located on the second floor. Please note, there is an elevator on-site that provides ADA access for the second-floor rooms only.

Other things to note
Reunion Rooms 101 & 102 have ADA access from the rear entrance.

The elevator provides ADA access to 2nd floor rooms. If you need elevator access during your stay, please do not book any units on the third floor.

The 3rd floor rooms do not have ADA access.

While the bar is the beating heart of the establishment, it is important to note that the rooms and the bar operate separately. We want our guests to have the convenience of an onsite spot for drinks & food, but the bar staff does not manage nor assist with the guest experience. Rest assured, though, all those who choose to stay at Reunion will be cared for by the management team every step of the way.

While we're nestled in the heart of the action, we understand that some guests may have concerns about noise. While we cannot guarantee 100% soundproofing, please know our rooms are thoughtfully designed and exceptionally well-insulated. If you need absolute silence to drift off into that deep sleep we all need, then as your friend, we encourage you to find somewhere else to stay. By all means come visit the bar, though!
Show more
What this place offers
Wifi
Dedicated workspace
Free parking on premises
TV
Air conditioning
Shared patio or balcony
Hair dryer
Microwave
Show all 39 amenities
Select check-in date
Add your travel dates for exact pricing
Clear dates
Add dates for prices
Add dates for prices
CHECK-IN
Add date
CHECKOUT
Add date
GUESTS
1 guest
Check availability