URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1757401569604796341
Latitude: 36.1469
Longitude: -86.8167
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Astra by AvantStay! Floor-to-ceiling windows, a quarter mile to Centennial Park, and a restaurant on the ground floor for the nights when leaving the building is too much to ask. Light, quiet, and pointed at everything worth walking to.

🏙️ Rooftop gathering space with skyline views
🏊 Access to a seasonal pool, fitness center, BBQ & firepit
🛏️ Two queen bedrooms, each with its own bath
🌳 Five-minute walk to the park, trails and the Parthenon

The space
Astra sits on the West End edge of Midtown inside The Odyssey, a modern condo building that puts you a quarter mile from Centennial Park and within easy reach of everything else in Nashville. Floor-to-ceiling windows fill the two-bedroom with light, and the interior keeps things clean and warm — comfortable furnishings, a smart TV, and an open living area that's the obvious place to land at the end of a day out.

The kitchen is fully equipped, with sleek appliances and barstool seating at the counter for a slow breakfast, a proper home-cooked dinner, or takeout carried up from downstairs. Both bedrooms are built for an actual night's sleep. The primary has a queen, its own smart TV, and an ensuite bath. The second bedroom also has a queen, with a bath that opens both to the room and to the living area — private when the door's shut, and a guest bath when you need one.

The Odyssey handles the extras. Guests have access to the building's amenities: a seasonal pool with lounge seating, a BBQ area and fire pit, a well-equipped fitness center, and rooftop gathering space with skyline views. And on the nights when leaving the building sounds like too much, Tito's Mexican Restaurant is on the ground floor.

Centennial Park is a five-minute walk — 132 acres of trails, open lawns, and Nashville's full-scale replica of the Parthenon, which is exactly as strange and as worth seeing as it sounds. Vanderbilt and its medical center are under a mile east, which makes this a practical base for campus visits, appointments, and game weekends alike. West End Avenue keeps cafés and restaurants within a few blocks in both directions, and Music Row is a little over a mile out if you want the working side of the music business rather than the tourist version. Broadway and its neon are a short drive when you want the night to get loud. Close to the park when you want quiet, close to the noise when you don't.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- The apartment is located on the 3rd floor, with elevator access available.
- Due to ongoing development in the area, you may experience nearby construction noise during your stay.

Parking Details:
- Parking is provided on a first-come, first-serve basis in the top-floor parking garage. No reserved parking. Guests can park in any spot that is not marked reserved. No parking pass required.
- If no garage spaces are available upon your arrival, or If you have extra vehicles, additional street parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2023072814

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6914 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting