URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1280365186750698833
Latitude: 36.20835
Longitude: -86.78745
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Howdy Honey!

Soak up the Nashville skyline from your own private rooftop oasis! This stunning space features a hot tub, fire pit, grill, and plenty of stylish seating for relaxing or entertaining. This 4BR townhouse is located less than 10 min from Broadway and is perfect for groups, bachelorette trips, or weekend escapes, this home combines chic design with true Music City charm.

Book today for an unforgettable Nashville getaway! 
-Hot Tub
-King Beds
-Fun Games
-Great Location

The space
With a prime location, you’ll have easy access to the city's most iconic neighborhoods, including the Gulch, 12 South, East Nashville, and Music Row. Get ready to create picture-perfect memories in a place that feels like home while you dive into the heart of Music City!

IG @howdyhoneynash

Key Features: 
- Large rooftop with skyline views: enjoy the rooftop to soak up Nashville’s beautiful skyline. There is a hot tub, fire pit and lounge area to relax along with a large table and chairs to enjoy your meals while taking it the views. 
- Glam Stations: 3 of the rooms have glam stations for extra space to get ready for exploring the city or your night out on the town!
- Unique Themes & Decor: each room has its own theme and unique photo opportunities!
- Spacious Living: 3 floors of living space with each floor with each room having a full bathroom, over 2,200 square feet. 
- Fully Stocked Kitchen: pots/pans, blender, Keurig + K-cups, full set of dishes + silverware for large groups, etc. 
- Parking: 2 car garage included + a lot of additional parking spaces available inside the community. 
- Convenient Location: Broadway (10 min), 12 South (13 min), The Gulch (11 min), Easy Nashville (11 min), Grand Ole Opry (16 min) and the airport (13 min).
- Local host: will provide recommendations of my favorite places and always happy to help where I can to make your stay perfect!
- Additional features: WiFi, washer/dryer
- Brand New Townhome built in 2024

Town Home Layout: 

Floor 1: 
Bedroom 1 & Full Bathroom - Whiskey Honey: a moody country retreat. 
Welcome to our Whiskey Honey themed room, a cozy sanctuary that perfectly blends rustic charm with a moody country vibe by including dark colors and camo. This room also contains a glam station illuminating Hollywood lights. There is a King Bed for sleeping. 

Floor 2: 
Bedroom 2 & Full Bathroom - Americana Honey: a vintage, American retreat.
Welcome to our American Honey themed room, a delightful blend of American charm and vintage elegance. You will feel like an American cowboy! This room has a glam station with Hollywood lights in the spacious closet. There is a Queen bed with a full bunk for sleeping.

Kitchen - a fully stocked kitchen with brand new appliances and modern finishes. Spacious kitchen equipped with everything you would need to cook for large groups. Please enjoy the Keurig with coffee for you to stay caffeinated during your stay. 

Living Room - feel right at home at the Cowboy Club living room featuring a large couch, an oversize furry chair and extra stools with a large TV. 

Floor 3:
Bedroom 3 & Full Bathroom- Nashville Honey: a pink Dolly retreat.
Welcome to our Nashville Honey themed room, a vibrant and whimsical space that is all things pink, Nashville, Dolly and disco. This room even has a view of Nashville’s skyline! There is a king bed for sleeping and large master bathroom. 

Bedroom 4 & Full Bathroom - Honkey Tonk Hive: a vintage, honkey tonk retreat. 
Welcome to our Honkey Tonk Hive themed room, a room celebrating Nashville’s iconic Broadway Honkey Tonks. This room has a 2 glam stations with Hollywood lights in the large, walk-in closet. There are two full beds sleeping. 

Book Howdy Honey for an unforgettable and luxurious stay in the heart of Nashville, TN! I look forward to welcoming you to my favorite city! 

Neighborhood Respect:
Please be respectful to the other townhomes in the community like you would if you lived there :)

Flexible Check-In/Out: 
Please reach out if you need an early check in or late check out, I will everything I can to accommodate your needs. Please note that there may be a small fee. 

Security: 
Cameras are at the front door and garage to ensure your safety. There are none on the rooftop or balconies. 

Party and Event Policy: 
To ensure everyone's enjoyment, please note that parties and events are strictly not allowed, though we welcome Bachelorette and Bachelor groups.

Permit#2024097766

Guest access
You will have access via the front door lock! The entire home and rooftop are all yours to enjoy!

Other things to note
Enjoy your time in Nashville!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hailey
Host User ID: 37756500
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/37756500
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Pets: dog, Bentley
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
53 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting