URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1598814455631905310
Latitude: 36.197197715489004
Longitude: -86.77064217086563
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our stylish 3 bedroom Nashville escape! Make memories at this luxury property to ensure your trip to Nashville is an unforgettable one!

The space
🌆 Luxury Skyline Retreat | Private Rooftop & Hot Tub

Welcome to your elevated luxury escape, a stunning 3-bedroom, 3-bathroom home designed for guests who appreciate style, comfort, and unforgettable views. Thoughtfully curated with upscale finishes and modern design, this home delivers a private, resort-like experience—just minutes from the heart of the city.

✨ Private Rooftop Experience

The crown jewel of the home is the exclusive rooftop deck, offering:
	•	A private hot tub overlooking breathtaking city skyline views
	•	Comfortable lounge seating perfect for relaxing day or night
	•	A peaceful, elevated setting ideal for sunset cocktails and late-night soaking

Whether you’re unwinding after a day of exploring or enjoying a quiet evening under the stars, the rooftop provides a truly memorable experience.

🛋️ Designer Living Spaces

Inside, the home features:
	•	An open-concept living area with high ceilings and abundant natural light
	•	High-end furnishings, curated décor, and sophisticated finishes
	•	A spacious living room ideal for gathering, relaxing, or entertaining
	•	Seamless indoor-outdoor flow that enhances the luxury feel

Every detail has been carefully selected to create a refined yet inviting atmosphere.

🍽️ Gourmet Kitchen & Dining

The fully equipped kitchen includes:
	•	Premium appliances and modern cabinetry
	•	Quartz countertops and stylish finishes
	•	All cookware, dishware, and essentials for home dining
	•	Dining space perfect for shared meals or celebratory evenings

Ideal for hosting, cooking, or simply enjoying coffee before heading out.

🛏️ Three Luxurious Bedrooms

Each bedroom is designed with comfort and privacy in mind:
	•	Three beautifully appointed bedrooms, each with plush mattresses and quality linens
	•	Three full bathrooms, featuring spa-inspired finishes and walk-in showers
	•	Thoughtful layouts perfect for couples, friends, or families traveling together

Sleep comfortably and wake refreshed for another day of city adventures.

📍 Prime Location

Perfectly situated near top attractions, you’ll enjoy:
	•	Quick access to downtown entertainment, nightlife, and dining
	•	Close proximity to popular neighborhoods, shopping, and music venues
	•	A quiet, upscale setting while remaining close to the action

⭐ Additional Amenities
	•	High-speed WiFi
	•	Smart TVs throughout
	•	Washer & dryer
	•	Central heating & air
	•	Easy self check-in
	•	Private or dedicated parking (if applicable)

⸻

Whether you’re visiting for a special celebration, weekend getaway, or a luxurious city escape, this 3-bedroom, 3-bathroom skyline home with a private rooftop hot tub offers a stay that blends elegance, comfort, and unforgettable views.

✨ Book now and experience luxury at a higher level. ✨

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Guest access
Entire home

Other things to note
Garage and street parking available

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting