URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/893410936138112763
Latitude: 36.17719
Longitude: -86.75757
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 5
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Let us know if you’d like early check-in (Thurs/Fri) or late check-out—based on availability and includes a fee.

Experience the epitome of Nashville luxury at our 5-bedroom, 4.5-bathroom brand new house. This 2,700 sq feet spacious house is perfect for girls, groups, or families seeking a stylish and convenient getaway. Enjoy the vibrant Nashville scene, unwind in the beautifully designed interiors, and create memories that will last a lifetime. Book now for an unforgettable stay in Music City!

The space
Welcome to "Dolly's Retreat" – a colorful and spacious 2,700 sq. ft. home inspired by the legendary Dolly Parton. This fun and vibrant house is filled with bright colors, Dolly-themed decor, and thoughtful touches throughout.

Early Check-In & Late Check-Out Options - We offer flexible arrival and departure times for an added fee:

$350 – Early check-in at 8 AM AND late check-out at 6 PM
(We block both the night before and after your stay from other bookings)

$250 – Early check-in at 8 AM OR late check-out at 5 PM
(We block either the night before or after your stay)

$150 – Early check-in at 2 PM (instead of 4 PM)
or
$150 – Late check-out at 1 PM (instead of 11 AM)

If you'd like to add one of these options, just let me know and I’ll send a separate request for the additional service 😊

Here is the layout of the home:

1st Floor: Fully Stocked Kitchen & Living Room

🛏 Bedrooms
Bedroom 1 (First Floor):
Ideal for a group or family, this large room includes three full-size beds with cheerful bedding and decor.

Bedroom 2 (Second Floor):
Features a queen bed and private full bathroom, with Dolly-themed details throughout.

Bedroom 3 (Second Floor):
Great for kids or additional guests, this room includes full size bunk beds and a pull-out bed, along with its own full bathroom.

Bedroom 4 (Second Floor):
A spacious king bedroom with an ensuite bathroom. This room is elegantly decorated and offers a quiet space to relax.

Bedroom 5 (Third Floor):
A private suite with a bedroom, living area, and bathroom — perfect for a couple or guests who want extra privacy.

☀ Rooftop Terrace (Fourth Floor)
Enjoy city views from the rooftop! Perfect for morning coffee or evening drinks. The terrace includes fun Dolly-inspired touches and cozy seating.

🏡 Throughout the Home
The entire space is decorated with Dolly’s flair — from the colorful kitchen and cozy living room to themed artwork and memorabilia throughout.

Whether you’re a Dolly Parton fan or just want a bright, spacious place to stay, Dolly’s Retreat is a unique and comfortable home base for your trip.

Book now and enjoy a memorable stay!

Guest access
Entire home including two living rooms and a rooftop terrace with city views.

Other things to note
Let us know if you’d like early check-in (Thurs/Fri) or late check-out — based on availability and includes a fee.

House is just 1.3 miles to Nissan Stadium and 1.9 Miles to Broadway!  Just a quick uber or scooter ride away!  

Walkability to tons of restaurants such as Butcher and Bee, Emmy Squared, Hawkers Asian, East Park Donuts, Hunter's Station, Bartaco, etc!

By proceeding with your booking and submitting payment, you acknowledge and agree to the following terms:

Our property is located in an area that may experience snow, ice, and freezing temperatures during certain times of the year. While we strive to maintain a safe and comfortable environment, we cannot be held responsible for any accidents, injuries, or damages that may occur as a result of these natural weather conditions, including but not limited to:

Slips, trips, or falls on snow or ice on driveways, walkways, stairs, or other outdoor areas.
Damage to personal vehicles or property caused by snow, ice, or freezing temperatures.
Power outages, water disruptions, or other inconveniences caused by extreme weather.
Tenants are responsible for exercising caution and taking necessary precautions to ensure their safety, such as wearing appropriate footwear and driving carefully during winter weather conditions.

By completing your booking and payment, you accept these terms and release the property owners and managers from any liability related to weather-related incidents or damages.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Marianne
Host User ID: 52325951
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/52325951
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are thrilled you’re here and can’t wait to get to host y’all! We have passion for travel, adventure, and creating unforgettable experiences. We cannot wait to host you and make your stay in Nashville truly special. I understand the joy that comes from experiencing a destination like a local and aim to provide you with that authentic and immersive experience during your stay.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
138 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting