URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1770372299291482296
Latitude: 36.140378551328666
Longitude: -86.79949682392898
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay close to Nashville’s best attractions in this modern 715-square-foot condo for up to 4 guests. The home features a private king bedroom, sleeper sofa, full bathroom, open living and dining area, fully equipped kitchen, dedicated workspace, Wi-Fi, in-unit washer and dryer, and a private balcony overlooking the shared pool. Enjoy access to the building’s fitness center and elevator, with free street parking near The Gulch, Music Row and Broadway.

The space
Welcome to your modern Nashville retreat at Illume - a stylish one-bedroom condo thoughtfully designed for couples, friends, business travelers and small groups of up to four.

🏢 ARRIVAL & PRIVATE ENTRY

Enter the modern residential building and take the elevator to Unit 210. Once inside the private entrance, you’ll step directly into a bright, open-concept home with hardwood-style flooring, contemporary furnishings and Nashville-inspired décor.

🛋️ LIVING ROOM

The living room offers a comfortable place to unwind after exploring Music City. Relax on the gray sleeper sofa, stream your favorite shows on the wall-mounted TV or gather around the coffee tables to plan your next Nashville adventure.

The sofa converts into an additional bed, allowing the condo to accommodate up to four guests. Large windows and a glass balcony door fill the room with natural light and provide views toward the building’s pool and courtyard.

A dedicated workspace, Wi-Fi and an Ethernet connection make the condo suitable for remote work and extended stays.

🍽️ FULL KITCHEN & DINING

The open kitchen includes everything needed to prepare breakfast, dinner or a late-night snack. Features include:

Stainless-steel refrigerator and freezer
Gas stove and oven
Microwave
Dishwasher
Keurig coffee maker
Toaster
Pots, pans and cooking basics
Dishes, silverware and wine glasses
Coffee and a starter supply of essentials

A dining table with seating for four sits between the kitchen and living room, creating a convenient space for meals, drinks, games or laptop work.

🛏️ PRIVATE KING BEDROOM

Continue into the private bedroom, where a king-size bed with a striking four-poster frame creates a comfortable and stylish retreat. Room-darkening shades, extra pillows, bedside lighting and closet storage help guests settle in and recharge for another day in Nashville.

🚿 FULL BATHROOM

The spacious bathroom features a long vanity with generous counter and cabinet space, an illuminated mirror, a toilet and a glass-enclosed walk-in shower. A hair dryer, body soap, towels and other basic essentials are provided.

IN-UNIT LAUNDRY

A stacked washer and dryer are located inside the condo, making it easy to refresh clothing during weekend trips, business travel or longer stays. An iron and hangers are also available.

🌇 PRIVATE BALCONY

Step outside onto the long private balcony furnished with colorful outdoor seating. Overlooking the pool and interior courtyard, it is a relaxing place to enjoy morning coffee, catch the afternoon breeze or unwind as the sun sets.

🏊 SHARED BUILDING AMENITIES

Guests can also enjoy access to the building’s shared amenities, including:

Community swimming pool
Sun loungers
Fitness center
Outdoor seating and dining areas
Elevator access

After a day near Broadway, The Gulch or Music Row, return to a private condo with the comfort and convenience needed for a relaxing Nashville stay.

Guest access
Guests have private access to the entire Unit 210, including the living room, kitchen, dining area, bedroom, bathroom, in-unit laundry and private balcony.

Guests may also use the building’s shared pool, fitness center, outdoor seating and dining areas, sun loungers and elevator in accordance with building rules and operating hours.

The condo offers contactless self-check-in. Detailed building-entry instructions and unique access information will be shared approximately 48 hours before check-in.

Other things to note
Maximum occupancy is four guests.
The bedroom has one king bed, and the living room has one sleeper sofa.
Smoking, parties and events are not allowed.
Quiet hours are from 10:00 PM to 7:00 AM.
Exterior security cameras monitor the building’s common areas. There are no cameras inside the condo.
The pool, gym and other shared amenities are subject to building rules, operating hours, maintenance and availability.
A minimum additional charge of $150 may apply for smoking, excessive bodily-fluid cleanup or property damage.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Leah
Host User ID: 180985588
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/180985588
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! I am so excited to host you and am passionate about creating a 5-star experience during your stay. I've been in Nashville about 4 years and fell in love with the city. I'd love to give you recommendations on places to eat or things to do, just let me know!
Born in the 90s
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
961 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting