URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/935196928020768924
Latitude: 36.1775
Longitude: -86.6915
rental_type: Private room in home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: None
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type, bedrooms
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
You get the whole upstairs to yourself starting with the steps that begin in the living room next to the kitchen both which allowed for all access however is shared with two other roomates whom live there both in their own rooms on the first floor, roonates whom you probabky wont ever see since their usually either at work or asleep or manage to come home at the exact opposite time from when you'll be coming home, how they or me or its timed always this way is beyond me. I always forget them lol

The space
Its a two story house located in Donelson area, its a quite and a very safe neighborhood that's not far from the city infact its a less than a 10 minute of a drive to downtown. This place will easily remind you of your own home as its already serves as home to us in which we actually live every day of our lives so its set up very much so family friendly already, you won't find it full of empty rooms or with empty refrigerator in the kitchen, everything is full of things and full of life which were going to let it all be shared with you. So we hope you treat it like your own home that is all were asking of you when you stay here,  if only that's not too much to ask for. Thank you for your time and patience!

Guest access
The only part of the house thats available for your use is the second floor, all of second floor is yours to do as you please in it, however the living room, kitchen and underneath basement in which laundry area is set up at is all also available for your use, however be advised that these three areas even though are available to you they are also available to two other roommates who share those spaces with you, guys who live on the first floor in their own rooms whom you probably wont ever see or meet due to them being always either at work or when at home both be asleep, neither one spea any English so when or if you run into either one of them just be polite and say hello but dont bother to have a conversation with one they do not care who you are or why you're there, they mind their own business and stay to themselves so dont worry to be bothered by anyone in the house, just be considerate when using the kitchen or hanging out in the living room couch in which is badly broken and no way can be set on so living room might best be avoided but its there if you need it. Also don't eat someone else food, please and thank you.

During your stay
I can meet you on the property to hand off the keys or I can leave them somewhere hidden for you to grab whichever way you prefer is up to you, but after you will have my number and mu finaces number to reach out to for anything and we also will be reaching out as well once while to see and make sure everyone is safe and ok at the property once we hear back from you everything is straight we wont bother you anymore until your leave. One check up is all you can expect from us no one will be bothering you or intrude in your business in any way, expect to have your privacy.

Other things to note
The tv has Netflix and Amazon prime on it youre welcome to use it. Number two is preferred to be done at the downstairs bathroom since upstairs one gets clogged up easy you can try using it but just be easy with toilet paper too much will stuff it up so flush very little or use one downstairs to avoid risking the headache. Laundry is done in the basement which can be entered through the kitchen door that's located next to fridge or across from it should be easy to find. On food please buy your own groceries and avoid using someone elses, you'll find food all over the kitchen it all belongs to other people who live downstairs and completely separate from upstairs. They live there and pay rent and mind their own business so its expected to do the same on your end. Use the kitchen any way youd like just dont take whats not yours. Clean after yourself dont expect someone to wash the dishes for you which they will generously do so however don't take advantage over someone kindness. Good people live here, please be good in return.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Caitlin
Host User ID: 448798855
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/448798855
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Where I went to school: Nashville School of the Arts
My work: Shipt
I spend too much time: worrying about problems instead of solvg
What makes my home unique: its very pricate and quite
For guests, I always: Try to offer comfortable and clean env!
Response rate: 17%
Responds within a few days or more
3 years hosting
1 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting