URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1769242515901707584
Latitude: 36.155
Longitude: -86.7753
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
*Professional Photos & Finishing Touches Soon!* Experience Nashville from our stylish 5th-floor 1BR in the heart of downtown.
🎸 Sub-10-minute walk to Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and the Ryman, with balcony views of all three
🛏️ Helix Luxe mattresses (one king, two queens), blackout curtains, sound machines
☕ Coffee bar: Moccamaster coffeemaker, Baratza burr grinder, Keurig, electric kettle
🛜 Gigabit WiFi
🧺 Upgraded in-unit washer/dryer
We're Nashville locals and glad to make recomendations!

The space
We designed this apartment with you in mind, covering the details so you can show up, enjoy Nashville, and know you have a genuinely nice place to relax and recharge.

🎸 THE VIEW
Step out onto the private balcony and look left to see: the Country Music Hall of Fame, Music City Center, Bridgestone Arena, Broadway, and the Ryman Auditorium.

🛏️ SLEEP
- Helix Dusk Luxe king in the bedroom and two Helix Midnight Luxe queens in the main living area
- Sateen cotton sheets and duvets with covers washed fresh for every guest
- Four pillows and two blankets on every bed
- Blackout curtains, sound machines, and earplugs for sleeping in after a night out

☕ THE COFFEE BAR
- Technivorm Moccamaster coffeemaker and a Baratza burr grinder for serious coffee lovers
- Keurig and plenty of K-Cups when you just need caffeine fast
- Electric kettle and three tea options for tea drinkers
- Creamer, flavored syrups, and a range of sweeteners
- Fun mugs for mornings in, to-go cups for heading out

🍳 KITCHEN
- Instant Pot, KitchenAid slow cooker, and Blendtec blender
- Full-size appliances, including an electric range/oven, dishwasher and a fridge with a built-in ice maker
- Fold-down butcher-block table for four, plus two seats at the bar

🛜 TECH & 🧺 LAUNDRY
- Fast, reliable WiFi on gigabit fiber with enterprise-grade hardware
- 65" 4K TV in the living room, 55" 4K TV in the bedroom
- LG WashTower washer and dryer, so you can pack light and still go home with clean clothes

🛁 BATH
- Public Goods shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and lotion
- Hair dryer, flat iron, iron, ironing board, and steamer
- Plenty of luxury bath towels, hand towels, and washcloths, plus separate pool and makeup towels

Guest access
If you need parking, our large, reserved spot in the building's secure street-level priority garage is available for an additional $30 per night. The garage has 7'6" clearance. Our full-size SUV fits easily, but if you have a lifted truck, tall van, or a rooftop cargo box, please double-check your vehicle's height.

The building’s keyless entry app, Door, gives you access to parking, the lobby, the elevator, building amenities, and the apartment itself. It takes a little getting used to, but we’ll send everything you need to get up to speed before you arrive. The app only works on a smartphone. If that’s a concern for anyone in your group, message me before you book so we can find a workaround.

The property has some great shared spaces, and you're welcome to enjoy all of them including: a pool, gym, sky lounge, fire pits, and gas grills. These amenities are managed by the building and occasionally one or more of them is closed for maintenance. 

Check-in is at 3 PM, and check-out is at 10 AM. If your travel plans don’t match these times, message us. Early check-in or late checkout is often possible. If not, Baggage Bellhop can store your luggage in the lobby, so you don’t have to carry your bags around.

Other things to note
Downtown gets noisy at night, especially on weekends. We’ve added blackout curtains, sound machines, and earplugs to help. If you need it very quiet to sleep, this location might not be the best fit.

There’s one bathroom. It has plenty of hot water and a full-length mirror in the bedroom that keeps the line moving, though a group of six should expect to take turns.

The two queen beds are in the main living area. This setup works well for friends and family, but it’s less private than having a second bedroom.

Sometimes the building closes the pool, gym, or sky lounge for maintenance. If we find out about any closures in advance, we’ll let you know right away.

The garage parking spot is at street level and has 7 feet 6 inches of clearance. Tall vans, lifted trucks, or cars with roof racks might not fit. We might be able to help you find other parking options, so please message us before deciding. We’ll do our best to help.

Checkout is simple - just lock the door when you leave. If you have time to gather the towels, take out the trash, and start the dishwasher, that would be a big help as we prepare for our next guests. If you can’t, no worries.

If you have any questions, just send us a message. We’ll get back to you as soon as we can and we're always happy to help.

STR permit #2018069890

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Meghan
Host User ID: 17043981
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/17043981
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Meghan! A Nashvillian who loves creating warm and inviting spaces for others to visit and traveling the world with my family.
Born in the 80s
I spend too much time: Planning trips
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
New Host