URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1581455832059843218
Latitude: 36.1542
Longitude: -86.7757
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your VIP Downtown Skyline Retreat! 🎸

Experience the magic of Music City from this stunning 2BR/2BA downtown apartment! Perfect for couples or friend groups, this home sleeps up to 8 and features Dual King Beds 👑. Enjoy breathtaking skyline views from your private balcony, plus exclusive access to a resort pool 🏊, fitness center, and fire pits 🔥. Walk to Broadway or Bridgestone Arena in minutes! Includes secure garage parking 🚗. Strictly no pets. Your unforgettable getaway starts here! 🤠✨

The space
Welcome to your Downtown Nashville Oasis! 🎻

Elevate your Music City celebration in this flawlessly designed, modern luxury apartment. Perfectly tailored for two couples traveling together, close friend groups, or families, this space offers the ultimate VIP experience. Tucked right in the vibrant heart of downtown, this home delivers a perfect balance of shared social zones, private retreats, and unbelievable skyline views from the moment you walk through the door.

💎 The Downtown Advantage:

Unbeatable Walkability: You are in the absolute best pocket of the city. Take a short, breezy stroll directly to Broadway's Honky Tonks, Bridgestone Arena, or Nissan Stadium.

Resort-Style Living: Skip the cramped hotels. You have exclusive access to our sparkling community pool, a state-of-the-art fitness center, outdoor fire pits, and a sleek game room featuring a pool table and lounge areas.

The Skyline Sky Deck: Your private balcony offers some of the best sunset views in all of Nashville, with the glittering downtown skyline acting as your personal backdrop for evening drinks.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown (Sleeps up to 8):

Bedroom 1: 1 Plush King Bed + Private En-Suite Bath 👑🚿 (Your private spa-like retreat)

Bedroom 2: 1 Plush King Bed + Full Bath located just outside the room 👑🚿 (No compromising on comfort!)

Living Area: 1 Queen Sleeper Sofa + 1 Queen Air Mattress 🛋️ (Flexible sleeping options for the whole group)

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:
Coordinating a group? We utilize a flawless standard operating procedure to ensure zero check-in friction.

Digital Keyless Entry: No physical keys to pass around. Your group gets a unique, secure code so everyone can explore at their own pace.

Contactless & Effortless: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—perfect for staggered flight schedules.

Parking Details: Enjoy the absolute luxury of secure garage parking right at the building. Leave the car behind and walk to everything downtown has to offer!

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

Broadway (5 min drive/walk): A lightning-fast trip right into the heart of the neon lights and world-famous venues like Tootsie's and The Stage. 👢

Plant-Based Perfection: Head to nearby E+ROSE Wellness Cafe or The Southern V for incredible, revitalizing plant-based meals before a big day out! 🌿

Nissan Stadium (8 min drive): The easiest commute for Titans games or massive stadium concerts.

Pristine Environment: Our strict, smoke-free policy ensures the property always smells immaculate and fresh for your arrival.

🐾 Pet Policy:

No Pets: This property is a strictly pet-free environment to ensure a pristine, allergy-free space for all guests. 🚫🐕

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
2022056501

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Most useless skill: N/A
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4539 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting