URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/32383961
Latitude: 36.12765
Longitude: -86.77685
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Goin' Nowhere – Super Cute Vintage Charm in Downtown Nashville! Walk to bars, coffee shops, grocery stores, and restaurants. Inspired by Ashley McBryde’s Girl Goin' Nowhere, this unique unit features handwritten lyrics by Ashley and Jeremy Bussey. While the building shows its age, its character and prime location are unmatched. 

Seasonal pool (May to September, availability not guaranteed)
Free WiFi & Free Parking on-site
Book your stay in the heart of Music City!
Thanks for choosing us!

The space
New furniture and bedding, Serta Comfortable mattress, concrete floors and a place to sit outside and chill, even play guitar! Easy check in/check out process, free parking, pool and killer location. Come and go as you please. No keys or cards to mess with!

The space is not new. You will be booking for the location. You can walk to local hot spots, food, grocery, pharmacy and catch live music! The building and parts of the unit show their age. Location is hard to beat.

The space is 1 of 4 units on the lower level of the building(like a walk out basement). It is a corner unit with several chairs for hanging out and enjoying morning coffee, playing your guitar or the perfect location for smokers. Please no smoking inside the unit. It is the most private unit in the building. The place may smell of smoke from the renter above this unit. It is out of my control. There is NO Smoking inside my unit allowed, but the smell may seep through. Please be aware if you are sensitive to smell.

No animals please.

Guest access
You will have access to the entire place and the pool, which is open seasonally. FREE Parking on site.  

Here’s what you can expect:
Full kitchen minus the dishwasher
Towels
Bedding
Pillows
Blanket 
Hair Dryer
Basic kitchenware (plates, bowls, silverware, pots and pans)
Toaster 
Microwave 
Fridge
Oven
Coffee maker
Toiletries 
Shampoo and conditioner
Soap

Other things to note
Nightly rate varies depending on the time of year and day of the week. Refer to the calendar for most up to date availability. 

There are quiet hours from 10pm - 8am. There is a potential for noise as the complex is in a bustling urban area. You will have folks in the apartment beside and above you.  Be aware of this to make sure this is the right space for you. 

Check in is 4pm and check out is 10am. Entry to the apartment is through a smart lock. If you are arriving after check- in time you will find access super easy and convenient. We are happy to refer you to a baggage check service if you wish to explore the city before or after your stay. 

There is no elevator and it will be necessary to walk up steps.

There is a cleaning fee. This covers normal stay cleaning. Please keep in mind that part of cleaning is also laundry. We use West Elm Duvets and super soft sheets from Bed Bath and Beyond. We provide towels for you as well. If deep cleaning is needed you may be charged an additional amount. Please remove makeup before using pillowcases or washcloths. We don’t want to have to charge you if they get ruined. 

PLEASE NO ANIMALS.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Carrie
Host User ID: 179452506
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/179452506
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Passionate ocean enthusiast and avid traveler with an insatiable curiosity for exploring new foods and cultures. Embracing life's adventures one wave, bite, and journey at a time.
Where I went to school: The Ohio State University
I spend too much time: Traveling
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
1023 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting