URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1156580871719377920
Latitude: 36.3553
Longitude: -86.5282
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Gallatin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience modern comfort and style in our stunning single-family Airbnb home, nestled in a tranquil neighborhood and designed to offer you a relaxing and memorable stay. This beautifully decorated home features three spacious bedrooms, two full bathrooms, and a half bath, making it ideal for families, business travelers, or a group of friends seeking a luxurious getaway.

The space
Experience lux modern comfort and style in a stunning single-family home built in 2023, nestled in a great neighborhood with the best school districts and designed to offer you a relaxing and memorable stay. 

This beautifully decorated two-story home features three spacious bedrooms, two full bathrooms, and a half bath with a flex room for an office and/or 4th bedroom. The kitchen is fully stocked to create wonderful home cooked meals during your stay making it ideal for families, corporate/business travelers, or a group of friends seeking a luxurious getaway.

The space
This is a two-story home with 3 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms with a flex room for an office and/or 4th bedroom.

Main Level
Here is the fully stocked kitchen with a nice dining table to enjoy together over a meal with an entertainment living room with a big screen TV to relax and unwind watching your favorite shows or movies. 

Second Level
There is a Master Bedroom with an attached full bathroom. The two additional bedrooms share a Jack and Jill bath, which is ideal for families. As well as, a laundry room.

We offer flexible terms and only require a minimum of one month.

Book your stay with us today, your home away from home.

Utilties and high-speed internet included. 1 month minimum and up to 12 month lease.

Enjoy pool access starting summer 2025!

Please note that we provide a complimentary starter kit of essentials to cover about a week. For longer stays, guests will need to purchase additional items as needed.

📌NOTE: This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1,000 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $37 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $3/day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

Your guest portal includes advertisements with third-party upgrades that you may want to enhance your stay. These upgrades are optional.

Guest access
Our home is like your home away from home. 
Guests will have full access to the entire home, completely private.

Other things to note
Pool Hours: 8:00 AM – 9:00 PM
Please respect quiet hours and vacate the pool area by closing time.

-Pool Access is reserved for registered guests only. Homeowners are not permitted to use the pool unless acting as authorized staff or event organizers.
-Pool Parties are strictly prohibited. Only pre-approved, property-hosted events are allowed.
-Guest Limit: Maximum of 2 guests per reservation may use the pool at any time. All guests must be 18 or older unless supervised by a parent or guardian.
-No Smoking inside the fenced pool area.
-No Glass containers are permitted inside the fenced pool area.
-Pool Gate must remain closed at all times.
-Umbrellas must be lowered after use to prevent wind damage.
-No Pets allowed in or around the pool area at any time.
-No Running, Diving, Rough Play, or Foul Language in the pool area.
-No Footballs or Hard Balls allowed in the pool area.
-Life-Saving Equipment must remain mounted and unused unless in an emergency.
-Food & Drinks must remain at tables only. No food is allowed near the pool. Please dispose of all trash properly. Gum is not allowed in the pool area.
-No Large Floats or Rafts. Only infant floats are permitted.
Proper Swimwear is required. Children not yet potty trained must wear swim diapers.
-No Lifeguard On Duty – Swim at your own risk.
-Children Under 14 and Non-Swimmers must be supervised by a responsible adult at all times.

Key Card Policy
Each rental unit is issued one pool key card. Lost cards will incur a $500 replacement fee.

Pet fee: $100 per pet per stay

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jenny
Host User ID: 1548539
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1548539
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: UC Berkeley
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
87 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting