URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1689990882974822811
Latitude: 36.197
Longitude: -86.8277
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Heights by AvantStay. A brand-new bluffside condo where contemporary design meets easy access to Nashville's best neighborhoods — Germantown, Midtown, and the Gulch are all minutes across the river.

2 Bedrooms | 2 Bathrooms | 6 Guests

🛋️ Professionally designed interiors with curated finishes
🍳 Fully equipped modern kitchen + in-unit washer/dryer
🌆 Quiet bluffside setting, quick drive to Broadway & beyond

The space
Perched on a quiet bluff just west of the Cumberland, The Heights is a collection of brand-new condos designed for travelers who want the polish of a modern downtown stay without the noise of the strip. From your front door, Nashville opens up in every direction — Germantown, Midtown, the Gulch, and the buzz of Broadway are all roughly ten to fifteen minutes away by car, close enough to dip into the city's best dining, music, and nightlife on your terms.

This two-bedroom condo is built for travelers who want polish without compromise. Two bedrooms and two full bathrooms anchor the layout, sleeping up to six with the help of a sleeper sofa in the bright, open living area. Professionally designed interiors blend contemporary finishes with curated furnishings, and the fully equipped kitchen — stocked with modern appliances and everything you need for a low-key dinner in — makes settling in easy. An in-unit washer and dryer rounds out the practical comforts, perfect for longer stays or a quick refresh between adventures.

The bluffside setting earns its name. You're up and away from the bustle, with quiet streets, leafy views, and a quick straight shot across the river into the heart of the city. Catch a show at the Ryman, walk the murals of Germantown, grab a craft cocktail in the Gulch, or stroll the Bicentennial Capitol Mall — all within a short drive. Nashville International Airport is roughly twenty minutes east, making arrivals and departures painless. The Heights gives you a stylish, modern base camp and the city's full menu of experiences just over the river.

Looking for more space? The Heights condos are located steps from one another and can be rented together to accommodate larger groups.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There's a reason Nashville has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- The elevator is not available for guest use.
- This unit is located on the third floor, and there are 46 steps from the first floor to the unit. This property is not suitable for guests with mobility limitations.
- Please note that this unit requires guests to walk up multiple flights of stairs to access the unit.
- Noise is expected. This home is close to downtown Nashville, so street traffic and city sounds can be heard, especially in the evenings and on weekends. Sound machines and earplugs are provided for your comfort.

Parking Details:
- 2 cars are allowed per unit.
- Parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis in front of the building or to the right as you enter the complex.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2025034985

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting