URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/38603027
Latitude: 36.1583
Longitude: -86.8146
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Spacious 3BR/2.5 Bath.  Enjoy the best of both worlds: Walkable to the local cafes of OneCity, but just a quick 5-minute Uber to the legendary nightlife of Broadway.

700 sq ft rooftop deck for lounging
70inch Smart TV in main living room with 55 inch TVs in all bedrooms
Simple, worry-free 24 hour keyless access
Hosted by a local Airbnb Superhost with more than 500 5 star reviews

The space
Parking:

» FREE garage parking for 1 vehicle (attached to unit)
» FREE street parking available adjacent to the home

FIRST FLOOR (1 beds):

» Guestroom featuring a queen bed and ensuite bathroom
» 55" Smart TV

SECOND FLOOR:

» Large kitchen (fully equipped) with seating for 5 at the island and 4 at the dining table
» Spacious living room 
» 70" Smart TV

THIRD FLOOR (9 beds):

» Guestroom featuring a double over queen bunk and twin daybed with twin trundle
» Guestroom featuring king bed, ensuite bathroom, rooftop access and 55" Smart TV
» 4 twin inflatable air mattress kits (linens and pillows included)  to accommodate extra guests 

NOTABLE AMENITIES:

» FAST WIFI - enough bandwidth for your whole crew :)
» Coffee maker with complimentary coffee provided
» Free parking in attached garage
» Smart TV's in every room - sign into your own streaming apps
» Washer + Dryer available for use w/ complimentary detergent
» Silky & soft bedsheets on every bed
» Fresh towels, shampoo, body wash and hair dryer provided
» Spacious rooftop for entertaining
» Iron/ironing board

CLOSE AND CONVENIENT ACCESS TO:

- Bars on Broadway; Tootsies, Legends, The Stage, Acme, FGL House, Ole Red
- ONEC1TY Development; Pastaria, Avo, Sandbar, Sump Coffee (15 min walk)
- Blackstone Brewery (7 min walk)
- Music City Center 
- Music Row 
- Nissan Stadium / CMA FEST 
- Bridgestone Arena
- Five Points/East Nashville Neighborhood
- 12th South Neighborhood
- Germantown Neighborhood

Guest access
You will have access to the entire home. We will send you the access code by text and booking app messenger with the entry instructions on day of arrival. The host is available 24hrs if you have any questions or inquiries. Thanks!

Other things to note
Neighborhood Respect: Our home is nestled among friendly neighbors. We kindly ask you to respect the local community by observing outdoor quiet hours between 9 PM and 6 AM. Treat our neighborhood as you would your own for a harmonious experience.

Flexible Check-In/Out: Need an early check-in or late check-out? Let us know a day or two before your arrival/departure. We'll try our best to accommodate your request, when available, a $25/hour fee applies.

Security for Peace of Mind: Your safety is important. While our exterior security cameras and interior noise monitors are not actively monitored for guest safety, they help us maintain a secure and respectful environment in line with our rental policies.

Party and Event Policy: To ensure everyone's enjoyment, please note that parties and events are strictly not allowed, though we welcome Bachelorette and Bachelor groups. Any tampering with security equipment may affect your security deposit.

Local Guest Policy: To maintain the quality and security of our properties, we have a special policy for local guests residing within 60 miles of Nashville. If you're a local, please send us an inquiry or a request to book for pre-approval before making your reservation. This helps us ensure a great fit for both our guests and our properties. We appreciate your understanding and look forward to possibly hosting you!

Seamless Check-In: To ensure a fantastic experience for both you and us, we ask our guests to digitally sign a brief rental agreement after booking confirmation. This agreement simply verifies your identity and outlines our straightforward policies on check-in/out, noise, and more, ensuring your stay is enjoyable and hassle-free. We appreciate your cooperation and can't wait to host you!

Ready to Host You: We're excited to welcome travelers from around the world. Message us to start planning your perfect Nashville adventure!

Metro Nashville STR Permit #2019058393

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andrew & Rachel
Host User ID: 1445093
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1445093
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! We are Andrew & Rachel and we are the owners of a full service vacation rental and hospitality company based in Nashville, TN.  We look forward to the opportunity to host you in Nashville and share all that is Music City.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Middle Tennessee State University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
3453 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting