URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/29757144
Latitude: 36.13963
Longitude: -86.81211
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
🐉 READ ALL DETAILS before booking.
Spacious private suite in a fantastic location! Perfect for university and medical center visitors or tourists. The Dragon Suite offers an open living area, kitchenette, vibrant local art, and an award-winning garden. Walk to Vanderbilt, Belmont, West End, Midtown, and Hillsboro Village. Close to downtown. Ideal for 1–2 adults and up to 2 kids OR 3 adults (max 4 guests). Owners live on property. Quiet hours 10pm–7am; no pets or parties. Stairs required.

The space
NOTE: Owner-occupied property. Quiet hours 10pm–7am; no smoking, pets or parties. Stairs required.

🐉 No matter what brings you to Nashville, the Dragon Suite offers a peaceful, walkable retreat in a perfect location. Ideal for couples, small families, travel nurses, and visiting professionals, this private suite blends comfort, style, and the calm of a Japanese-inspired garden, helping you feel at home while exploring Music City.

🐉 Award-winning, Japanese-inspired dragon garden
This unique, tranquil space provides a peaceful and photogenic retreat from the city's hustle, perfect for morning coffee or evening relaxation.

🐉 Prime walkable location near Vanderbilt University
Save time and money on transportation while easily accessing the university, medical centers, and the shops and restaurants of Hillsboro Village on foot.

🐉 Artfully curated suite with flexible living spaces
The interior is thoughtfully designed with local art, a dedicated workspace, and a Murphy bed that converts to a dining area, maximizing comfort and function. With a private entrance, two separate sleeping areas, and a spacious bath and dressing area, the suite is designed for your comfort and privacy. 

🐉 Visiting Schools?
Whether you’re touring schools or moving a student into a dorm, we’re a quick walk or drive away:

Vanderbilt: 0.3 mile
Belmont: 1 mile
Fisk: 2.6 miles
TSU: 3 miles
Lipscomb: 3.5 miles
Nashville State CC: 3.5 miles
Trevecca Nazarene: 4.5 miles

🐉 For Medical Professionals & Travel Nurses
The Dragon Suite is an ideal home base for travel nurses, medical professionals, and families who need to stay near Nashville’s top hospitals. We’re located in a quiet, walkable neighborhood with easy access to:

🏥 Vanderbilt University Medical Center: under 1 mile (walkable)
🏥 Ascension St. Thomas Midtown: 1.6 miles
🏥 TriStar Centennial Medical Center: 1.4 miles
🏥 Ascension St. Thomas West: 2.3 miles
🏥 Nashville General Hospital: 2.7 miles

The Dragon Suite offers a restful retreat after long shifts. We’re honored to host those caring for our community and look forward to providing a peaceful space during your time in Nashville.

🐉 Music, Sports & Festivals
We’re near all of Nashville’s major venues, so you can relax before the big game or show:

❇️ Ryman Auditorium: 2.5 miles
❇️ Bridgestone Arena: 3 miles
❇️ Schermerhorn Symphony Center: 3 miles
❇️ Geodis Park: 3.5 miles
❇️ Ascend Amphitheater: 4 miles
❇️ Nissan Stadium: 4 miles
❇️ First Horizon Park: 4 miles

From CMA Fest to Bonnaroo and Americana Fest, make the Dragon Suite your home base during Nashville’s vibrant festival season.

🐉 Arts & Local Culture
The Dragon Suite features a variety of pieces curated from local artists. Explore murals in Hillsboro Village, catch an indie film at the Belcourt Theatre, or stroll the sculptures in Dragon Park, all within walking distance.

🐉 Parks & Outdoor Adventures
Walk to neighborhood gems like Dragon Park, Elmington Park, Love Circle, and Centennial Park. A short drive takes you to Radnor Lake, Cheekwood, the Warner Parks, and Greenway trails for hiking, paddling, and birdwatching.

✨ Welcome to the Dragon Suite — your peaceful, walkable home away from home in Nashville! ✨

STR Permit #2018061568

Guest access
🐉 The entire Dragon Suite is yours to enjoy during your stay! Guests have access to a private, fenced yard featuring a peaceful Japanese-inspired garden, and a one-of-a-kind dragon mosaic by talented local artists. Enjoy your morning coffee at your dedicated outdoor dining table on the suite’s deck.

🐉 A reserved off-street parking space is included for your convenience.

🐉 The Dragon Suite is an addition to our home with a separate entrance, ensuring your comfort and privacy. We live on-site and are available if you need us during your stay. You may see us tending the garden or walking through the yard, but your space remains completely private.

🐉 We care deeply about our guests’ experience and work hard to ensure you feel welcome, comfortable, and at ease while staying at the Dragon Suite. We look forward to hosting you!

Other things to note
We love our vibrant, in-town neighborhood! Please understand that with proximity to Vanderbilt University and Medical Center comes the possibility of noise from athletic events or emergency vehicles.

By booking the Dragon Suite, you agree to the following so we can provide a safe and comfortable experience for everyone:

🐉 The person booking must be one of the guests, and by Nashville law, renters must be 21+.
🐉 Smoking, vaping, and open flames (candles, lighters, matches) are not allowed.
🐉 No firearms.
🐉 We love animals, but the Dragon Suite is pet-free.
🐉 No parties or unregistered guests.
🐉 Children are welcome but must be supervised at all times anywhere on the property; the Dragon Suite is NOT childproof; do not leave children under 18 alone in the suite.
🐉 Entry is from the back of the property, and you will need to climb one set of exterior stairs.
🐉 If any issues arise during your stay, please let us know right away so we can address them promptly. While we can’t offer automatic refunds for unexpected issues (like HVAC or appliance problems), we will always do our best to resolve them quickly.

Thank you for helping us keep the Dragon Suite a safe, peaceful, and welcoming place for all our guests. We look forward to hosting you!

Registration Details
2018061568

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Aidan
Host User ID: 96578972
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/96578972
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm a Nashville native! There's a special reason I named our guest suite the "Dragon Suite." As a kid, I made one of the mosaics on the sea serpent sculptures in our neighborhood "Dragon Park." To me, the dragons represent all that is wonderful about local art, local parks, and our beautiful community :-). I love traveling and learning about other people, places, languages and cultures. I hope to host guests from all over the world at the Dragon Suite. Welcome to Nashville!
I'm obsessed with: dragons!
Speaks English and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
351 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting