URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1178448510542231600
Latitude: 36.1712
Longitude: -86.68
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Lodge! This specific 2 bedroom unit uses vintage charm and modern elegance to create a one of a kind experience paying homage to the building's roots of McDonald's restaurants. 

☆Groceries just across the street!
☆Access to Gym & Steam Room
☆Just miles from the Gaylord Convention Center, DT Nashville, Airport & Opryland! 
☆Self Check-in
☆EV Charger
★No pets allowed
★No parties allowed, occupancy strictly monitored 
★No smoking

The space
You will be welcomed by vintage McDonald's artwork throughout the unit. Upon entry, the full kitchen is striking with state of the art appliances and ample kitchen space to have a great meal from home. Right off the kitchen is a walk in laundry room with space to wash and fold clothing. The living area features a big comfy couch and smart TV to stream all your favorite shows an movies. Down the hall you will find out twin bunk room with two twin bunk beds and a work space. Directly next door is the walk in shower and bathroom! Further down the hall is the king bedroom and en-suite bathroom. There is a Kroger grocery store just across the street from the Lodge for any last minute groceries items or late night snacking needs that may come up! Have an electric vehicle? We have an exclusive EV charger just for you in our parking lot. Once settled, guests can explore the building's amenities, including a fitness center and steam room.

☆Plush King Bed: Drift asleep on the comfiest king bed with soft linen and a plush duvet. 
☆Twin Bunk Beds: For additional sleeping space, our twin bunk bed room creates ample sleeping space for all your friends!
☆Smart TV: Want a movie night in or to binge your favorite shows? The smart TV allows guests to access their streaming services featured on the TV. 
☆Luxury Bathrooms: The full bathrooms with walk in showers ensure a spa-like experience for everyone in your group.
☆In-unit laundry: Our premium washer & dryer is offered for our guests convenience! 
☆Work Space: if working from home when in Nashville, our guests are provided with a dedicated work space to ensure they have the space they need to do so.

Guest access
Guests will have access to their private unit, ample free outdoor parking on premises, and by request only, the building gym and steam room. To obtain access to the building gym and steam room, please review the house rules section and contact our team for directions and access!

Entry access will be via the door app, Latch. You will be required to download this app to gain entry to the building. 48 hours prior to check in, you will receive an email invite to the app. Further direction to access the property and your unit will be sent to you via text message the day before your arrival.

Other things to note
**IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR MORE SPACE OR DIFFERENT SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS, REACH OUT TO US AS WE HAVE MULTIPLE UNITS IN THE BUILDING!

**IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR MORE SPACE OR DIFFERENT SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS, REACH OUT TO US AS WE HAVE MULTIPLE UNITS IN THE BUILDING!

★Upon booking, guests will receive a text from our team with a rental agreement. The agreement is to acknowledge our house rules as well as provide your email address which allows us to invite you to the door app for check in!
★Entry access will be via the door app, Latch. You will be required to download this app to gain entry to the building. 48 hours prior to check in, you will receive an email invite to the app. Further direction to access the property and your unit will be sent to you via text message the day before your arrival.
★Rest assured, our team is around 24/7 for any emergency that may arise.
★ Review our additional rules for our mandatory Gym Liability acknowledgment.
★ NO PETS, parties or any smoking of any kind allowed. 
★NO SMOKING, the property is 100% smoke free. No smoking in the unit, building, or on any balcony. There is a $300 minimum fine for any evidence of smoking or smell mitigation required. 
★For tips on places to eat, things to do, & all things #Nashville find us on insta! @urbannashvacations. Ask us about our Linktree for awesome deals & partnerships we have!
★Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that an early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.

Registration Details
2024048352

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Lodge
Host User ID: 581566608
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/581566608
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are the Gray Family, proud owners of the McDonald's franchises here in Nashville. Living and working in this vibrant city ourselves, we are delighted to have you as our guest at The Lodge. 

Thank you for letting us host you! It's our pleasure to provide you with a clean and fun spot in the Donelson area of Nashville. Enjoy Music City and always reach out if you need anything!
Fun fact: We own and run the Mcdonalds next door!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1266 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting