URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1533256099524031093
Latitude: 36.14620075812265
Longitude: -86.81635488490984
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Settle into this light-filled West End condo, a relaxed home base near Vanderbilt and Centennial Park. Designed for travelers who want comfort and convenience, it pairs hotel-level cleanliness with in-unit laundry, private balcony, free parking, year-round pool, gym, and quick access to Midtown dining, Music Row studios, local hospitals, and Broadway (less than 8 minutes). Walk to legendary Springwater Supper club, the classic and delicious Bricktop's, or enjoy the on-site restaurant, Tito's.

The space
The Cozy Corners, is a modern condo is made for guests who want an easy, relaxed landing spot after a full Nashville day. The open living area features comfortable seating and a Smart TV—perfect for a movie night, catching up on work, or unwinding with takeout from West End favorites. The kitchen is well stocked for long stays and family meals, with generous counter space for snacks, coffee, and quick weeknight prep.

The primary bedroom is a calm place to recharge, while the second bedroom offers a cozy queen bed. In the living room, a queen sofa bed adds flexible sleeping space for kids, friends, or an extra guest. With two full bathrooms and in-unit laundry, it’s easy to keep everyone refreshed between clinic days, campus events, or nights out on Broadway. Step onto the private balcony for morning coffee or a nightcap with fresh city air.

This is an ideal home base for visits to Vanderbilt or Belmont, stays near Monroe Carell Jr. Children’s Hospital, competitions at the Sportsplex, Nashville Ballet drop-offs, or a trip that balances Broadway highlights with local spots. You’re also minutes from WeHo, 12 South, and The Nations—three fast-growing neighborhoods locals love. 

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements
QUEEN SOFA BED IN LIVING ROOM 
BEDROOM 1: 1 KING BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 2: 1 QUEEN BED WITH TV

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, and laundry and dishwasher pods. 

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

📍 About Odyssey at the Park
The Odyssey is a contemporary condo community within walking distance of Vanderbilt University and Medical Center, Centennial Park, and the Nashville Sportsplex. It offers spacious two-bedroom condos for short or extended stays, with full kitchens stocked with cooking essentials, comfortable furnishings, in-unit laundry, and private balconies. Guests also enjoy free parking, a fitness center, a year-round outdoor pool, and controlled-entry access—just steps from favorites like BrickTop’s, Tito’s, Walgreens, Starbucks, and legendary Springwater Supper Club, and typically less than 10 minutes to Broadway by car, with rideshares easy to find.

★★ Exclusive Guest Perks★★
As a guest, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Humminghost's partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Check-in is simple with smart locks. Before your arrival, we’ll send detailed instructions with your door codes, directions to the unit, and any access info for shared amenities or parking. Please review these notes ahead of time to ensure a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
★Parking at The Odyssey★ 
While GPS directions may route you to 31st Ave, the parking garage entrance is located behind the building on Avoca Street. After turning right onto Avoca St and driving up the street, you’ll find the parking entrance on the right-hand side. There are two garage entrances (upper and lower), and both are available for guest use. However, guests are encouraged to use the lower level of the parking garage, which offers 44 open spaces (including 5 handicap) on a first-come, first-served basis. The lower level also includes 23 reserved spaces marked with unit numbers—please do not park in any reserved spots that do not match your unit. If the lower level is full, you may use unreserved spaces on the upper level or available street parking on Long Blvd, 31st Ave N, and Avoca St. A map of the parking access can be found in the listing's photos.

★No Pets Policy★ 
The Odyssey is a strictly pet-free community. No pets are allowed in the unit or anywhere on the building premises. Evidence of pets may result in additional cleaning fees and potential HOA fines.

★Amenities & Building Facilities★
Guests have access to the building’s shared amenities and common areas. While we promptly notify the HOA or building management of any issues, we do not control the cleanliness, maintenance, repair, or availability of these shared spaces and cannot guarantee specific amenities will be available at all times.

★Smoke-Free Home & Community★
In accordance with building rules, smoking is not permitted inside the unit or any common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Supplies & Essentials★
We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.

★Families & Baby Gear★
Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play and baby gate (in homes with stairs) available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.

★Maintenance & Repairs★	
Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.
 
★Trash & Waste Disposal★ 
All trash must be bagged and securely tied before disposal. Guests in 3rd–5th floor units must use the trash chute on their floor. Guests in 1st–2nd floor units must take trash directly to the garage-level trash room and place bags inside the dumpsters provided. Please do not leave trash or recycling in hallways, outside doors, or on balconies.
 
★No Luggage Drop-off Allowed★
Feel free to park your car earlier than check-in time and have breakfast at Starbucks or lunch at Tito's, or you can use of the bounce luggage drop off locations in West End.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
My work: Humming Host’s CEO
I spend too much time: Working :)
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2658 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting