URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/905232373261210686
Latitude: 36.1307
Longitude: -86.7769
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Be close to everything in Nashville and stay in an Airbnb that's in the Top 1% of reviews! Only 1.8 miles to Downtown. Explore like a local from this pristine one-bdrm carriage house and walk to Publix, coffee and restaurants from our charming historic residential neighborhood. Generously stocked, ultra clean, soaring ceilings, 650 sq ft (not a studio), king bed, sofabed & outdoor seating. Free driveway parking. Near 12South, Vanderbilt, Geodis, Broadway, Belmont, Wedgewood Houston and more!

The space
Highlights:
Rated in the Top 1% of all Airbnb Homes
1.8 miles from Downtown
Standalone quiet Airbnb with tons of privacy
Cleanliness you'd expect from a boutique hotel
Dedicated host next door 
Charming Historic Neighborhood 
Walk to Publix, Coffee and a dozen Restaurants 
Airbnb is generously stocked
Luxe King Bedroom
New Upgraded Queen Sofa bed
Clean Linen Participant - every linen even the duvet cover is washed before each guest!

Be close to EVERYTHING in Nashville! This guesthouse is in a walkable Historic neighborhood and is only 1.8 miles from downtown! Our tree lined street has sidewalks and is full of families, young professionals and retirees. It's ideal for leisure walks and for checking out the assortment of restaurants and shops within a couple of blocks including a full size Publix supermarket. Only 1.8 miles south of Downtown Nashville and 1.4 miles to Geodis Park! One mile to 12 South! Near Vanderbilt, Belmont, Wedgewood Houston and Green Hills. 

Professionally cleaned to the highest standards before each guest. All linens even the duvet cover is laundered before each guest. This one bedroom guesthouse is the perfect peaceful retreat from which to enjoy Nashville. 

We love to stock our guesthouse with things you might need including drip coffee supplies, creamer, tea, olive oil for cooking, paper towels, hotel style soaps, laundry and dishwasher detergent, toilet paper, cooking spices, and a few snacks to enjoy upon arrival! 

*****
We are so grateful for all our amazing guests and thankful that you have rated us into the Top 1% of all Airbnb listings!!

"A perfect, private getaway with everything you could need"

 "Every inch of the home is clean and beautifully appointed"

"The most clean Airbnb I've ever stayed in. The location was perfect"
*****
More Details:
*True one bedroom (not a studio)
*Driveway parking next to your door
*Always Spotless Cleaning and All Linens even the duvet cover laundered before your stay
*Outdoor space with bistro set and string lights 
*Keyless entry and your own unique door code 
*Dog friendly and exceptionally clean (see house rules for details)
*Standalone building with no shared walls 
*No shared spaces with me or anyone. Tons of privacy.
*Fully Stocked Gourmet Kitchen
*Fender Guitar
*Washer & Dryer 
*58'' Roku TV
*New Memory Foam mattresses
*All New Furnishings
*High End White Linens
*Folding Laptop desk
*Host lives in a separate building next door and is available for anything you need during your stay!

Kitchen & Dining:
The fully stocked, gourmet kitchen offers granite countertops, stainless steel Kenmore appliances including oven, stovetop, microwave and refrigerator with freezer ice maker. We've included everything we can think of for you to have an amazing experience if you choose to stay in - high quality knives, pots, pans, blender and cooking utensils. 

Includes a huge walk in pantry with built in shelves - great for extra storage space. 

Living Room:
My favorite space - ultra high vaulted ceilings and strategically placed windows to invite maximum natural light and maintain privacy. 

Includes a 58" Roku TV, a Bluetooth speaker and a Fender Guitar to enjoy during your stay. 

Queen Sized Sofa bed with memory foam topper

Bedroom
This is a true one bedroom apartment with a door separating the bedroom from the living room. The serene bedroom has a new king size Article bed and a new memory foam mattress with hotel-quality pillows and beautiful white bedding. Our guests rave about our mattress and often ask me for the link to purchase one for their own homes! 

We clean all the bedding before each stay, including the mattress protector, duvet cover, blankets and of course all the towels and sheets! The nightstands feature lamps with USB to charge your devices and we have also provided an easy-to-use Sound Machine to ensure that you get a wonderful night's rest. There is also a ceiling fan, dresser, full length mirror, large closet and two luggage racks.

In the living room our Queen sized sofa bed is comfortable too with a brand new upgraded foam mattress! Technically, our permit allows up to 6 guests but we furnished the Airbnb with only two beds to sleep up to 4 comfortably. 

Amazing Hidden Gem Location:
Our Melrose Woodland-in-Waverly location is a hidden gem - our tree lined street has sidewalks and is full of families, young professionals and retirees. It's ideal for leisure walks and for checking out the assortment of restaurants and shops within a couple of blocks. It's also only 1.8 miles south of Downtown Nashville and 1.4 miles to Geodis Park! One mile to 12 South! Near Music Row, Belmont, Vandy, Green Hills, Wedgewood Houston and more.

We are two blocks to the ever popular Hattie B's Hot Chicken, a full size Publix Grocery Store and various shops including Gruhn Guitars, 8th and Roast, Love Peace & Pho, Urban Juicer, Smiling Elephant, an organic market and butcher shop and more. A short walk to First Watch, Ladybird Tacos, Cilantro Mexican Grill, Maple Street Biscuit Company, Zanies Comedy Club and more. Our neighborhood is filled with families, retirees, artists, hobby gardeners and is great for dog walking too!

Expand the distance to about one mile (you can take sidewalks the whole way-ask me how!) to shop 12 South's many shops and restaurants. We're also about a half mile from other fun restaurants in Melrose such as Sinema, Pancho & Lefty's Cantina, M.L Rose and Chick-fil-A.

There's quick and easy access to I-65, a bus stop that goes right downtown on route #8 one block away and it's a quick Uber ride or scooter ride 2 miles to downtown. 

Publix Super Market - 0.2 miles
Sinema - 0.7 miles
Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams - 1.0 miles
12 South - 1.0 miles
Wedgewood Houston - 1.0 miles
Belmont University - 1.3 miles
GEODIS Park - 1.4 miles
Music City Center - 1.8 miles
Country Music Fall of Fame - 2.1 miles
Tootsies Orchid Lounge - 2.3 miles
Broadway and 2nd Ave - 2.4 miles 
Bridgestone Arena - 2.3 miles
Ryman Auditorium - 2.3 miles
Nissan Stadium - 3.0 miles

Parking:
You'll have one driveway parking spot two steps from your door. Additional street parking is plentiful and only about 15 feet away.

Pet Policy:
Dog friendly with an additional, thorough deep clean after each pet guest to maintain our highest cleanliness standards. Please see our pet policy for more details.

STRP Permit #202three zero three 1579

Guest access
You'll have full use of this apartment and have your own private entrance. We have a few locked storage closets and one door to our garage that will be locked (on both sides) to restrict access to the garage.

Other things to note
Please note that the apartment is above our detached garage. It was thoughtfully constructed in 2018 with foam insulation and an extra quiet belt. So pros/cons: You'll have no other apartments sharing a wall or floor above, below or beside you and can listen to TV and music indoors as loud as you want without bothering anyone! You also get windows on all four walls for tons of natural light! The downside is you will hear the garage open and close a couple of times a day and you will probably hear our young kids playing outside in the daytime. A sound machine is provided in the bedroom for light sleepers.

Also this is extra important - guests MUST be very comfortable with stairs as there is a flight of stairs inside the door to walk up to the living area of the apartment.

We do have a Ring camera outside the front door to help us ensure a smooth check in experience. Upon request, we are happy to remove it during your stay!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Michelle
Host User ID: 332962561
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/332962561
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm a Nashville native and really did run into Taylor Swift - feel free to ask me where! 

I am a mom to two little kids and love pouring lots of care into our guesthouse. My goal as a host is to welcome you in a spotless, comfortable and luxurious space. In fact, I do a thorough quality check myself before each guest arrives! I also am available anytime during your stay to help with whatever you need to have a memorable visit to Nashville.
Where I went to school: Belmont University
My work: Parent w/ Young Kids
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
167 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting