URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1363065322504049184
Latitude: 36.201
Longitude: -86.7421
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your ultimate East Nashville getaway! This 2000+ sq ft home offers plenty of space for large groups, featuring 7 queen beds, a fully stocked kitchen, and a game room. 
Upstairs living room with ping pong table, foosball, and games
Fully equipped kitchen for meals and coffee
Spacious living areas 
Just a short drive from Broadway, Nissan Stadium, and downtown, with East Nashville’s popular restaurants, shops, and live music venues right around the corner.

The space
Property Overview:

This spacious 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom home offers 2100 square feet of comfortable living space, perfect for families, groups, or friends visiting Nashville. With 7 queen beds, a large bonus room for entertainment, and inviting outdoor patios, you'll have everything you need for a relaxing stay in East Nashville.

Sleeping Arrangements:

Bedroom 1: Queen bed with cozy bedding and plenty of closet space. Also, has a desk for a work station. 
Bedroom 2: Queen bed and closet space 
Bedroom 3: Three queen beds for extra sleeping space
Bonus Room: Two additional queen beds, ideal for larger groups
All beds feature high-quality linens to ensure a 
restful night’s sleep.

Living Spaces:

Kitchen: A spacious, fully stocked kitchen with modern appliances, ample counter space, and everything you need to prepare meals for your group.

Living Room: 

Comfortable seating, a Roku TV for streaming, and plenty of space to gather and relax.

Bonus Room: The ultimate entertainment space, featuring a ping pong table, foosball, classic games, and a Roku TV for movie nights.

Dining Area: A large table for shared meals, game nights, or planning your Nashville adventures.

Outdoor Spaces:

Front Patio: Perfect for morning coffee or winding down after a day in the city.
Back Patio: A private space for lounging, dining, or enjoying the fresh air.
For your safety and peace of mind, the property is equipped with exterior security cameras monitoring the outdoor areas. These are in place for security purposes only and do not record any private or indoor spaces.

Guest access
The house is easy to find, with a gravel parking lot located right in front of the home for your convenience. Street parking is also available, but please be mindful of where you park to ensure traffic can easily pass.

This property is part of an HPR (Horizontal Property Regime), meaning the lot has been split, and there is another house located behind this one. The driveway is shared, so if you choose to park there temporarily for loading or unloading, please be sure to move your vehicle afterward to avoid blocking the neighbor's access.

Thank you for being considerate of the parking situation and helping keep things smooth for everyone!

Other things to note
Special Details About the Area:

Located in vibrant East Nashville, this home offers the perfect blend of comfort and convenience. You’ll be just minutes from some of the city's most popular restaurants, coffee shops, music venues, and entertainment spots. Whether you're a foodie, coffee lover, or just exploring the city, East Nashville has something for everyone.

🍽️ Nearby Restaurants:

The Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden – 
Iconic burgers and a great beer selection.

Butcher & Bee – Modern American with Mediterranean influences.

Mas Tacos Por Favor – A must-visit for incredible tacos.

Lockeland Table – Cozy Southern cuisine in a neighborhood setting.

Pelican & Pig – Creative wood-fired dishes.

Noko – Unique wood-fired izakaya experience.

Red Headed Stranger – Tex-Mex-inspired tacos and cocktails.

Folk – Modern Italian with fresh ingredients.

Audrey – Refined Southern Appalachian-inspired dishes.

Fat Belly Pretzel – Delicious soft pretzels and sandwiches.

East Side Banh Mi – Vietnamese sandwiches packed with flavor. 

Hawkers – Vibrant Asian street food with bold flavors.

S S Gai – A must-visit for crispy, flavorful chicken dishes.

Kisser – Japanese comfort food in a cozy setting.

Mitchell's Deli – A Nashville staple for gourmet sandwiches.

5 Points Pizza – Some of the best New York-style pizza in the city.

Lady Bird Taco – Fresh, flavorful breakfast and lunch tacos.

Grillshack Fries & Burgers – Classic burgers and crispy fries done right.

🎶 Local Music Spots:

The Basement East – Popular, unassuming venue for live music (917 Woodland St).

The 5 Spot – Chill hangout for live music and drinks (1006 Forest Ave).

The East Room – Informal venue for live music and theater (2412 Gallatin Ave).

☕ Coffee Shops & Cafés:

Osa Coffee – A cozy, laid-back spot serving expertly brewed coffee.

CREMA – Specialty coffee with excellent brews.

Barista Parlor – Hip vibe and high-quality coffee.

Cafe Roze – Stylish café serving fresh, delicious bites.

🍻 Breweries & Bars:

Smith and Lentz Brewing – Craft lagers and IPAs.

Pearl Diver – Tropical-themed cocktails in a fun setting.

The Fox Bar & Cocktail Club – Cozy, speakeasy-style bar.

Tiger Bar – Trendy spot for creative cocktails.

Chopper – A tiki bar with fun, tropical drinks and a laid-back vibe.

Rosemary & Beauty Queen – Stylish and lively bar with inventive cocktails.

Urban Cowboy Public House – Rustic-chic bar with craft drinks and great ambiance.

Attaboy – Award-winning bar known for custom cocktails.

🎸 Cool Things to Do Nearby:

Ryman Auditorium – Historic music venue and must-see attraction.

Broadway Honky Tonks – Legendary live music and nightlife.

Nissan Stadium – Home of the Tennessee Titans and major events.

Johnny Cash Museum – A tribute to the "Man in Black."

Whether you're here for the music, food, or local charm, East Nashville offers an unforgettable experience just steps from your door.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Adam
Host User ID: 78356744
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/78356744
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Im Adam, owner of ---Acorn Property Management--- , a 5th-generation Nashville native dedicated to creating unforgettable stays. Since 2017, I’ve managed properties with a local touch, ensuring guests enjoy the best of Nashville. Whether you're here to stay or seeking a reliable co-host, Acorn provides top-notch service, quick responses, and attention to detail. Let us make your Nashville visit or hosting experience seamless and special!
My work: Acorn Property
Speaks English, Spanish, and Italian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
622 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting