URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1472560928138452503
Latitude: 36.1534
Longitude: -86.77
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Let the quiet calm of the modern West guide your stay at High Noon Haze, a 1,039 sq ft hideaway in the heart of SoBro. Designed with a grounded, layered aesthetic, this two-bedroom, two-bath apartment blends rustic wood, desert hues, and bold art to create a moody, reflective retreat. From the Crosley record player in the living room to the pendant-lit bedrooms and soft Southwestern touches throughout, this space offers a peaceful contrast to the buzz of Broadway—just a short walk away.

The space
At 1,039 SF, this two-bedroom, two-bath apartment offers a generous layout designed for comfort and ease. Both bedrooms feature king-size beds and ensuite bathrooms, giving everyone their own space to relax and recharge. The living area includes a queen Serta sleeper sofa and lounge seating, while the spacious kitchen features an island with barstools for easy dining or casual conversation. In-unit laundry adds everyday convenience, making it simple to settle in and stay awhile.

Guest access
You’ll have access to the entire apartment, including the in-unit washer/dryer and stocked kitchen.

Other things to note
LC SoBro is more than a place to stay — it’s a place to live well. As our guest, you’ll have access to incredible onsite amenities including:

🐐 The Goat – Our onsite restaurant and bar with great food, weekday happy hour specials, and noteworthy events.

☕ Morning Ritual – Specialty coffee and fresh pastries served daily, just steps from your door.

💪 Code Wellness – A two-story fitness studio equipped with everything you need for a great workout, whether you're lifting heavy or getting in a solid cardio session.

☀️  Rooftop Pool – Cool off or soak up the sun in our outdoor dipping pool, located just around the corner in our sister building.

🌿 Outdoor Courtyards – Relax in open-air lounge spaces with fire pits, grills, string lights, and plenty of seating.

🏠 This apartment is part of a traditional residential community. Please be respectful of full-time residents.

🚭 No smoking, vaping, or drug use on the premises — a minimum $500 fine applies.

🎉 No parties. Authorized guests only.

☑️ The amenity spaces are open and access is provided to all full time residents and our registered guests. It’s worth noting that hours are controlled by the building and although very rare, the building sometimes closes amenities for maintenance and cleaning. This is unlikely but we like to be up front as we cannot issue refunds if the building closes the pool or other amenity spaces during your stay.

🅿️ Parking
Parking is not included with the listing. The closest parking lot is 705 3rd Ave S, at the corner of 3rd and Elm and just across the street from our community complex. Rates are controlled by the parking authority, averaging $25 for overnight parking, but sometimes fluctuate based on downtown event demand. Parking fees are paid via QR code in the parking lot.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: L C
Host User ID: 687407481
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/687407481
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey Y'all! We're LC and the voice behind LC SoBro GuestHouse - a collection of short term rentals inspired by the rhythm and charm of Nashville. We're proud to offer clean, comfortable stays in the heart of SoBro, each with a little local soul. Whether you're in Music City to hit the stage, sip your way down Broadway, or steal a little stillness between adventures, we're glad to host you!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
1130 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting