URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1674269499012662432
Latitude: 36.15326
Longitude: -86.75381
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Cosmic Cowboy by AvantStay. This bold 2-bedroom Nashville condo sleeps 8 and pairs moody, space-inspired design with easy access to Downtown and Broadway. Spend your days exploring local coffee shops and breweries, then return for movie nights, balcony hangs, and a stay that feels anything but ordinary.

🌙 Futuristic design with neon accents
🎸 Minutes to Downtown Nashville + Broadway
🍳 Full kitchen, private balcony + washer/dryer

The space
Bold, moody, and built for guests who want their Nashville stay to feel anything but ordinary, Cosmic Cowboy is a 2-bedroom design-forward retreat where futuristic style meets the city’s creative edge. Dark interiors, neon accents, and space-inspired details give the home a memorable look, while comfortable furnishings and practical amenities keep the stay easy.

Set just minutes from Downtown Nashville, Cosmic Cowboy keeps Broadway’s live music, honky-tonks, restaurants, and nightlife within quick reach without placing you directly in the middle of the crowds. Between nights out, you’ll also be close to local coffee shops, breweries, creative spaces, and neighborhood favorites that show off a more laid-back side of the city.

Inside, the home is designed for both gathering and downtime. The full kitchen is stocked with the essentials for easy meals, snacks, and pre-night-out bites, while the main living area offers a comfortable place to unwind with a large TV and sleeper sofa. Step onto the private balcony for a little fresh air before heading back out to explore, or ease into a slower morning after a late night downtown.

Sleeping arrangements are set up for groups of up to eight. The primary bedroom features a queen bed and private ensuite bathroom with a walk-in shower. The second bedroom includes a queen-over-queen bunk bed, making it a flexible option for friends or family traveling together. A bonus living space with a twin bed adds extra sleeping room, while a second full bathroom with a shower/tub combo keeps the layout convenient for groups.

An in-unit washer and dryer add ease for longer stays, festival weekends, and extended Nashville trips.

Whether you’re here for live music, a friends’ getaway, a creative city escape, or a weekend on Broadway, Cosmic Cowboy delivers the style, location, and comfort to make your Nashville stay stand out.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more.

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note that a pack'and'play and high-chair are available upon request.

Parking Details
- Please make sure you park only in the designated property parking locations. If your home offers street parking, please make sure you read all posted signage.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

Registration Details
2024085455

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6912 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting