URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1485092083396460813
Latitude: 36.1972
Longitude: -86.8274
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the comfort of this cozy 4BR/4BA Nash townhouse, thoughtfully designed for relaxation, entertainment, and convenience. Perfect for families, groups, business travelers, digital nomads, and the likes, it features a fully equipped kitchen, spacious bedrooms w/ smart TVs, WiFi, and a cozy workspace. Unwind on the rooftop with cozy fireplace & breathtaking city views. Just mins from downtown, Broadway, Germantown, and Music Row, make your stay filled with comfort, charm, and local flavor!

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.  

ACCESS TYPE: 
▻ Guests will have access to the entire spacious townhouse.

ENTRANCE:
▻ Access through the front door using a door code.

PROPERTY LAYOUT:
Floor 1:
▻ Bedroom 1: Full bed, smart TV, closet, attached bathroom, thermostat
▻ Bathroom 1: Toilet, shower, bathtub

Floor 2:
▻ Living Room: Smart TV, board games, desk area
▻ Bedroom 2: King bed, smart TV, closet, thermostat
▻ Bathroom 2: Toilet, shower
▻ Kitchen: Stove, oven, microwave, fridge, freezer, garbage disposal, Keurig coffee maker, drip coffee

Floor 3:
▻ Living Room: Thermostat, desk area, washer, dryer, sofa bed
▻ Bedroom 3: King bed, smart TV, closet, attached bathroom
▻ Bedroom 4: King bed, smart TV, closet, attached bathroom and private en-suite bathroom, thermostat
▻ Bathroom 3: Toilet, shower, bathtub
▻ Bathroom 4: Toilet, shower, dual vanity

Floor 4:
▻ Living Room: Fireplace, board games

HIGHLIGHTS: 
▻ Rooftop leisure with fireplace, board games, cornhole, and scenic views.
▻ Each bedroom features a king-sized bed, smart TV, and attached bathrooms.
▻ Modern, fully-equipped kitchen with state-of-the-art appliances.
▻ Convenient access to downtown Nashville attractions.
▻ Work-friendly, family and group-friendly, FUN-friendly!

ACCESSIBILITY: 
▻ Four floors with living spaces distributed among them. Each level is accessible via stairs, with living, dining, and entertainment spaces thoughtfully arranged to maximize comfort and style.

Guest access
PARKING:
▻ The property offers a 2-car garage on the 1st floor, along with first-come, first-serve street parking.

ENTERING THE HOME:
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In Using a Smart Lock with a Unique Code Per Guest.

Other things to note
HOUSE RULES:

(Designed for a clean, comfortable, and respectful stay)

We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained. As this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property, minor signs of age may be present. If anything needs attention during your stay, please let us know and we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit.

Respect the Home
- Please treat the home as you would your own.
- The home is equipped with essential electronics that support operations. Please do not unplug any connected devices.
- Guests are responsible for any damages or loss and should report them immediately so we can resolve matters quickly.

Respect the Neighbors
- No parties or events.
- Quiet hours are observed between 10:00 PM and 8:00 AM.
- Please keep noise and activity neighbor-friendly at all times.
- Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

Health & Cleanliness
- No smoking inside the home or on the property.
- Pets are not permitted. Undisclosed pets may result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.

Check-In & Check-Out
- Early check-in: We’ll do our best to accommodate when possible. Same-day requests depend on our cleaning schedule. To guarantee early check-in, booking the prior night (if available) is recommended.
- Late check-out: Requests must be made by the day before departure.. To guarantee a late check-out, booking the following night is recommended. Unapproved late check-outs may incur additional charges, and departures at 12:00 PM or later may be considered an extra night’s stay.

ADDITIONAL POLICIES:
- Luggage drop may be available with prior host approval.
- Forgot something? We can mail items back upon request for a handling and shipping fee.
- Cancellation: To receive a full refund, cancellations must be made within 24 hours before check-in. Cancellations after this window will be charged according to the number of nights stayed.

Construction Notice
- Please note that this home is located in a brand-new development. While the home itself is fully completed, nearby homes may still be under construction, and guests may experience daytime construction noise or activity.

Safety & Security
- EXTERIOR security cameras are installed above the front doors, overlooking the hallway leading to the entrance.

By booking this property, you agree to follow the house rules and policies outlined above. Significant violations, unreported damages, or failure to comply with house rules may result in additional charges in accordance with Airbnb’s policies.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1658 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting