Skip to content
Homes
Homes
Experiences
Experiences
Services
Services
Start your search
Location
Anywhere
Check in / Check out
Anytime
Guests
Add guests
Become a host
FREE parking, clean cozy stay, 15 min to downtown!
Share
Save
Show all photos
Photos
Amenities
Reviews
Location
Entire guest suite in Nashville, Tennessee, United States
4 guests · 2 bedrooms · 2 beds · 1 bath
Guest
favorite
One of the most loved homes on Airbnb, according to guests
Rated 4.96 out of 5 stars.
4.96
129 reviews
129
Reviews
Hosted by Matt
Superhost · 3 years hosting
Listing highlights
In Charlotte Park, near the freeway
Easy freeway access puts downtown Broadway about 15 minutes away by car.
Renovated mid-century suite
An 800 sq ft renovated suite with a full kitchen, in-unit washer and dryer, and free driveway parking.
Matt goes above and beyond
Guests consistently praise Matt's responsiveness and the thoughtful touches throughout the space.
FREE on-site parking and a clean, comfortable stay await your arrival at the Boho West, along with a private entrance in the safe, family-friendly neighborhood of Charlotte Park. Just 2 minutes from the freeway, you will have easy access to top attractions, including downtown Nashville, allowing you to explore & relax at your cozy boho retreat.

After a seamless self-check in, you'll find a private unit with a full kitchen, fast WIFI w/dedicated work space, and a stocked coffee/tea station.

The space
With over a decade of experience as locals to the area we are more than happy to help provide recommendations. Send us a message and we'll help make your Nashville stay a memorable one!

ESSENTIALS WITH TIME & DISTANCE FROM AIRBNB

✈️ Airport: 20 mins (17 mi)
🎸 Downtown Broadway: 15 mins (10 mi)
🛒 Publix Grocery: 2 mins (0.2 mi)
🛍️ West Nashville Shopping Center: 4 mins (1 mi)
🏥 Ascension Saint Thomas Hospital: 8 mins (3.5mi)

When you book your stay here with us at the Boho West, these are some of the highlights and perks you can look forward to!

LIVING ROOM
★ Central air with COLD AC and heat in winter
★ Large 88” Italian Leather Sofa w/coffee table 
★ Large 55” LG 4K smart TV 
★ Xbox one S with 2 controllers and a mic/headset
★ DVD player with plenty of movies to watch
★ Comfortable Leather Sitting Chair
★ Large comfy throw blankets to stay cozy
★ Large entryway mirror 
★ Large entryway coat hooks

THE KITCHEN
★ Filtered water pitcher
★ Full sized refrigerator and freezer
★ Electric Range & oven
★ Dishwasher & dishwashing liquid
★ Microwave 
★ Toaster oven
★ 2 slot stainless steel toaster
★ Full set of stainless steel pots and pans
★ Cooking utensils, dish-ware, and tin foil
★ Measuring utensils for cooking or baking
★ Set of 2 large flat baking sheet pans
★ Set of 3 stainless steel mixing bowls
★ Colander for straining liquids from food prep
★ Cast iron skillet 
★ Salt, pepper, olive oil and red wine vinegar.
★ Fully stocked coffee station with regular & decaf
★ Fully stocked herbal & caffeinated tea station
★ Keurig coffee setup with regular & decaf k-cups
★ Pour over coffee setup with filters
★ Drip coffee maker 
★ Electric kettle for boiling water
★ Hot coco packets
★ Glassware for wine/drinks
★ Mugs for coffee or tea 
★ Children’s high chair 
★ First Aid Kit
★ Fire extinguisher 

BEDROOMS
★ Queen size beds with memory foam mattress
★ Clean linens and bedding w/extra blankets
★ Pillows 4 per bedroom
★ Power strips next to beds in each bedroom
★ Closet space w/wooden hangers
★ Couples luxury bath robes available upon request
★ Luggage fold out racks in each bedroom
★ Large full length mirrors in each bedroom
★ Bedside lamps in each bedroom
★ White noise machines so you can sleep peacefully 
★ Ceiling fans to keep you cool in summer
★ A 6 drawer dresser so you can store clothes 
★ An adjustable office chair/desk for remote work
★ Babybjorn Travel Crib 
★ Night lights
★ BowFlex SelectTech 552 adjustable dumbbells
★ An adjustable incline workout bench 
★ Yoga workout mat
★ Foam roller for muscle recovery
★ Iron and ironing board 
★ Digital thermostat space heater
★ Electrical strip & outlets

BATHROOM
★ Strong water pressure
★ Ginger Lily Farms shampoo, conditioner & soap
★ Makeup remover cloths
★ Body, hand towels and wash cloths
★ Shower/tub combination with anti slip bath mat
★ Tub caddy tray 
★ Hairdryer
★ Anti-micro bacterial hand soap

LAUNDRY ROOM
★ Unscented laundry detergent wash sheets
★ Wool dryer balls
★ Cleaning supplies
★ Clothes drying rack 
★ Large umbrella

OUTDOORS
★ Comfortable parking for 2 cars in driveway.
★ Additional street parking available
★ Safe & walkable neighborhood 
★ Private back deck with small table & chair set
★ Propane grill on back deck available upon request
★ Fire pit on back deck available upon request

When you book at the Boho West you will be staying in a recently renovated 800 sq. ft. mid century modern ranch-style duplex. The space/stay provides a comfortable stay for 4 people and consists of two bedrooms and one full size bathroom in addition to the common areas like the kitchen and living room. 

Looking to have more than 4 people at the house at any point? Message us so we can best assist you for a comfortable stay and experience!

This property is designed for mature guests and is best suited for travelers 25+ or those traveling with a responsible primary guest meeting that requirement.

If YOU'RE LOOKING FOR THINGS TO DO...

📍5th and Broadway is the downtown place to start for many people when they plan their time in Nashville, with access to fine dining as well as some retail shopping and is a great segue into the lower Broadway honky tonks, which house some of the best live country music in the country. 

📍The West Nashville shopping center is right around the corner from the house and is a retail complex with major department stores & specialty retailers, plus casual eateries and a park.

📍Charlotte Park is nearby and a place to throw the frisbee or football. Either a 4 min car ride or a 30 min walk. 

📍The L&L Market located in neighboring Sylvan Park is another shopping space with boutique shops and places to eat/drink that is worth checking out. 

📍The Nations, primarily in and around 51st Avenue N, has places to grab food and walk around.

📍The Mall at Green Hills is only 15 mins from the house and provides luxury shopping at places like Restoration Hardware, Louis Vuitton, and Crate&Barrel with many dining options to choose from as well. 

🍽️ Restaurants: Maru Nations, 51st Deli, Wendell Smith’s Restaurant, Bringles Smoking Oasis, Hattie B’s Hot Chicken, M.L. Rose Neighborhood Pub, Five Points Pizza, Nicky's Coal Fired, Midnight Oil, Coco's Italian Market & Restaurant, Outback Steakhouse, Black Dynasty Secret Ramen House, Daddy’s Dogs, Tequilas Mexican Restaurant, SOUL, Buffalo Wild Wings and more. 

☕️ Coffee: 8th & Roast, Barista Parlor, Frothy Monkey, Land Of A Thousand Hills, Starbucks, Ramblin' Joes, Stay Golden, Headquarters and Honest Coffee Roasters.

🍻 Breweries: Living Waters Brewing, Tailgate Brewery, Southern Grist, Fat Bottom Brewing Co. and Bassline Brewing Co.

🛶 Floating the Harpeth River via canoes, kayaks, or tubes is a fun summertime option with rental options from different companies located west of the Airbnb roughly 20 mins (15 mi) away. Shoot us a message and we can give you the inside scoop on all the details for summer fun!

Guest access
When you arrive you will have access to the entirety of unit B (right side) during your stay. The unit next door is attached to the same structure, but is a separate unit and there is no access between the two units. Your host and owner of the property lives next door for quick access should any needs arise. You will have a private entrance during your stay.

Other things to note
Cleaning Approach
The home is thoroughly cleaned between each stay using natural, non-toxic cleaning products rather than harsh chemical cleaners. Because of this, the space will not have a strong bleach or artificial “cleaning” scent, but it is carefully cleaned and prepared for every guest.

Location & City Noise
The home is located near a freeway, so like many urban locations you may hear occasional traffic or city sounds. Most guests find this to be typical background noise, but we like to be transparent so there are no surprises when booking. For added comfort, sound machines are provided in the bedrooms and earplugs are available upon request.

Neighborhood & Environmental Factors
Our home is located in a real neighborhood and guests may notice normal environmental elements such as nearby traffic, neighboring homes, changing weather conditions, and the occasional insect common to the region. While we do everything we can to provide a clean and comfortable stay, these factors are outside of our control and part of the natural environment.

Registration Details
2024032905
Show more
Where you’ll sleep
Bedroom 1
1 queen bed, 1 crib
Bedroom 2
1 queen bed
What this place offers
Kitchen
Fast wifi – 489 Mbps
Dedicated workspace
Free driveway parking on premises – 2 spaces
55 inch HDTV with DVD player, Amazon Prime Video
Free washer – In unit
Free dryer – In unit
Central air conditioning
Bathtub
Exterior security cameras on property
Show all 70 amenities
Accessibility features
This info was provided by the Host and reviewed by Airbnb.
Guest entrance and parking
Guest entrance wider than 32 inches
Show all 1 feature
Select check-in date
Add your travel dates for exact pricing
Clear dates
Add dates for prices
Add dates for prices
CHECK-IN
Add date
CHECKOUT
Add date
GUESTS
1 guest
Check availability
Report this listing
Rated 4.96 out of 5 from 129 reviews.
4.96
Guest favorite
This home is a guest favorite based on ratings, reviews, and reliability
How reviews work
How reviews work
Overall rating
5 stars, 96% of reviews
5
4 stars, 4% of reviews
4
3 stars, 0% of reviews
3
2 stars, 0% of reviews
2
1 stars, 0% of reviews
1
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for cleanliness
Cleanliness
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for accuracy
Accuracy
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for check-in
Check-in
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for communication
Communication
5.0
Rated 4.8 out of 5 stars for location
Location
4.8
Rated 4.9 out of 5 stars for value
Value
4.9
Guest reviews mention
Hospitality
67
Comfort
32
Cleanliness
53
Decor
17
Location
41
Sleep quality
12
Nearby
15
Check-in
9
Accuracy
13
Quiet
6
Stephanie
United States
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
5 days ago
,
·
Stayed a few nights
Boho West is a perfect home base for Nashville as it is easy to hop on the highway & quickly access any part of town. The house itself is an oasis of tranquility with some of the most comfortable beds we have ever slept on. Thoughtfully furnished with everything you need, Matt goes above & beyond to ensure you have a good stay, providing helpful recommendations if you are new to the city. It was easy to find and easy to check in too. Thank you for a great stay!
Show more
Ieshia
Waterloo, Iowa
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
1 week ago
,
·
Stayed a few nights
Great location and beautiful space! Lots of restaurants and amenities near by. Matt was very responsive and helpful. I would stay here again.
Show more
Sara
Tarrytown, New York
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
2 weeks ago
,
·
Stayed a few nights
We really enjoyed our stay at Matt’s house. It was the perfect location for us to use as a homebase while in Nashville for a few days. The beds were very comfortable. The shower pressure was excellent and we had everything we needed to relax and prepare meals.
Show more
Kaylee
Fort Worth, Texas
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
August 2026
,
·
Stayed one night
This place is exactly as in photos and as described. Super cute and comfortable stay. Instructions clear and simple. Matt was very responsive and checked in a couple of times just to make sure everything was going well. Firm beds. Loved lighting. Close to highway. No issues whatsoever and will for sure be back when we’re back in Nashville.
Show more
Lee Ann
Destin, Florida
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
August 2026
,
·
Stayed a few nights
We had a great stay! The place was really cute, cozy, and in a great location close to everything we needed. It had everything we needed for a comfortable stay and was clean and welcoming. The only downside was that the beds were pretty hard and not the most comfortable. Other than that, we really enjoyed our stay and would recommend it!
Show more
Natalia
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
3 weeks ago
,
·
Stayed a few nights
It was great!!! The decor and how clean everything is a major plus to the experience. It lets you relax and have an even better time. Matt was awesome!
Show more
Show all 129 reviews
Where you’ll be
West Nashville, Nashville
Converted warehouses, craft breweries, and rolling hills shape this laid-back district, with music spots, casual eats, and leafy streets.
From the host
PLACES FOR FOOD/DRINKS
- Maru Nations, Pho T&N, Wendell Smith’s Restaurant, Bringles Smoking Oasis, Hattie B’s Hot Chicken, Outback Steakhouse, Black Dynasty Secret Ramen House, Headquarters Coffee, Daddy’s Dogs, Tailgate Brewery, Tequilas Mexican Restaurant, Buffalo Wild Wings and more.

THINGS TO DO
- The West Nashville shopping center is right around the corner and is a retail complex with major department stores & specialty retailers, plus casual eateries and a park.

- Charlotte Park is nearby and a place to throw the frisbee or football. Either a 4 min car ride or a 30 min walk.

- The L&L Market located in neighboring Sylvan Park is another shopping space with boutique shops and places to eat/drink that is worth checking out.

- The Nations, primarily in and around 51st Avenue N, has places to grab food and walk around.

- Floating the Harpeth River via canoes/kayaks is a fun summertime option with rental options from different companies located west of the property roughly 20 mins (15 mi) away.
Show more
Meet your host
Superhost
129 reviews
129
Reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
4.96
Rating
3 years of hosting
3
Years hosting
Born in the 80s
My work: Music Artist Manager
I'm originally from northern Minnesota, but I've been in Nashville for over 15 years now. I've spent much of my time on the road touring with different music artists since locating there. I love music and working hard and semi-recently began hosting my very own airbnb, which has been rewarding and challenging all at the same time. As one who travels often themselves I strive to provide a pleasant, cozy and comfortable experience for your stay!
Matt is a Superhost
Superhosts are experienced, highly rated hosts who are committed to providing great stays for guests.
Host details
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Message host
To help protect your payment, always use Airbnb to send money and communicate with hosts.
Things to know
Cancellation policy
Add your trip dates to get the cancellation details for this stay.
Add dates
House rules
Check-in after 3:00 PM
Checkout before 11:00 AM
4 guests maximum
Learn more
Safety & property
Exterior security cameras on property
Carbon monoxide alarm
Smoke alarm
Learn more