URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1399303325465931793
Latitude: 36.1513
Longitude: -86.778
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our unique 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom retreat in the heart of Nashville, where western charm meets modern comfort. Nestled in a prime location, our condo offers a distinctive cowboy-themed decor, making it a standout choice for an authentic Music City experience. Dive into the vibrant local scene, with Nashville’s renowned music venues, restaurants, and boutiques just a short ride away.

The space
Your Nashville Home Away From Home
This stylish condo blends comfort, charm, and convenience for an unforgettable stay.

Living Area & Kitchen
The open-concept living space features cowboy-inspired artwork, cozy furnishings, and a smart TV for relaxing nights in. The modern kitchen comes fully equipped with everything you need to cook and gather with ease.

Bedrooms & Bathrooms
The first-floor primary suite offers a king bed, en-suite bath, and walk-in closet for ultimate comfort. Upstairs, a second bedroom with a king-over-king bunk and private bath provides flexibility for families, couples, or groups of friends.

Private Patio
Enjoy your morning coffee or evening drink on the private patio, complete with serene Nashville views.

Why You’ll Love It
With western-inspired style, modern amenities, and a prime location near Nashville’s music, dining, and culture, this condo is the perfect base for your stay—whether you’re here for a getaway, work, or play.

Guest access
Hyve Building Accommodations & Entertainment:
As a guest at Hyve, you'll have exclusive access to a range of building amenities designed to elevate your stay. Dive into the refreshing building-exclusive pool on a hot summer day, stay on top of your fitness routine in the state-of-the-art gym, or gather with friends and family for a delicious BBQ using the building's community grills. Challenge your companions to a friendly game of outdoor ping pong, unwind in the inviting lounge areas around the firpit on cooler winter nights, or take your experience to new heights at the rooftop escapes offering panoramic views of the city.

Please Note: The pool is open seasonally typically between the early spring months - the end of October from 10AM to 10PM at the discretion of the HOA.

Luggage Holding Service: 
There is a complimentary service to hold your luggage for a designated period. **Subject to Availability** 

The luggage holding service is available Thursday to Sunday, 10:00 AM to 4:00 PM. Oversized luggage exceeding 50 lbs. will not be accepted.

Parking:
Paid parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis in the covered parking garage on the premises. The garage is operated by Metropolis and parking rates are subject to change. Guests are responsible for all parking fees. If no garage spaces are available upon arrival, or if you have additional vehicles, ample first-come, first-served street parking is also available.

Other things to note
*Please note this unit is located on the 6th floor of the building; however, an elevator is available onsite.
**The building is adjacent to railroad tracks, and you may experience noise from passing trains during your stay.
***Download the Door App to access all building doors (Lobby, Elevator, Gym, Pool and Condo Unit) 
****Our property is set in the heart of downtown Nashville, surrounded by the energy that make the city so unique. As with many downtown locations, you may hear music, traffic, or construction, and you might encounter displaced individuals from a nearby shelter. Many guests enjoy the vibrant atmosphere, though we understand every traveler has different preferences. For peace of mind, Hyve offers a secure building with professional on-site security.

LOCATION:
- Walking Distance -
1 min: The Blue Room
1 min: Third Man Records
1 min: Bad Axe Throwing
3 mins: Pie Town Tacos
4 mins: Tennessee Brew Works
4 mins: Photowalk Nashville
5 mins: 6th & Peabody - Brewery & Old Smokey Distillery
5 mins: Two Hands - Cafe
6 mins: Ole Smoky Distillery
7 mins: Peg Leg Porker
7 min: HearThisNashville Mural
8 mins: SOBRO
8 mins: Music City Center
8 min: Party Fowl - Restaurant
8 min: Marble Fox Brewing Company
11 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
12 mins: Broadway
13 mins: STK Steakhouse

- Driving Distance -
3 mins: TailGate Brewery Music Row
3 mins: Kayne Prime Steakhouse
3 mins: Saint Anejo - Mexican Restaurant
3 mins: Fat Bottom Brewery
3 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Event Venue - Nashville Predators
3 mins: Nashville Yards - Amazon HQ2
4 mins: Ryman Auditorium
4 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
4 mins: Nissan Stadium - Event Venue - Tennessee Titans
5 mins: Music Row
5 mins: Vanderbilt University
6 mins: Germantown
6 mins: Tennessee State University
6 mins: Geodis Park - Hosting World Cup 2025
7 mins: Centennial Park
7 mins: Topgolf
7 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
8 mins: Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
8 mins: Belmont Mansion
9 mins: The Parthenon
9 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Course
13 mins: McCabe Golf Course
13 mins: Nashville Zoo
15 mins: The Grand Ole Opry

Registration Details
Permit #: 2025028021

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hyve 608 LLC
Host User ID: 428139585
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/428139585
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
32 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting