URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1036534132834521586
Latitude: 36.32287
Longitude: -86.54496
rental_type: Entire cabin
property_type: CABIN
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Gallatin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a peaceful lake getaway in this spacious suite attached to a rustic cabin on Old Hickory Lake 🌊. Surrounded by trees 🌲 with beautiful lake views over the wooded backyard, it's a relaxing retreat 30 mins from Downtown Nashville 🎸.

Perfect for couples, families, and business travelers 💼, this suite sleeps 3 with 1 bedroom 🛏️, 2 beds, a large bathroom 🛁, private balcony 🌅, sitting area, workspace 💻, and lake access 🛶!

The space
Designed for Comfort! This cabin-style basement apartment features:

🏡 The Space: This spacious basement-level apartment was thoughtfully transformed from a garage into a warm, cabin-inspired retreat. The original garage door was intentionally preserved as a distinctive design element, giving the space a cool industrial character that blends beautifully with its cozy lake-house feel.

🛋️ Living Area: Comfortable living space with seating, TV, electric fireplace, portable fans, and a warm cabin-inspired atmosphere.

🍳 Kitchen: Equipped kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, microwave, electric stove, oven, drip coffee maker, toaster, blender, baking sheet, cookware, dishes, silverware, wine glasses, and dining table.

🛁 Bathroom: One full bathroom stocked with shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, a hair dryer, hot water, fresh towels, and essential toiletries.

💻 Workspace & Connectivity: Stay connected with free Wi-Fi and a dedicated workspace, making the apartment convenient for remote work and extended stays.

🌊 Lake & Outdoor Area: Enjoy beautiful lake views through the trees, access to Old Hickory Lake, a shared backyard, outdoor furniture and dining space, a fire pit, and access to a canoe and paddle board for outdoor adventures.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the private basement apartment, including:

🔑 Private entrance

🍳 Kitchen and dining area

🛋️ Living and sleeping areas

🛁 Full bathroom

🌊 Lake access

🔥 Shared Fire pit and outdoor seating

🌿 Shared backyard

🧺 Shared laundry room

🚗 Free driveway parking (up to 2 vehicles)

Other things to note
Property Layout & Shared Spaces

Stairs: Please note that there are two steps leading up to the bedroom and bathroom areas.
🏡 Shared Property: This is a multi-unit property with other guest accommodations connected to the home. Each unit has its own private entrance and private living space, so guests can enjoy their accommodations independently. Other units may be occupied during your stay.
🔊 Noise Consideration: This is a basement-level apartment. Footsteps and normal household sounds may be heard from above (the upstairs kitchen is above a sleeping area). Light sleepers may prefer the bed in the main living space.
🌊 Lake Access: Located in a peaceful state-park-style setting. The shoreline is about 300 feet (length of a football field) from the house through the trees.
🚣 Water Equipment Note: Guests may use 1 canoe, 1 paddle board, oars, and life jackets. Note: The canoe weighs ~100 lbs and must be hand-carried to the lake.

Shared Laundry Details
🧺 Laundry Hours: Accessible to guests, but closed between 10:00 PM and 8:00 AM out of consideration for nearby guests.
🧺 Housekeeping Dryer: Clean housekeeping linens may occasionally be in the dryer upon arrival. Simply set them aside if needed (no folding necessary). Please do not use these linens, as your fresh set is provided inside your unit.

Property Quirks & Maintenance
🐕 Occasional Dog on Property: A large, friendly dog lives on the wider property. If you prefer no interaction or have a fear of dogs, please inform us prior to booking.
🌿 Routine Exterior Maintenance: Lawn mowing, weed trimming, or package deliveries may occur around exterior doors/windows during your stay without prior notice. Entry inside is not required.
🗓️ Aug 16, 2026 Special Check-In Notice: For bookings starting August 16, 2026, check-in will take place between 3:30 PM and 4:00 PM due to scheduled property upkeep.

Fees & Long-Term Policies
⏰ Early Check-In / Late Check-Out: Subject to availability for a $50 fee (includes early/late luggage drop-off).
🚜 Trailers: Parking for trailers requires pre-approval prior to arrival.
💳 Security Deposit: A refundable deposit may be requested based on booking details and past reviews.
📅 Long-Term Stays (30+ Nights): A $200 monthly utility fee (internet, water, trash, electric, gas) is billed separately via the app and must be paid within 24 hours of request prior to stay.
🚫 Boats, Trailers & Large Vehicles: Boats, trailers, and large trucks are not permitted on the property without prior owner approval.
🔌 Charging & Electrical Use: Charging boats, vehicles, batteries, or other equipment using the property’s electricity is not allowed without prior permission. Cords may not be run through doors, walkways, or parking areas. If approved, an additional convenience fee may apply to cover electricity usage.
🌡️ Temperature Control: This unit does not use a traditional wall thermostat. Instead, it is equipped with its own auxiliary heating and cooling control inside the unit, allowing guests to easily adjust the temperature to their preferred comfort level at any time.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Elite Stay
Host User ID: 11849086
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/11849086
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a Nashville native with 30 years working in management in the hospitality and service industry.  I also happen to love people.

I believe it is always important to treat others as you wish to be treated. I love to travel and I love good food and wine and fun things to do with groups of people, and I have always appreciated those friends who have guided me in the cities and countries where I have visited/lived.  

I have always made it my goal to discover the best food at the best restaurants, but then also discover that "hole in the wall" that has amazing food and a fun atmosphere for a fraction of the cost.  

Born and raised in Nashville, I love my city and I love to share it with others.  
I provide recommendations of the best bars and restaurants and I am always available to answer the phone to help you with whatever you need.
My work: Recreation/Hospitality Industry
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
4781 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting