URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1529326177167714304
Latitude: 36.32818672339332
Longitude: -87.04388766184704
rental_type: Entire cabin
property_type: CABIN
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Ashland City, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Just 35 minutes from downtown Nashville, this cozy log cabin retreat blends rustic charm with modern comfort. Nestled in peaceful Ashland City, it’s the perfect spot to unwind by the firepit, sip coffee on the porch, or stargaze under Tennessee skies. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, fast Wi-Fi, and all the warmth of a true Music City getaway. Perfect for families, couples, or songwriting retreats!

The space
🪵 Property, Rooms & Spaces

Welcome to Cozy Music City Cabin Retreat, a warm and inviting log cabin nestled on 1.76 acres in peaceful Ashland City. Built in 1978 using reclaimed logs from an original 1850s Kentucky cabin, this home carries both history and heart. It’s been a cherished space for our family, and we’re honored to share its comfort and serenity with you.

🍳 Kitchen

Fully stocked with everything you need to prepare an artful meal — pots, pans, cookware, plates, utensils, blender, food processor, knives, and even an Instant Pot. You’ll also find a Keurig coffee maker with pods provided and a tea kettle with a selection of teas for those slow, peaceful mornings.

🛏️ Bedrooms & Sleeping Spaces

Guest Room 1 (off kitchen): Bunk beds with a full on bottom and twin on top, plus access to the linen closet.

Guest Room 2 (main floor hallway): King bed, dresser, closet, blackout shades, and a wall-mounted TV.

Living Room: Full-size sleeper sofa with built-in mattress and an extra topper stored under the king bed for added comfort. Linens located in guest room 1, extra blankets located in hallway lower cabinet closest to guest room 2. 

Master Suite (upstairs): Queen bed, spacious layout, TV, and a private bathroom with tub and shower.

Downstairs bathroom: Newly renovated classic black and white tiled floors and subway tiled shower! 

Additional Options: Queen air mattress available with plenty of space upstairs to set it up.

🪶 Extras & Amenities

You’ll find board games, puzzles, cozy blankets, and firewood in the living room cabinets — perfect for a quiet evening in. Step outside to enjoy the beauty of the neighborhood, ideal for morning walks or a breath of fresh Tennessee air.

💫 A Place with Heart

This cabin isn’t just a stay — it’s a story. It’s where our family has dreamed, grown, and healed. We hope this space offers you the same sense of peace, comfort, and inspiration that it’s brought to us over the years.

🌿Looking for more space?

Traveling with a larger group or need a little extra room to spread out? We also offer a charming Tiny House on the same property — perfect for additional guests or families traveling together. The tiny blue house sleeps two in the loft and one downstairs, with its own kitchenette and private entrance.

👉 Book it here: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/43862614?guests=1&adults=1&s=67&unique_share_id=b5971ba0-f8bf-4cf0-870f-05c3e46d0138

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire cabin and all amenities, except for the utility closet in the living room (staff use only). Please note that the two-story barn beyond the carport is not accessible — do not enter the barn.

The front brick patio is all yours to enjoy privately. The backyard may be shared with guests staying in the tiny blue house, which is also available to rent if your group needs extra space. The tiny house sleeps two in the loft and one downstairs and can be booked together with the cabin for larger parties.

Guests are welcome to use the kayaks, as long as they have a way to safely transport them to their launch site. Two lifejackets and paddles are provided.

Other things to note
About Trash Pickup: Trash pickup is on Thursdays. If your stay includes a Wednesday night, please make sure you take your trash out and roll the can to the street on Wednesday evening. Pickup could come as early as 5am on Thursdays. 

About Parking: There are two carport slots. One slot is designated for the tiny house in the back of the property, and one is designated for the main cabin rental. They are first come first choice, so it does not matter which parking spot you choose. *IMPORTANT* If you have more than one vehicle on your trip, please be mindful not to block in other guests. DO NOT park in the grass. When it rains, the grass becomes squishy. You WILL get stuck. Guests with more than 1 vehicle may utilize the gravel parking in front of the red canoe (far left carport space). Please make sure you pull all the way up. 

About the Cleaning Fee: We take great care to ensure the cabin is spotless and welcoming for every guest. Our $175 cleaning fee helps cover the cost of professional cleaning between stays — including laundering all linens and towels, sanitizing bathrooms and kitchen surfaces, replenishing essentials, and restocking items like coffee, tea, and firewood so you can simply arrive and relax.

We know cleaning fees can vary widely on Airbnb, so we want you to know this fee reflects the time, effort, and care it takes to maintain the high standard of cleanliness and comfort we promise at Cozy Music City Cabin Retreat.

Thank you for helping us keep this space beautiful and ready for everyone who visits.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sarah
Host User ID: 21571152
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/21571152
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a full time musician and single mom with 3 dogs. I have 3 pups, and I love adventuring in the great outdoors. One of my favorite places to backpack and connect with nature is Alaska! 

5 things we can't live without: 
Coffee
My baby girl
Being outside
Books 
Music
My work: Musician/Singer-Songwriter
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
177 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting