URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1633209680182818867
Latitude: 36.14271
Longitude: -86.82009
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of West End with space for 8 and two reserved spots in a private gated garage. This bright 1,200 sq ft condo offers a king suite, a second bedroom with two queen beds, two ensuite bathrooms, a private balcony, full kitchen and workspace—all about a 10-minute walk from Centennial Park and the Parthenon and close to Vanderbilt.

The space
Easy check-in and plenty of space to gather, unwind, and recharge between Nashville adventures. Designed to comfortably sleep up to 8, this home is also an ideal setup for two couples or two colleagues traveling for work thanks to its generous and versatile layout, multiple beds, and two ensuite bathrooms. The open living and dining area features comfortable seating, a Smart TV, a queen sleeper sofa, and a dining table for four—perfect for shared meals, game nights, or getting a little work done between outings. In the morning, sunshine pours in to start your day on a bright, uplifting note.

The fully equipped kitchen is stocked with essentials, making it easy to prepare everything from quick breakfasts to family dinners. An in-unit washer and dryer adds extra convenience for longer stays. The Sun-filled West End Retreat is a perfect home base for guests who want space, natural light, and an easy, relaxed Nashville stay.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements
QUEEN SOFA BED IN LIVING ROOM 
BEDROOM 1: 1 KING BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 2: 2 QUEEN BEDS WITH TV, ENSUITE BATHROOM, AND DESK WITH MONITOR

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, and laundry and dishwasher pods. 

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

📍 About Mason Lofts at West End
Mason Lofts is a boutique aparthotel featuring 14 large, airy, and thoughtfully designed apartments with fully equipped kitchens, in-unit laundry, and a modern, minimalist aesthetic. Guests enjoy complimentary parking and a prime West End location within walking distance of Vanderbilt University, Centennial Park, and the Sportsplex, as well as the incredibly spacious units —ideal for extended stays or an elevated weekend getaway.

★★ Exclusive Guest Perks★★
As a guest, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Humminghost's partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Check-in is simple with smart locks. Before your arrival, we’ll send detailed instructions with your door codes, directions to the unit, and any access info for shared amenities or parking. Please review these notes ahead of time to ensure a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
★Gated Garage Parkings ★ 
Enjoy private, gated garage parking with 2 dedicated parking spaces reserved for each unit. 

★ ADA-friendly ★ 
Mason Lofts is an ADA-friendly building, with showers in every unit, spacious elevator easily accessible from the parking garage, an entrance on each floor of the 2-floor units, and spacious bedrooms with extra space around the beds. 

★Smoke-Free Home & Community★
In accordance with building rules, smoking is not permitted inside the unit or any common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Supplies & Essentials★
We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.

★Families & Baby Gear★
Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play and baby gate (in homes with stairs) available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.

★Maintenance & Repairs★	
Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mason Lofts
Host User ID: 372556265
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/372556265
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Mason a lofts at West End, a Sustainable Vacation Rental Experience in the heart of Nashville. It is managed by Humming Host, a local and women-owned property management company. 

Located in the quaint West End, yet close to the hustle and bustle of Broadway or the classrooms at Vanderbilt, it is the perfect location to discover the City during the day and have a restful night!
My work: Property Manager
Speaks English, French, and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
708 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting