URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1704641616654837035
Latitude: 36.194206801910006
Longitude: -86.7775121483349
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 14
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Book two modern Nashville homes located near each other on Napoleon Street, giving your group extra space, privacy, and flexibility while staying close together. Perfect for family gatherings, friend trips, bachelor and bachelorette weekends, work retreats, and large groups. Enjoy multiple living areas, fully equipped kitchens, comfortable bedrooms, private outdoor spaces, and quick access to Broadway, Germantown, Nissan Stadium, Topgolf, and downtown Nashville.

The space
Welcome to your Nashville group getaway. This combo booking includes two separate homes located near each other on Napoleon Street, allowing large groups to stay close while still enjoying the comfort and privacy of separate spaces.

Whether you're planning a family reunion, bachelor or bachelorette trip, corporate retreat, wedding weekend, or a friends’ getaway, this setup offers the convenience of nearby homes with plenty of room to spread out.

What makes this combo especially unique is that both homes feature their own private rooftop entertainment spaces. Instead of sharing one rooftop, your group gets two separate rooftop decks, giving everyone more space to relax, gather, and enjoy the Nashville atmosphere.

At 1402, enjoy a premium rooftop hot tub, outdoor dining table, refrigerator, and multiple lounge areas that create the perfect setting for morning coffee, afternoon relaxation, or evening drinks.

At 1406, the rooftop serves as your group’s second gathering space, complete with a premium hot tub, outdoor TV, dining area, and comfortable lounge seating. Whether you're catching the game, unwinding after Broadway, or spending the evening with friends, it’s a space designed for memorable group experiences.

Together, the homes offer 8 bedrooms and 8 full bathrooms, with nearly every bedroom featuring its own en-suite bath. This layout is ideal for larger groups who want the convenience of staying close together without sacrificing privacy.

Parking is easy with two private garages accommodating up to four vehicles combined, plus additional free street parking nearby.

Please note that both homes feature multiple interior levels and rooftop access via stairs. Guests should expect frequent stair use throughout their stay, which may not be ideal for those with mobility concerns or families traveling with very young children.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements Unit 1402
BEDROOM 1: 1 KING BED W/ TWIN DAY BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 2: 1 KING BED W/ TWIN DAY BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 3: 1 QUEEN BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 4: 2 QUEEN BEDS WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements Unit 1406
BEDROOM 1: 1 KING BED W/ TWIN DAY BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 2: 1 KING BED W/ TWIN DAY BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 3: 1 QUEEN BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 4: 2 QUEEN BEDS WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, and laundry and dishwasher pods. 

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

★★ Exclusive Guest Perks★★
As a guest, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Humminghost's partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Check-in is simple with smart locks. Before your arrival, we’ll send detailed instructions with your door codes, directions to the unit, and any access info for shared amenities or parking. Please review these notes ahead of time to ensure a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
★Smoke-Free Home & Community★
In accordance with building rules, smoking is not permitted inside the unit or any common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Supplies & Essentials★
We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.

★Families & Baby Gear★
Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play and baby gate (in homes with stairs) available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.

★Maintenance & Repairs★	
Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.

★Trash Disposal★	
All trash must be bagged and securely tied before disposal. Trash must be taken outside and placed in the trash cans located outside of the townhouse garage. Please do not leave trash inside the unit, garage, hallways, or any shared areas during your stay.

★Stairs & Multi-Level Layout★
This townhome spans three interior floors plus a rooftop outdoor space, and stairs are required to access the bedrooms, living areas, and rooftop. Because of the multi-level layout, the home may not be the best fit for guests with mobility considerations, those who prefer minimal stair use, or families traveling with very young children who may be sensitive to frequent stair climbing.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
Born in the 80s
My work: Humming Host’s CEO
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2658 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting