URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1117324091816214974
Latitude: 36.1732
Longitude: -86.7804
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Elegant Riverside Condo with Complimentary WiFi, Private Terrace, and Central Air Conditioning

Unwind and enjoy the comfort of this charming, renovated apartment located in the heart of downtown Nashville. Featuring a private terrace and modern amenities, this elegant riverside condo offers the perfect blend of style and convenience. Enjoy complimentary WiFi, central air conditioning, and a cozy atmosphere that will make you feel right at home. Whether you're visiting for business or leisure,

Other things to note
Our unit is on the first floor and is nestled along the scenic Cumberland River and just minutes from downtown, this charming rental offers a cozy and relaxing retreat with all the conveniences of home. Enjoy your morning coffee or evening unwind on the private furnished balcony, and take in the beautiful river views. Inside, a spacious living area with a large flat-screen TV awaits, perfect for streaming your favorite shows and movies.

What's in the Area:
This centrally located rental puts you right in the heart of Nashville’s vibrant energy. A short distance from Broadway Avenue, you’ll discover iconic honky-tonks, the Bridgestone Arena, and a variety of Southern culinary delights. Head north to Germantown for an authentic German dining experience or walk to nearby landmarks like the historic Ryman Auditorium and the Tennessee State Capitol. For a more eclectic vibe, East Nashville’s bars, boutiques, and eateries are just a quick drive away.

Property Details:
1 Bedroom
1 Bathroom
Sleeping Arrangements:
Bedroom 1: King Bed (Sleeps 2)
Living Room: Queen Sleeper Sofa (Sleeps 2)
Maximum Guest Occupancy: 4 Guests (Please note that children under the age of two years still count toward the maximum guest occupancy.)

Dive into riverside relaxation at our community pool which is your private slice of waterfront paradise. Nestled just steps from the Cumberland River, this sparkling, vintage-style pool offers sunlit lounging, refreshing swims, and unbeatable river views that feel like a mini-vacation in the heart of the city 
Why it’s a standout feature:
    •    Scenic backdrop: Overlook the gentle flow of the river and soak in downtown Nashville’s skyline while you swim or unwind—total relaxation, total luxury.

For the security of our guests and the safety of our home, there are 2 external security cameras located at this vacation rental. A ring camera is placed at the front door and a 2nd camera is located at the back of the condo, with visibility of the common area.

House Rules:
No Smoking
No Events
No Firearms
No Refunds for Internet Outages
Quiet Hours: 10 p.m. - 7 a.m.
Additional Details:
Complimentary WiFi
Fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher
Access to shared laundry facilities
No pets allowed
Ample parking available
Please note: The primary guest must be at least 21 years old to book this unit.

Upon booking, you’ll receive detailed communications to ensure a smooth stay. Enjoy hassle-free access to your professionally cleaned and sanitized home with our custom keyless entry system. Our local team is always on hand to assist you before, during, or after your stay.

Experience the best of Music City with the comforts of this elegant riverside condo. Perfect for a relaxing getaway or a convenient home base for exploring Nashville!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 146884195
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/146884195
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Looking to plan a dreamy beach get-away? 30a Seascapes has hundreds of properties, from the salt filled waters of the Gulf, Music City (Nashville), and more. As a #1 rated Superhost, 30a Seascapes provides the best guest experience by way of stunning beachfront properties, topnotch resorts offering fantastic amenities, and excellent customer service. We pride ourselves when it comes to reliable, timely, and clear communication with our clientele.
Born in the 60s
Speaks English and Serbian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
35138 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting