URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1751771250848173824
Latitude: 36.1598
Longitude: -86.8191
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Unwind at Southern Souls, a stylish three-bedroom Nashville retreat offering a comfortable home base for families and groups of up to six. Enjoy three queen bedrooms, inviting living spaces, and a convenient location near Centennial Park and downtown Nashville. Thoughtful details throughout the home include custom artwork by Kacey Musgraves’ mother, photography by her sister, and one-of-a-kind pieces tied to Nashville’s music history.

Other things to note
Primary renter must be at least 25 years of age. Guests may be asked to present their government issued IDs upon arrival or anytime during their stay. Do not rent this unit for another party. The primary renter must be staying in the unit.

About the Vacation Rental Unit:

Southern Souls offers three bedrooms and two-and-a-half bathrooms with comfortable accommodations for up to six guests. Designed with a modern, boho-inspired aesthetic, the home provides an inviting setting for a Nashville getaway with family or friends.

The living spaces provide plenty of room to gather between outings, whether you’re enjoying a quiet morning before exploring the city or winding down after an evening downtown. Skylights bring natural light into the home, while a piano adds another touch of Music City character. Throughout the space, guests will also find custom artwork created by Kacey Musgraves’ mother and photography by her sister. With the entire home available during your stay, guests can settle in and enjoy the privacy and convenience of having their own Nashville retreat.

One of the home’s most distinctive pieces is the breakfast table, crafted from reclaimed floorboards from Nashville’s historic Ryman Auditorium dating from before the flood—a unique connection to the city’s legendary music history.

Each of the home’s three bedrooms includes a queen bed, providing consistent sleeping accommodations throughout the property. With downtown entertainment, parks, universities, restaurants, museums, sporting venues, and live music destinations within easy reach, Southern Souls provides a convenient starting point for experiencing different sides of Music City.

This 3-bedroom, 2.5-bathroom vacation rental features:
Master Bedroom: Queen Bed – Sleeps 2
Primary Guest Bedroom: Queen Bed – Sleeps 2
3rd Bedroom: Queen Bed – Sleeps 2
Master Bathroom: Full Bathroom
Primary Guest Bathroom: Full Bathroom
3rd Bathroom: Half Bathroom
Maximum Guest Occupancy: 6 Guests (Please note that children under the age of two years still count toward the maximum guest occupancy.)

Southern Souls combines a convenient Nashville location with comfortable spaces designed for time together. Start the morning at home before heading out to explore nearby parks, museums, restaurants, universities, and Nashville’s famous music scene. Three separate queen bedrooms make the home especially convenient for couples, families, or groups who prefer dedicated sleeping spaces.

Unique touches make the home memorable in its own right, from the skylights and piano to the custom artwork, photography, and Ryman Auditorium reclaimed-floorboard breakfast table. Guests can also enjoy an upgraded bathroom experience featuring a Japanese-style toilet and bidet.

When you’re ready to explore, some of Nashville’s best-known destinations are only a short drive away. Centennial Park offers green space, walking paths, gardens, and the city’s iconic full-scale Parthenon replica. Downtown opens the door to Nashville’s famous live music scene, museums, sporting events, dining, and entertainment.

At the end of the day, Southern Souls gives your group a comfortable place to return to away from the busiest parts of downtown while keeping Music City’s major attractions within easy reach.

Parking:

Private driveway parking is available for up to 2 vehicles.

About the Community/Property:

Southern Souls is conveniently positioned near Centennial Park and downtown Nashville, giving guests easy access to both the city’s urban attractions and some of its most popular green spaces. The location is especially convenient for exploring the West End, Centennial Park, Vanderbilt area, downtown Nashville, and surrounding neighborhoods without staying directly amid the activity of Lower Broadway.

Nearby attractions and destinations include the following (distances are approximate and may vary depending on route, traffic, construction, and the specific destination entrance):

• Centennial Park – approximately 1.2 miles: One of Nashville’s signature public spaces, this 132-acre urban park features walking areas, Lake Watauga, gardens, cultural spaces, seasonal events, and the iconic Parthenon.
• The Parthenon – approximately 1.2 miles: Located within Centennial Park, Nashville’s Parthenon is a full-scale replica of the ancient Greek landmark and one of the city’s most recognizable attractions.
• Vanderbilt University – approximately 2.2 miles: The Vanderbilt and West End area provides convenient access to the university along with nearby restaurants, shops, and city amenities.
• Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park – approximately 2.4 miles: Explore a downtown-adjacent state park highlighting Tennessee’s geography and history while enjoying open green space near the State Capitol and Nashville Farmers’ Market.
• Lower Broadway/Downtown Nashville – approximately 3 miles: Head downtown for Nashville’s famous honky-tonks, live music, restaurants, rooftop venues, and entertainment.
• Ryman Auditorium – approximately 3 miles: Visit one of Nashville’s most celebrated music venues in the heart of downtown.
• Bridgestone Arena – approximately 3 miles: Home to Nashville Predators hockey along with major concerts and entertainment events.
• Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum – approximately 3.5 miles: Explore exhibits celebrating the people, recordings, instruments, and stories that shaped country music.
• Nissan Stadium – approximately 4 miles: Home of the Tennessee Titans and a major Nashville venue for concerts and special events.
• Five Points/East Nashville – approximately 5 miles: Cross the Cumberland River to explore one of East Nashville’s best-known districts, with restaurants, bars, shops, and neighborhood gathering spots.
• Nashville International Airport – approximately 12.6 miles: The airport is roughly a 17-minute drive under typical conditions, although Nashville traffic and event schedules can significantly affect travel times.

This central location makes it possible to experience several different sides of Nashville during one stay—from an afternoon walking through Centennial Park to an evening of live music downtown. Guests can explore Nashville’s museums, music venues, universities, parks, restaurants, sporting events, and nightlife while maintaining a comfortable home base outside the busiest downtown blocks.

Other details to note:

Upon booking, you’ll receive timely communications about your trip. Access to your professionally cleaned and sanitized home is also convenient with our custom keyless locks. And, if you need anything before, during or after your stay, our local team is ready to help!

Please be aware that there will be NO refunds for Wi-Fi issues as it’s not guaranteed. If reliable Wi-Fi is a must, you are welcome to bring your own internet hotspot.

Non-negotiable rules: No Smoking or Vaping, No Events or Parties, No Firearms. Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am (unless posted signage indicates otherwise).

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 146884195
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/146884195
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Looking to plan a dreamy beach get-away? 30a Seascapes has hundreds of properties, from the salt filled waters of the Gulf, Music City (Nashville), and more. As a #1 rated Superhost, 30a Seascapes provides the best guest experience by way of stunning beachfront properties, topnotch resorts offering fantastic amenities, and excellent customer service. We pride ourselves when it comes to reliable, timely, and clear communication with our clientele.
Born in the 60s
Speaks English and Serbian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
35141 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting