URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1249513639046123017
Latitude: 36.1945
Longitude: -86.7659
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Bluebird Hideaway 207, a modern 1BR/1BA condo in East Nashville’s trendy Cleveland Park—just 6 minutes from downtown! Enjoy sleek design, a king bed, sofa bed, full kitchen, and open-concept living space. Relax on the rooftop deck with skyline views or explore nearby cafés and shops. Includes 2 parking spaces and elevator access. Perfect for couples or small groups visiting Music City.

Other things to note
Nestled next to River North, where Oracle is developing a multi-billion-dollar campus, Cleveland Park is rapidly becoming one of the city's most sought-after areas.Primary renter must be at least 21 years of age. Guests may be asked to present their IDs upon arrival or anytime during their stay. Do not rent this unit for another party. The primary renter must be staying in the unit.

This 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom vacation rental features:

King Bed: Sleeps 2-TV in the bedroom
Sofa Bed: Sleeps 2

Maximum Guest Occupancy: 4 Guests (Please note that children under the age of two years still count toward the maximum guest occupancy.)

About the Community/Property:

With Oracle’s arrival and the accompanying infrastructure upgrades, Bluebird Hideaway is perfectly positioned to benefit, making it an attractive option for both weekend travelers and local renters.

Designed by Pfeffer Torode Architecture, Bluebird Hideaway was created with a strong focus on community connectivity. Constructed by ZMX, these condos are just a 6-minute drive from downtown Nashville and within walking distance of trendy coffee shops and unique local boutiques. The interiors, crafted by Caroline Walkup, feature elevated design elements that are both stylish and durable—perfect for short-term rentals. The patterns and textures complement the eclectic, laid-back vibe of East Nashville.

About the Vacation Rental Unit:

Fly on into this beautiful bluebird nest for a week, a weekend, or a month or more! Guests will enjoy access to a variety of amenities, including a generous rooftop deck with partial views of the downtown skyline, a third-floor terrace ideal for outdoor gatherings and a 31-space parking lot reserved exclusively for owners and guests.

The condo offers spacious sleeping areas and an open concept living room and kitchen, providing a perfect space for guests to relax, dine, and create lasting memories. The décor is calm, cool, and peaceful, designed to enhance your Nashville experience.

Parking: 

This unit comes with 2 reserved parking spaces, which are located in the back of the building. Guests will have access to stairs and an elevator.
 
Other details to note: 

Upon booking, you’ll receive timely communications about your trip. Access to your professionally cleaned and sanitized home is also convenient with our custom keyless locks. And, if you need anything before, during or after your stay, our local team is ready to help!

Non-negotiable rules: No Smoking or Vaping, No Pets, No Events or Parties, No Firearms. Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am (unless posted signage indicates otherwise).

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 146884195
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/146884195
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Looking to plan a dreamy beach get-away? 30a Seascapes has hundreds of properties, from the salt filled waters of the Gulf, Music City (Nashville), and more. As a #1 rated Superhost, 30a Seascapes provides the best guest experience by way of stunning beachfront properties, topnotch resorts offering fantastic amenities, and excellent customer service. We pride ourselves when it comes to reliable, timely, and clear communication with our clientele.
Born in the 60s
Speaks English and Serbian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
35138 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting