URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1533572289067677050
Latitude: 36.17546224011386
Longitude: -86.7511619777367
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
A stand-alone home inside a gated East Nashville resort. An open first floor with kitchen, dining and living in one wide room, four king bedrooms, four full baths, a private rooftop, and a heated pool, cedar sauna, cold plunge, gym and firepit lounge behind the gate. Five Points is a block away, Broadway seven minutes. Three generations have fit here comfortably. Free parking. Dogs welcome ($350 per pet).

The space
A stand-alone home with a wide-open first floor.

Noa Nashville 9 is a single-family home inside the gated Noa resort. The footprint is close to square, which gives it an unusually open first floor: kitchen, dining and living share one wide room, so a group of ten is actually together instead of spread down a hall. It books for multi-generation trips, families with kids, friend groups who want the sauna and cold plunge routine and a real neighborhood to walk in. Dogs are welcome ($350 per pet).

Nearby, approximate:

📍 1 block to Five Points restaurants, coffee, live music
📍 7 min drive to Broadway and downtown
📍 5 min to Nissan Stadium (guests have used us for concerts and Titans games)
📍 9 min to Music Row
📍 12 min to Vanderbilt
📍 10 min walk to Shelby Park and the greenway for dog walks
📍 15 min to Nashville International Airport (BNA)

Wellness, steps from the door.

✅ Heated pool (heat included above 60°F; optional paid heat below)
✅ 6-person cedar sauna
✅ Cold plunge
✅ Full gym
✅ Gas firepit lounge, outdoor seating
✅ Pool pavilion with bar area (seasonal, hours vary)
✅ Outdoor speaker system, gated landscaped courtyard

Bedrooms and baths.

Four king bedrooms, four full baths.
✅ Bedroom 1: King, en-suite bath with walk-in shower
✅ Bedroom 2: King, en-suite bath with walk-in shower
✅ Bedroom 3: King, shared bath with tub
✅ Bedroom 4: King, shared bath with walk-in shower
✅ Living room: Queen sleeper sofa
✅ Pack & Play on request
Pillow-top kings, hotel linens, blackout shades, smart TVs, and sound-insulated windows. One guest called it "100% soundproof."
Your private rooftop.

A rooftop deck of your own above the resort. Coffee up top in the morning, the firepit and pool below in the evening.

Kitchen and living.

The first floor is the reason people pick this home. Kitchen, dining and living open onto each other across the width of the home, so cooking, the game and the conversation all happen in one room. Full stainless kitchen with cookware, chef's knives, baking gear, blender, toaster, pantry staples, spices, and dishware for ten. Local coffee stocked. In-unit washer and dryer. 1-gig internet, dedicated workspace.

Parking.

One free covered space plus free street parking. Gated property.

From guests who stayed in this home:

"This was truly a five star stay. Three generations traveling together. We all loved this spot! Bonus: we brought our dogs. The amenities are fantastic, the units are well maintained and the managers are onsite to address anything! All the guests were out mingling, grilling, and enjoying the property. 100% soundproof and 1.5 miles from downtown. We are planning a multi family outing here for next year!!" — Melissa, July 2026

"Booked now Nashville for a stay with a few friends for the Alan Jackson concert at Nissan. The home was easy to locate and had wonderful amenities (pool, gym, sauna and cold plunge). The grounds were very well taken care of and easy to grab an uber to and from Nissan stadium. ... We needed a late check out before we caught our flight and the host responded right away even though it was late at night which was very much appreciated." — Nicole, June 2026

"We had a great stay at Noa. Very nice being able to walk to breakfast, lunch and dinner. Would highly recommend." — Trey, August 2026

Good for: families and multi-generation groups; wellness-focused groups; friends in town for a game or concert at Nissan; anyone who wants a stand-alone home with a big open first floor. Dog owners welcome.

STR Permit #2025064792

Guest access
The entire home: all bedrooms, baths, kitchen, living areas, private rooftop and parking. Smart-lock self check-in. Full use of the resort amenities shared with the other Noa homes: heated pool, sauna, cold plunge, gym, firepit lounge and pool pavilion (seasonal hours). No shared interior spaces.

Other things to note
Other things to note

•	Dogs welcome: $350 pet fee per pet, up to two dogs. Pets are not permitted in the pool area. Please clean up after pets in all outdoor areas; additional cleaning fees apply for pet waste left behind.
•	Multiple levels; stairs are required.
•	Pool heat included above 60°F outdoor temperature; paid heating available below.
•	Quiet hours 10 PM to 7 AM.
•	Smoke-free property; restoration fee if smoke is detected.
•	Exterior security cameras, outdoors only.
•	Occasional city or construction noise is possible.
•	On-site team available most days.
•	Please follow posted amenity rules. We enforce Airbnb's cancellation policy; travel insurance is recommended.

STR Permit #2025064792

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Noa Nashville
Host User ID: 720995826
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/720995826
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Noa Nashville is a family-owned, East Nashville–based operation built around a property we designed, developed, and built ourselves. We operate these homes with pride and care—because nothing matters more to us than giving you an exceptional experience.
Born in the 80s
My work: Nothing but Noa!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
424 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting