URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1355247352098439262
Latitude: 36.1778
Longitude: -86.7562
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 14
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Two homes, two rooftop patios, and room for everyone make The Daylily & The Aster the ultimate Nashville getaway. These modern East Nashville homes offer 8 bedrooms and 8 bathrooms, spacious open-concept living areas, fully equipped kitchens, high-speed WiFi, and rooftop patios with skyline views. Just minutes from downtown and Broadway, they're perfect for large group getaways, family reunions, celebrations, corporate retreats, and extended stays. 🌆

The space
Welcome to an unparalleled East Nashville escape, where two neighboring homes—The Daylily and The Aster—are available under one reservation. Located just steps apart and sharing a driveway, these distinct yet complementary residences provide the perfect setting for larger gatherings, whether you’re celebrating with friends, hosting a family reunion, or planning an unforgettable bachelor or bachelorette party.

What You’ll Love:
◆ Ensuite bathrooms for each bedroom
◆ Spacious Rooftop Patios with cozy seating, skyline views, & gas firepit
◆ Fully-equipped Modern Kitchens with sleek appliances & essentials.
◆ Smart TV in Living Rooms & Several Bedrooms – Log into your favorite streaming apps or cast from your phone.
◆ Central Heating & AC for year-round comfort.
◆ High-Speed Wi-Fi & Dedicated Workspaces.
◆ Prime Location just steps from Five Points & a quick ride to Downtown, Broadway, & the Ryman Auditorium.
◆ Garage parking available for four standard-size vehicles, plus ample street parking.
◆ Dog Friendly - $150 pet fee for up to 2 dogs in each home. No breed or weight restrictions!

The Daylily:
airbnb.com/h/thedaylilynashville
Welcome to The Daylily! Located in East Nashville and just minutes from downtown. This stand alone 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom modern home is designed to exceed your expectations. Relax on the rooftop patio with skyline views, enjoy the open-concept living area, and enjoy high-speed internet and a fully equipped kitchen. An unforgettable stay awaits! 

Where you'll sleep at the Daylily: 
First Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 -  Queen bunk bed(2 Queen beds) and a Twin daybed + Ensuite full bathroom & Walk-in closet with twin rollaway bed. 
Second Floor (Main Living): 
◆ Bedroom 2 - King Bed + Ensuite Full Bathroom
Third Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 3 - King Bed + Ensuite Full Bathroom
◆ Bedroom 4 - Queen Bedroom + Ensuite Full Bathroom

The Aster:
airbnb.com/h/theasternashville
Welcome to The Aster! This end-unit townhome features a modern 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom layout designed to elevate your stay.

Where you'll sleep at the Aster:
First Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - Two Queen Bunk Beds (4 queen beds) + Ensuite Full Bathroom
Second Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 2 - King Bed + Ensuite Full Bathroom
Third Floor:
◆ Bedroom 3 - King Bed + Ensuite Full Bathroom & Twin rollaway bed
◆ Bedroom 4 -  King Bed + Ensuite Full Bathroom

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Pilates: 
Just a short drive away in the Wedgewood-Houston neighborhood is SŌLR Pilates, Nashville’s infrared hot mat Pilates studio. Guests staying in our homes receive 20% off studio classes and priority booking for private group sessions, perfect for bachelorette groups, birthdays, or a relaxing wellness experience during your stay.

Thank you for considering The Daylily & The Aster for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Please note: Each home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

This East Nashville neighborhood is evolving, with a mix of newly built homes as well as some charming older developments that reflect the vibrancy of the area. It’s a community on the rise, offering a unique blend of urban convenience and neighborhood charm.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5412 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting