URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/48310536
Latitude: 36.18959
Longitude: -86.77372
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 7
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Raccoon, a stunning 2BR/2.5BR townhouse just minutes from Broadway. Our space boasts a gorgeous outdoor roof deck, smart TVs, a chef's kitchen, private parking, and eclectic decor that we handcrafted ourselves. You'll love the convenient location, with easy access to Broadway, Nissan Stadium, and Topgolf, as well as the vibrant arts and nightlife scene in East Nashville. Come stay with us and make your Nashville adventure unforgettable.

The space
Welcome to "The Raccoon," your ultimate downtown Nashville getaway!

Step into our stunning 2-bedroom, 2.5-bath townhouse, meticulously designed with handcrafted, eclectic decor. "The Raccoon" is the perfect retreat for groups of up to 7 guests—ideal for bachelorette parties, bachelor trips, or an unforgettable friends' getaway.

Location, Location, Location!
You're just minutes from the heart of the action! We are located just a short 5-10 min drive to Broadway's famous honky-tonks, Nissan Stadium, and Topgolf. Our prime location offers the best of Nashville's vibrant arts and nightlife scene while providing a comfortable and private space to relax.

Unforgettable Amenities for Your Group:

Rooftop Deck: Host your own happy hour with stunning city views from your private rooftop terrace, complete with a wet bar. It’s the perfect spot for golden hour hangs and memorable group photos.

Chef's Kitchen: The fully-stocked kitchen is ready for you to whip up pre-game dinners or late-morning brunches.

Sleeping for 7: Rest easy with a luxurious King bed, two Queen beds, and a Twin roll away bed, ensuring everyone has a comfortable place to crash after a night out.

Private Parking: Enjoy the convenience of two private parking spots, a valuable amenity that saves you time and money in downtown Nashville.

This is more than just a place to stay—it’s the perfect basecamp for your Nashville adventure. Book your stay at "The Raccoon" and create memories that will last a lifetime!

Guest access
You'll have full access to every part of the house, except for the attic, which we use for storage. We want you to have a great time here, especially on the roof deck and the open-concept main floor. Enjoy your stay!

Other things to note
Our property is neighbored on either side by other homes, so we ask that guests keep noise levels down after 10 PM out of respect for our neighbors.

Smoking is strictly prohibited inside the property, including on the rooftop terrace. Guests who smoke will be charged an additional cleaning fee.

We provide two dedicated parking spots for our guests, but please note that oversized vehicles may have difficulty fitting in the spots. Please check with us first!

While we welcome guests of all ages, please note that our property has multiple staircases and may not be suitable for guests with mobility issues or young children.

We strive to make your stay as comfortable as possible, so please don't hesitate to let us know if there's anything we can do to make your stay more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris & Kelly
Host User ID: 389918901
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/389918901
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
738 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting