URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1650201621281401561
Latitude: 36.19671191194088
Longitude: -86.78111627465479
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 13
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★ The Lodge & That ’70s Show by AvantStay ★ 

• Two homes across the street just 10 min from Broadway and downtown Nashville
• Total of 8 bedrooms, sleeping up to 21 guests
• Two private rooftop lounges with hot tubs, skyline views, TVs, dining, and games
• The Lodge features National Park–inspired design, fireplace, and 4 ensuite bedrooms
• That ’70s Show offers retro décor, game room, guitar speakers, and piano
• Minutes to Nissan Stadium, Germantown, East Nashville, Topgolf & Pontoon Saloon

The space
Welcome to The Lodge & That ’70s Show by AvantStay! These two homes sit right across the street from each other, with a combined total of 8 bedrooms, sleeping up to 21 guests—an ideal option for family trips or groups looking to spread out while staying close.

Set just north of downtown along the Cumberland River, this location offers the perfect balance of accessibility and ease. You’re only about 10 minutes from Broadway’s iconic honky-tonks, live music, and rooftop bars, while hotspots like Nissan Stadium, Germantown, East Nashville, and Topgolf are all just minutes away. For something uniquely Nashville, the Pontoon Saloon river cruises depart less than half a mile away. It’s a setting that keeps you close to the action without sacrificing a more relaxed, neighborhood feel.

The Lodge
Blending cabin-inspired warmth with city convenience, The Lodge welcomes you with a dramatic floor-to-ceiling stone fireplace anchoring its open-concept living space. Natural textures and earthy tones create a cozy, National Park–inspired atmosphere that feels both grounded and elevated. The fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances makes group dining effortless, whether you're preparing a full dinner or quick bites before heading out.

Four ensuite bedrooms—each thoughtfully themed after iconic National Parks—offer comfort and privacy for up to 12 guests. The layout includes a ground-floor king suite, two additional king/queen suites upstairs (one featuring a double vanity bath), and a top-level bunk room with two twin bunks and two queen sleeper sofas. Smart TVs in every bedroom, along with the living room and rooftop, ensure everyone has space to unwind.

Up top, the private rooftop lounge steals the show. Fully enclosed for added privacy, it features a hot tub with skyline views, bar seating, dining space, games, and a large TV—perfect for sunset hangs or late-night soaks under the city lights.

That ’70s Show
Just across the street, That ’70s Show brings a completely different—but equally unforgettable—experience. Bold retro design, vibrant colors, and playful vintage touches create a one-of-a-kind stay full of personality. It’s a space made for fun, from its music-inspired features to its inviting gathering areas.

Inside, the open-concept living space flows from a comfortable lounge into a dining area and fully equipped kitchen, making it easy to gather before a night out. A standout sound system with custom guitar speakers, an Edith Bunker piano, and a dedicated game room with bumper pool and a classic video game table set the tone for lively evenings in. Upstairs, an additional entertainment space with a game console adds even more room to relax.

The home comfortably sleeps up to 9 guests across four bedrooms, including three king suites and a fourth room with a lofted bed and sleeper sofa—ideal for kids or additional guests. Four bathrooms ensure everyone has space to get ready with ease.

The rooftop lounge is the highlight here as well, featuring a private hot tub, cozy seating, and glowing string lights—all set against sweeping Nashville skyline views. It’s the perfect spot to kick off the night or wind down after exploring the city.

Together, these two homes offer the best of both worlds—cozy lodge charm and playful retro energy—paired with rooftop hot tubs, entertainment spaces, and an unbeatable location. Whether you're planning a celebration, group getaway, or weekend in Music City, this buyout delivers space, style, and a stay your group won’t forget.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths: 
- These homes allows up to 4 pets for a fee; undisclosed pets brought without AvantStay’s approval may result in a $500 fine per pet.

Parking Details:
- Two parking spaces are available directly in front of each property.

;[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit: 2025/10/2482

Registration Details
2025102482

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting