URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/18255267
Latitude: 36.161
Longitude: -86.7594
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Old Hickory Village, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
A warm welcoming cozy space that feels like Home. Loved and cared for in a safe, quiet, peaceful, rooted neighborhood. Earth tones with hardwood, tile, modern, super clean, owned by an artist.
Wake up to morning coffee on a screened deck to sounds of birds in a garden sanctuary and large, fenced yard. Dine on a tropical patio paradise with wine and romance or star gaze in a hammock for two. Even rainy days are a treat as the sounds of mother nature on a metal roof soothe the spirit. Serenity!

The space
There are many perks to this home, it's accommodations and ability to house from 1 - 8 guests comfortably, it's natural lighting and open space floor, 1500 sq. ft. The Home is in an older rooted neighborhood, super QUIET with no thru traffic. The only night sounds are of nature. It is located between two lakes, Old Hickory Lake and Percy Priest Lake for those water lovers with boat launch and fishing area very close. Host is an artist, musician, and interior designer specializing in home renovation with a flair for color and style. Four Bedrooms: king, queen, 2 fulls with 1.5 baths. Master bedroom has remote adjustable sleep number bed. Awesome screened in deck with patio furniture for dining outdoors and another lower deck area with table and chairs, rock flower gardens with bird sanctuary, parking for 4 vehicles in private driveway and extra parking on street. 3 TVs in home: living room, master bedroom, Den full bedroom with private entrance to lower deck. Guests can bring a boat, jet ski, or water sport toys to enjoy our lakes. There is a fire pit in the backyard that guests are allowed to use with lawn chairs and wood provided behind the shed should guests choose to make a bonfire. There's also a hammock built for two in the gardens for relaxing in the sun, night time star gazing, or cuddling. The house is stocked with every amenity you may need such as shampoo, conditioner, hand soap, body wash, towels, sheets, bedding, pillows, 2 hairdryers, 2 flat irons and curling iron for hair,  iron with ironing board, dishes, pots, pans, cookware, utensils, night lights, laundry detergent, toilet paper, paper towels, microwave, blender, toaster oven, traditional coffee pot, Keurig coffee pot, salad spinner, and more. All you need is your personals. I live in the area very close by and I am always available and happy to assist with any needs or questions.

Guest access
The Entire Home

Other things to note
Boat rentals nearby at Blue Turtle Bay Marina on Old Hickory Lake. Two foot Party Cove is the favorite local on the water party spot for boaters, only can get to by boat.  Shutes Branch Recreational Center on Old Hickory lake near the house has picnic area, grills, bathrooms, and boat launch for public use.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 90529713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/90529713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am from New Orleans, Louisiana where I have spent most of my life. I very much love and miss that cajun/creole cuisine, and have never missed a Mardi Gras. I love the culture and Heritage of my native City, but have made myself right at home in Nashville as a singer/songwriter and love the culture here as well especially since the huge growth of Nashville in the past 5 years. Nashville is my home away from home, just as I hope my home here makes you feel like you are in your home away from home. I am a very creative person, gifted with a knack for design and color of which I love to incorporate into my home and business.  I am a trendy, hip middle aged gal who loves playing guitar, singing, performing, and just creating in general. I am passionate about wildlife and nature, and love living near the lakes where I spend much of my time on the water.
Born in the 60s
My work: Real Estate. Singer/Songwriter, former school teacher and Federal Gov employee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
225 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting