URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1768520777592629002
Latitude: 36.152
Longitude: -86.7504
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 18
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Two homes. Two rooftops. One unforgettable Nashville stay.

Romeo + Juliet brings two back-to-back 4BR/4.5BA homes together for the ultimate Nashville group trip, just 6 minutes from Broadway.

✦ 8 bedrooms | 9 bathrooms
✦ 2 private rooftop hot tubs
✦ 2 putting greens + fire pits
✦ 2 full kitchens + living spaces
✦ Ensuite bath + Smart TV in every bedroom
✦ Downtown skyline + Nissan Stadium views

Stay together—with two entire private homes to spread out.

The space
Welcome to Romeo + Juliet — two private, design-forward Nashville homes located back-to-back and reserved together exclusively for your group.

Just 6 minutes from Broadway, Romeo + Juliet gives larger groups the best of both worlds: everyone stays together while still having the space, privacy and amenities of two entire freestanding homes.

Your reservation includes both The Romeo and The Juliet — 8 bedrooms, 9 bathrooms, two kitchens, two living spaces and TWO private rooftop entertaining areas.

The homes sit directly back-to-back and have the same three-story layout, each with its own private entrance. They do not connect internally.

🌇 TWO PRIVATE ROOFTOPS

This isn’t just a place to sleep — you’re getting two entire rooftop living and entertaining spaces overlooking Nashville.

Start the morning with coffee outside, spend the afternoon putting, watch the game on the outdoor Smart TVs, have dinner outside, gather around the fire pits or end the night in the private hot tubs after Broadway.

Each rooftop includes:
• Private hot tub
• Putting green
• Outdoor Smart TV
• Fire pit + lounge seating
• Outdoor dining
• Nashville views

Juliet’s rooftop also offers incredible views of Downtown Nashville + Nissan Stadium.

🛏️ SPACE + PRIVACY FOR THE WHOLE GROUP

Across Romeo + Juliet, you’ll have 8 private bedrooms — every single one with its own ensuite bathroom — plus a half bath off the living space in each home.

Each bedroom is equipped with a Smart TV + blackout curtains + sound machine + large closet.

Both homes have the same layout:

THE ROMEO — 4 BEDROOMS | 4.5 BATHROOMS

Second Floor
Bedroom 1 → King
Bedroom 2 → King + twin trundle (2 twins)

Third Floor
Bedroom 3 → King
Bedroom 4 → 2 Queens

Main Level
Living Room → Queen Sleeper Sofa + Twin Air Mattress

THE JULIET — 4 BEDROOMS | 4.5 BATHROOMS

Second Floor
Bedroom 1 → King
Bedroom 2 → King + twin trundle (2 twins)

Third Floor
Bedroom 3 → King
Bedroom 4 → 2 Queens

Main Level
Living Room → Queen Sleeper Sofa + Twin Air Mattress

🍸 TWO MAIN LEVELS BUILT FOR GROUPS

Each home has its own open kitchen and living area, giving everyone room to gather without trying to fit your entire group into one room.

Each home features a giant oversized island + separate second bar with plenty of seating, a spacious living room, electric fireplace and 55” Smart TV.

Whether you’re having breakfast before Broadway, ordering in after a night downtown or bringing in a private chef, you’ll have two complete kitchens and two gathering spaces to make a large-group stay easy.

☕ COFFEE, COVERED

Each home has its own stocked coffee bar with a Keurig, pods, creamer pods, sugar packets and sugar-free syrup.

Prefer a full pot? Both homes also have a drip coffee maker + filters — just bring your favorite ground coffee.

✨ THOUGHTFUL DETAILS

We stock both homes with the things that make traveling with a group easier: premium Turkish cotton towels, shampoo + conditioner + body wash, makeup remover wipes + makeup washcloths, hair dryers and extra toothbrushes.

You’ll also have four separate washer + dryer areas across the two homes with laundry pods + dryer sheets, plus clothing steamers.

🚗 FREE PARKING

Free street parking is available on both sides of the street directly outside the homes — no garage fees or daily parking charges.

❤️ TWO HOMES. ONE RESERVATION.

Romeo + Juliet was made for the group that wants to stay together without having to squeeze together. You’ll have both homes, both rooftops and all amenities exclusively for your group throughout your stay.

Guest access
Guests have exclusive, private access to both The Romeo and The Juliet during their stay — two complete, freestanding homes reserved together exclusively for your group. There are no shared interior spaces or common areas.

The homes are located directly back-to-back, each with its own private entrance. They do not connect internally, so guests will enter each home separately.

Enjoy all 3 levels of both homes, including a combined 8 bedrooms, 9 bathrooms, 2 kitchens, 2 living spaces, 4 laundry areas and 2 private rooftops. Each rooftop has its own hot tub, putting green, outdoor dining, lounge area, fire table and Smart TV.

Both homes offer completely private self check-in with keypad entry. Unique door codes and full arrival instructions for each home will be provided on the day of check-in.

Free street parking is available on either side of the street.

Each home has 3 stories of living space, plus an additional staircase leading to its private rooftop.

Other things to note
THE DEJA VU HOSPITALITY EXPERIENCE

We believe where you stay should be part of the trip — not just where you sleep.

As a guest of Deja Vu Hospitality, you’ll have access to our Preferred Partner Network, created to make planning an elevated Nashville stay easier.

Want a private chef dinner at the house?

Planning a pool day?

Need private transportation for your group?

Want celebration décor waiting when you arrive?

We’ve got you covered.

Our Preferred Partner Network includes options for:

Private chefs
Private transportation
Pool experiences
Celebration + party décor
Amenity rentals
Pre-arrival experiences
And more

Tell us what you’re planning and we’ll help connect you with our trusted Nashville partners.

The Romeo Permit #2026067358
The Juliet Permit #2026067410

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Deja Vu Hospitality
Host User ID: 455063541
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/455063541
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! We’re Chris and Claire, founders of Deja Vu Hospitality. What you’ll experience as a guest is deeply personal to us because it’s exactly how we’ve built this company. We still lead the design, shape the guest experience, and stay closely involved in every home we welcome into our portfolio. We believe thoughtful design and genuine hospitality go hand in hand, and we’re grateful to share what we’ve built with every guest who stays with us.
Born in the 90s
My work: Founder, Deja Vu
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
722 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting