URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1142679131905397305
Latitude: 36.1538
Longitude: -86.7753
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
NEWLY REDESIGNED!!

Welcome to CASH’S Corner — a stylish Nashville retreat inspired by the Man in Black. Enjoy panoramic city views, curated décor, and subtle nods to Johnny Cash throughout the space. Whether you’re a fan or simply seeking a unique stay in Music City, CASH’S Corner offers a memorable, one-of-a-kind experience.

The space
SUMMER DATES FILLING UP FAST!  CLAIM YOURS BEFORE SOMEONE ELSE DOES!

Check us out:
IG | @stayjetsetting

KEY FEATURES:
•	2 luxurious bedrooms, 2 king beds, 1 queen sleeper sofa
•	2 spacious full bathrooms
•	Full kitchen with stainless steel appliances
•	Cozy living room with sleeper sofa, loveseat + flat screen TV
•	Vinyl record player with Bluetooth speaker
•	Panoramic views of Music City
•	Shared common areas as POOL, sky lounge, fitness center
•	In unit washer + dryer
•	Safe, convenient location just blocks from BROADWAY
•      Kosho (Japanese cuisine) and Tipsy Scoops on the lower level of our building for dining and/or a late night treat!
•	FREE designated parking

What our guests say about our rental:

"Booked this for my birthday weekend getaway - perfect setup for two couples. Loved the amenities and building. I especially thought the building was very secure, better than hotels I’ve stayed at locally but was able to easily get door dash and Instacart. The view was incredible gorgeous decor - as a Zach Bryan fan I was blown away! Such attention to detail. I’ve stayed in many air bnbs and this one takes the cake. Hosts were incredibly responsive and helpful with whatever we needed. We cannot wait to come back — and have shared the listing with friends like - book this for your next trip to Nashville!" -- Christen

NEWLY REDESIGNED! 

Welcome to CASH’S Corner — a one-of-a-kind Nashville retreat celebrating the legacy, love story, and iconic grit of Johnny Cash. Perched in the heart of Music City, this uniquely curated stay invites you to step into the world of the Man in Black through thoughtful design, storytelling décor, and panoramic views of downtown.

From the moment you walk in, you’ll feel the soul of Cash’s music woven into every detail.  The living space features warm textures, rustic-modern accents, vintage touches, and Johnny Cash–inspired décor that sets the tone for your Nashville escape. Spin records on the Victrola, connect to the Marshall Bluetooth speaker, or simply unwind as the city lights glow through the floor-to-ceiling windows.

Each bedroom tells a chapter of Johnny Cash’s life and legacy:

	•	The Folsom Room pays tribute to his groundbreaking Folsom Prison performances with bold artwork, subtle industrial elements, and storytelling pieces that honor the music that changed American history.

	•	The June Room is softer, romantic, and timeless — a nod to the love, grace, and muse who walked beside him. It’s warm, elegant, and designed to feel like a sanctuary.

With two king beds and a queen sleeper sofa, CASH’S Corner comfortably sleeps six. Crisp linens, plush pillows, and boutique-level touches ensure you rest well between nights out in the city.

The kitchen blends modern convenience with Nashville charm. Stainless steel appliances, plush black velvet barstools, beautiful lighting, and all the essentials you need to cook, gather, and make memories fill the space.

Looking for the full Nashville experience? Live music, honky-tonks, restaurants, and iconic landmarks are minutes away — yet your stay feels peaceful and private high above the streets below.

At night, soak up the skyline, take your photo in front of our one-of-a-kind murals, and embrace the spirit of the Man in Black.

CASH’S Corner is more than a place to stay — it’s a tribute, a story, and an unforgettable boutique Nashville experience.
Book your stay today and step into the world of Johnny & June, rewritten for a new era.

Guest access
Guests will be able to access the entire apartment plus the common areas and building amenities such as the fitness center, lounge, and pool.

Other things to note
Just a quick heads up, as also stated in our house rules, we have a simple, personalized rental agreement for you to sign within 48 hours of booking.  Please click the link provided in your confirmation message from us to review and sign before check-in. It’s nothing scary, just a little housekeeping to keep everything smooth and stress-free. Note: check in information won’t be sent without completing these steps, and refunds aren’t possible if skipped.  Let us know if you have any questions—we’re happy to help! :)

You can rest easy knowing your stay is covered with $1,500 in "All-Risk" damage protection.  Although rare, accidental damage from guests does happen.  Traditionally, this was managed via a security deposit or vacation rental damage insurance purchased by the guest.  Both are cumbersome and often have limitations in protection.  With "all-risk" protection, all accidental damage from a guest is covered unless it's specifically excluded such as, normal wear and tear, infestation, or prior damage.  This is covered under a $35 management fee included in the transaction for your stay. 
 Relax and enjoy your stay!! It's vacation time, so enjoy it with the peace of mind knowing that if an accident happens and damage occurs, you are protected under Waivo!

Registration or installation of additional apps is permitted where it’s required for legal or compliance reasons which a Host can verify in writing upon request by Airbnb (such as building security rules).  In such instances, Hosts must include information about what is required, and why, in their guest-facing listing description, so guests understand this additional step is a requirement prior to booking.  To register for these additional apps, an email address from the primary guest is required.

STR2022059342

Registration Details
2022059342

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Josh
Host User ID: 520042087
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/520042087
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
As a dedicated AirBnb Superhost, my wife, Jessica, and I really enjoy creating seamless stays and unforgettable memories for our guests and their families. With years of managing top-rated properties, we focus on exceptional experiences, clear communication, and thoughtful touches that make everyone feel at home. Whether it’s a cozy getaway or a luxury retreat, we ensure every detail exceeds expectations.
Born in the 80s
My work: Law Enforcement
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
263 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting