URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/4067086
Latitude: 36.1439
Longitude: -86.7623
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Urban, a pet-friendly 3-bedroom Nashville retreat just 5 minutes from Downtown and Broadway. Perfect for families, friends, business travelers, and extended stays, this comfortable home sleeps up to 6 guests and features free parking, a fully equipped kitchen, and a charming outdoor patio with string lights for relaxing after a day exploring Music City.

The space
The Urban is a thoughtfully designed art district retreat that blends modern comfort with unique handcrafted details. Featuring an open-concept floor plan with exposed post-and-beam framing, handmade open shelving, custom concrete countertops, and artistic touches throughout, the home offers a distinctive Nashville experience that feels both stylish and inviting.

With 3 bedrooms and accommodations for up to 6 guests, The Urban is perfect for families, friends, business travelers, and extended stays. The fully equipped kitchen, comfortable living spaces, and high-speed WiFi provide everything you need to relax and feel at home.

Step outside to enjoy the private patio strung with café lights—an ideal spot to unwind with a drink, share a meal, or plan your next Nashville adventure.

Conveniently located just minutes from Downtown Nashville, Broadway, SoBro, the Arts District, East Nashville, The Gulch, and GEODIS Park, you'll have easy access to some of Music City's best restaurants, live music venues, breweries, shopping, and attractions while still enjoying a comfortable neighborhood setting.

Whether you're visiting for a concert, sporting event, work trip, or weekend getaway, The Urban provides the perfect home base for exploring Nashville.

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the entire home during their stay, including all three bedrooms, bathroom, living area, fully equipped kitchen, and outdoor patio.

Enjoy convenient self check-in with a personalized door code that will be provided prior to your arrival. Free on-site parking is available for guests.

Make yourself at home and enjoy all the comforts and amenities The Urban has to offer while exploring Nashville.

Please note that any locked storage areas or utility spaces are reserved for owner use and are not accessible to guests.

Other things to note
**Other Things to Note**

• The front door features an automatic locking system for guest security. It will lock approximately 30 seconds after being fully closed. If you hear a clicking sound, the door may not be completely shut—simply pull it closed firmly until it latches.

• Check-in begins at 3:00 PM and check-out is at 11:00 AM. These times allow our cleaning team sufficient time to thoroughly prepare the home for each guest. We kindly ask that you respect these arrival and departure times.

• The Urban is located on a quiet residential street near a local elementary school, church, and long-time neighborhood residents. The area offers a mix of established homes and ongoing revitalization that reflects the growth and evolution occurring throughout many Nashville neighborhoods.

• While some nearby restaurants and attractions are within a short drive, we recommend using a vehicle, Uber, or Lyft to explore Nashville comfortably and make the most of your visit.

• As with many urban neighborhoods close to Downtown Nashville, you may occasionally experience normal city sounds, traffic, or neighborhood activity.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jacob
Host User ID: 9596278
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/9596278
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome! My team and I would like to welcome you to our charming air bnbs!  We aim to make your stay at our houses and your time a memorable one! Please contact us with any questions you may have and we look forward to having you!
Where I went to school: UCSD
My work: I am an Entrepreneur
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
3357 reviews
4.72 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting