URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1228421178096378344
Latitude: 36.16646
Longitude: -86.85763
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
🏠 Welcome to The StayNation!
Stylish 3-bedroom townhome in Nashville's trendy 'The Nations' neighborhood
📍 Walkable to 20+Restaurants & Breweries ~ ONLY 13 mins to Downtown
🚲4 Performance Road Bikes w/ Helmets
🎯 High-End Shuffleboard Table
🏓 Light-Up Party/Fun Ping Pong Table
🖥️ Designated Office Area for Work or Play
🌳 Shaded Outdoor Sitting Area
🌞 Tons of Natural Light, Roku TV's in Every Room, and Ample Relaxation
🛏️ Cozy Bedrooms with 2 Full Bathrooms & 2 Half Bathrooms

The space
Welcome to StayNation! Your Stylish Nashville Retreat!

Location: The Nations, Nashville

3 Bedroom, 2 Full Bathroom, 2 Half Bathroom Townhome
Sleeps: 10

About the Space:

The StayNation! This unique 3 BR/2 Full and 2 Half BA home comfortably sleeps 10 guests in a spacious layout. Residents in this hot part of town are young families and professionals who prefer the convenience of being close to downtown yet enjoy residing in a laid-back, quiet, and safe atmosphere. You are 13 mins from downtown, 20 mins to the airport, and walking distance to over 20 restaurants and breweries, plus a growing list of spots in one of the hottest growing neighborhoods in Music City!

Ground Floor:

Front Foyer: Upon arrival, you’ll be welcomed by a generous foyer with space to hang up your belongings and a comfortable bench to wait on rides or just unwind. To the right, access the spacious garage featuring road bikes, a NEW fun light-up ping pong table, a refrigerator equip with water, and a handy half bathroom.

Garage & Outdoor Lounge: Park up to 2 cars in the covered garage and take advantage of our 4 street bikes with safety helmets to roam around the streets of The Nations.  Enjoy the private outdoor lounge area just outside the garage, complete with Adirondack chairs, a table, and a view of a stunning Nashville mural. Additional outdoor seating is available near the front door for a comfortable wait.

Second Floor:

Living Area/Kitchen/Dining: This open, naturally lit, airy floor is designed for both leisure and entertainment. Watch the big game or your favorite movies on live TV or streaming services, and challenge your group to a game of shuffleboard on our high-end professional table. The floor also features a well-equipped kitchen with abundant cabinet and pantry space, stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, and an island bar for extra seating. The adjacent dining area is perfect for family dinners and game nights. A laundry room and a half bathroom are also conveniently located on this floor.

Third Floor:

Master Bedroom: Enjoy a king bed with a large HD TV, bedside tables with charging ports, a walk-in closet, and a dedicated workspace complete with a desk, wireless printer/scanner, and office chair. The en suite full bathroom is bright with natural light which includes a large shower and double sink vanity.

Bedroom Two: Ideal for those who prefer to sleep in, this room features a queen bed, side tables with charging ports, an HD TV with streaming services, and a private closet. The darkening blinds ensure a restful night’s sleep. A Jack and Jill bathroom connects this bedroom to bedroom three, featuring a well water-pressured shower and tub combo, along with a vanity providing ample space for guest's belongings. 

Bedroom Three: Freshly painted and bathed in natural light from large corner windows, this bedroom includes two wood side tables with charging ports, HD Roku TV, a private closet, and ample space for relaxation.

Neighborhood Highlights-

Local Attractions:

BNA Airport: 14 Miles, 20 Minute Drive
Broadway: 5.6 Miles, 14 Minute Drive
The Gulch: 5.2 Miles, 12 Minute Drive
Nissan Stadium: 6.4 Miles, 13 Minute Drive
Music City Center: 6.2 Miles, 13 Minute Drive
Bridgestone Arena: 6.0 Miles, 14 Minute Drive
12 South Shopping: 6.1 Miles, 13 Minute Drive

Local Favorites:
Red Bicycle Coffee: 0.8 Miles, 15 Minute Walk
West Park: 0.3 Miles, 8 Minute Walk
L & L Market: 2 Miles, 4 Minute Drive
Turnip Truck: 1.1 Mile, 20 Minute Walk
Bringles BBQ: 0.8 Miles, 15 Minute Walk

House Features:

High-Speed Google Fiber WiFi
King bed in master bedroom
2 Queen beds
3 air mattresses (one in each bedroom closet, one of the air mattresses sleeps 2 people)
2 Full bathrooms, 2 Half bathrooms
Off-street parking in garage and driveway
Free street parking available
Fully stocked gourmet kitchen with coffee maker and Keurig pod brewer
HD TVs in living room and all bedrooms
Shuffleboard table
Dedicated workspace
Pack 'n Play travel crib
Shampoo, body wash, conditioner, and hair dryers in all bathrooms
Smart Home Nest Central Heat & Air
Iron and ironing board
Fire extinguisher and smoke alarms
Front porch bench and Adirondack chairs
Additional chairs available

Getting Around:

The neighborhood is highly walkable with sidewalks throughout. Street parking is plentiful, and Uber/Lyft services are readily available. For pet owners, pets may be allowed at the owner's discretion (maximum of 2 pets). Please ensure pets do not damage furniture and are always on a leash when outside.

Please Note:

Treat the home with care. Report any damages immediately.
A $50 fee applies for any linen damage, including stains and bodily fluids.
Please do not unplug any electrical devices.
Book your stay at StayNation for a truly memorable Nashville experience!

Guest access
You will have access to the entire house (excluding a couple of closets), the garage, and the outdoor lounging areas. A door code will be provided for check-in, and a garage door remote will be sitting on the bench for you in the front foyer.

Other things to note
$100 Lost Garage Door Remote Fee

Garage Door Opener
A garage door opener is provided for your convenience during your stay. Please be sure to leave it in the house at checkout. If the opener is missing or not returned, a $100 replacement fee will be charged to cover the cost of replacement and reprogramming.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dustin
Host User ID: 31301550
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/31301550
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi I'm Dustin! 

I’m a dedicated Property Manager and Host with 18 years of experience living in Nashville, where I’ve fallen in love with the vibrant music scene and the ever-growing community of tourism. My top priority is ensuring your stay is seamless, so I promise prompt responses to all your inquiries and questions. I’m here to make your visit as enjoyable and stress-free as possible, so please let me know how I can best serve you. 
Cheers!
Born in the 80s
My work: Property Management
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
223 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting