URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1313107228006022916
Latitude: 36.19703348713898
Longitude: -86.6314034050408
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Looking for a place to stay in Nashville?

Look no further! Our cozy and convenient space is perfect for making your trip seamless and fun. We’re just 15 minutes from the airport, 20 minutes from vibrant East Nashville, and about 20 minutes from downtown. Plus, we’re only 15 minutes from the iconic Grand Ole Opry—perfect for catching a show or taking a backstage tour. Come stay with us and enjoy easy access to all the best Nashville has to offer. Hope to see you soon!

The space
This is the downstairs level of a split-level home—essentially a private guest suite with its own entrance through the back door, which leads through the garage. The garage is the only shared space, so you may see us there occasionally as we come and go, but otherwise the space is completely separate. We live upstairs and won’t be in your area during your stay.

Inside, you’ll find:

-1 bedroom with a queen bed

-A private bathroom

-A living room with a queen-size pull-out sofa bed (sleeps 2), a kitchenette, and a table that seats 4

There’s also a backyard area with a table and umbrella for hanging out. Plenty of parking is available behind the house if needed. It’s a clean, comfortable, and private space with everything you need for a relaxed stay.

🏡 Please Note:
We live upstairs, so we cannot guarantee complete silence. You will hear us walking around, getting ready for work in the mornings, and opening the garage door when we leave. Sometimes we come home late at night. We always do our best to respect your privacy and follow quiet hours, and we appreciate your understanding in return. Just know—you will hear us from time to time. Thanks!

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire downstairs suite—including the bedroom, bathroom, living room, kitchenette, and backyard area with the table and umbrella. The only shared space is the garage, which you’ll use to enter and exit. You may see us there occasionally, but the rest of the suite and backyard are all yours to enjoy privately.

Please note: Washer and dryer are not available for guest use.

Other things to note
We live in this home, so please treat it with respect. No parties or loud music—feel free to listen to music but keep the volume reasonable at all times. We ask that you honor quiet hours and be considerate of our neighbors and neighborhood.

We do not allow pets, but we welcome guests with service animals. Please let us know in advance if you have a service animal so we can be prepared and ensure a comfortable stay.

In case of a tornado warning:
The safest place to take shelter is the closet in the guest bedroom of the Airbnb. This is where both guests and hosts will gather if a tornado warning is issued. Please follow all local alerts and instructions for your safety.

Please note: The tornado sirens in our neighborhood are tested on the first Saturday of every month—don’t be alarmed if you hear them then!

Please note: The washer and dryer are not available for guest use and are reserved for our personal use.

Please communicate openly if you have any questions, concerns, or issues during your stay. We want you to have a great Nashville experience and are here to help!

Registration Details
2020076000

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Ryan
Host User ID: 69568571
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/69568571
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Ryan!  I live and work in Nashville, Tennessee with my wife Sheyla.  I enjoy traveling, cooking, exercising, electric guitar, yoga, and teaching (I teach high school in Nashville’s public school system).  We really hope you enjoy our place!  We’ve tried to make it welcoming, cozy, relaxing, and we hope that it ultimately makes your stay here in Nashville excellent!  Please reach out if you have any questions.  I look forward to your stay!
Born in the 90s
My work: Teacher
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a day
Superhost
6 years hosting
144 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting