URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1637794217593097861
Latitude: 36.159
Longitude: -86.8492
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Funky Nashville home with murals 🎨, a siiiick game room + karaoke stage 🎤. In super walkable Nations neighborhood just 7 minutes to Broadway! 4 bedrooms, 4.5 bathrooms, 6 beds - sleeps 12!

The space
Welcome to Nashville! We’re Tyler & Eliana and we are SO excited to host you! 🧡

We may be biased, but this house is AWESOME. We put a lot of sweat and tears (seriously…) into making it into a place that is comfortable, sparks joy, and has everything you will need for a 🔥visit! 

There’s 6 queen beds across 4 bedrooms, 4.5 bathrooms so plenty of room for sharing, a ton of funky murals which are perfect for photo backdrops, a big round dining table for group meals, and a siiiiiick game room with your very own karaoke stage 🎤, claw machine, and skee-ball! 🎉

All that, and it’s centrally located in the Nations which is one of Nashville’s most walkable neighborhoods. It’s why we’ve lived in the area for 3 years and still do! 

Grab your morning fix at 51st Deli or Frothy Monkey, check out Southern Grist or Fat Bottom Brewing for local beers, hit up the iconic Nation’s Bar for live music, or treat yourself to a Jeni’s Ice Cream run because calories don’t count when you’re traveling. We're just steps away from Maggie's Place with a great Happy Hour, and the best wings in town at Chex! 

Oh AND it’s only 7 minutes to Broadway!! 

Alright, now for all the details! 

— 

🎯 First Floor
Karaoke stage
Skee-ball + claw machine
Bedroom with two queen beds
Two full bathrooms (very helpful when everyone’s getting ready!)

🍽️ Second Floor
Fully stocked kitchen 
Dining room (my personal favorite room in the house!) 
Living room with an 85” TV
1/2 bathroom 

🛏️ Third Floor
Primary bedroom with two queen beds + en-suite
Two additional bedrooms, each with one queen bed
One more full bathroom in the hallway - shared between the two bedrooms
Washer & Dryer 

🌿 A few things to know
The house is bright, colorful, and has murals throughout
There are multiple spaces to hang out (which makes group trips easier)
It’s a multi-level home, so there are stairs

🚗 Parking + Entry
Free street parking nearby (generally easy to find! Lots on Michigan Ave.)
Keyless entry with a code 

🧴 Starter supplies
We’ll have you set up with:
- Toilet paper (2 rolls per bathroom)
- Paper towels
- Coffee + tea
- Basic cleaning supplies

If you’re staying longer, you may want to grab extras, but if something’s missing, just let us know. We’re nearby and happy to help.

🚫 House rules
- No pets
- No smoking
- No confetti 
- Please be respectful of neighbors and keep noise at a reasonable level at night

🔒 Safety
Exterior cameras may be present (none inside)

STR Permit #2025093098

We really want you to have a great stay here! If you have ANY questions at all before or during your trip, just reach out. We’re happy to help!

Guest access
Guests will have full private access to the entire home during their stay.

Other things to note
🏡 This home is located in a residential neighborhood. Please be respectful of neighbors and observe quiet hours.

🪜 The home is multi-level and requires using stairs between floors.

🧻 We provide a starter set of essentials (toilet paper, paper towels, coffee, etc.), but for longer stays you may want to bring additional supplies.

🚗 Free street parking is available nearby and is typically easy to find, but it is not reserved.

🎨 The home features custom murals and artwork. Please treat them with care. Any damage beyond normal wear may result in repair charges.

🔒 Exterior security cameras may be present for safety (no indoor cameras).

🚭🐾 This is a non-smoking, no-pets property.

👋 The primary guest must be the person booking the reservation. A government-issued ID matching the reservation name may be required before check-in.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Eliana
Host User ID: 196704641
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/196704641
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Helloooo, I’m Eliana! I'm originally from Boston, but I've lived in Nashville for 6 years - both downtown and in The Nations - so I know all the best bars and restaurants and love to share recs! 

My husband and I bought a house in our neighborhood and have spent the last year turning it into the PERFECT home away from home for you! It's truly been a labor of love (and sweat! And paint!)!
Born in the 90s
My work: Startups & Momming!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 months hosting
24 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
5 months of hosting