URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1574126682004304684
Latitude: 36.07584873399902
Longitude: -86.71261921532248
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy upscale comfort in this stylish Nashville townhouse, ideal for gathering with family or friends. The home features a modern kitchen with premium appliances, chic living spaces, and smart-home touches throughout. Each bedroom includes a private en-suite bath for added privacy. Relax by the fireplace or take in city views from the rooftop hot tub. Located near top dining, live music, and cultural attractions, it’s a perfect home base for exploring Nashville.

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.

DISCLAIMER: Our rooftop hot tubs are regularly maintained to ensure they are clean and ready for use at check-in. In the unlikely event that additional maintenance is needed during your stay, our team may need to access the rooftop through the unit’s front door. By booking this property, you acknowledge and agree to provide access when necessary.

ACCESS TYPE: 
▻ Guest will have access to the entire 4 floors and a garage for parking. There's also an available community parking lot for additional parking beyond the garage.

PROPERTY LAYOUT:

FIRST FLOOR
▻ Bedroom 1: King bed, smart TV, closet, attached private en-suite bathroom
▻ Bathroom 1 - Toilet, shower, bathtub (en-suite to Bedroom 1)
▻ With ample board games and card games available for you to enjoy!

SECOND FLOOR
▻ Living room: Smart TV, Fire place, Couch with a queen pullout
▻ Kitchen: Stove, oven, microwave, fridge, freezer, air fryer, Keurig coffee maker, drip coffee machine
▻ Dining room: 6-seater dining table
▻ Half bathroom 1: clean and spacious toilet

THIRD FLOOR
▻ Private patio with outdoor seating 
▻ Bedroom 2: King bed, smart TV, closet, attached private en-suite bathroom (Bathroom 2)
▻ Bedroom 3:  Full-sized bunk bed, smart TV, closet, attached private en-suite bathroom (Bathroom 3)
▻ Bathroom 2: Toilet, shower, dual vanity (En-suite to Bedroom 2)
▻ Bathroom 3: Toilet, shower, dual vanity (En-suite to Bedroom 3)

FOURTH FLOOR
▻ Rooftop Living Space: Hot tub, Smart TV, firepit, grill

HIGHLIGHTS:
▻ Features a private rooftop with hot tub, BBQ, smart TV, and outdoor seating, a kitchen stocked with cooking essentials, cozy living room with fireplace, bassinet, highchair, baby gates, plenty of board games for the family, and private parking.

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ This is a 4-story house with multiple bedrooms and amenities spread across all floors, connected by steep staircases. Please note that navigating between floors requires getting up to multiple flights of stairs, which may be challenging for guests with mobility concerns or those traveling with heavy luggage.

Guest access
PARKING:
▻ Guest will have access to the private garage. There's also an available community parking lot for additional parking beyond the garage.

ENTERING THE HOME:
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES:
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee.
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings.
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs.
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500.
▻ NO pets allowed. Undisclosed pets will result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

By booking this property, you agree to follow all rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation.

POLICIES:
▻ Hot Tub Reminder- The hot tub is here for your enjoyment, please take good care of it and follow the rules provided. This helps us keep it clean and ready for everyone. A $500 fee may apply if guidelines aren’t followed.
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available).
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access.
▻ Late Check-Out – Late check-out is not guaranteed and requires host approval. Standard checkout applies unless approved. To guarantee a later stay, book the next night if available. Unauthorized late check-outs incurs violation fees.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ Pet Policy – NO pets allowed. Undisclosed pets will result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.
▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy.
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item)
▻ Cancellation - Cancellation refunds will be based on your booking's cancellation policy
▻ There are exterior cameras installed above the front doors, overlooking the hallway to the entrance. It is on and recording 24/7 to help ensure the safety of you and the property during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1662 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting