URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/3123909
Latitude: 36.181475866595456
Longitude: -86.79045905087428
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy Nashville in style from this spacious 4‑BR, 2.5‑bath retreat in trendy Salemtown/Germantown. Sleeps 8–10 guests with plush beds, TVs in every room, high‑speed Wi‑Fi, and a fully stocked kitchen. Relax on the private deck or stroll to award‑winning restaurants, coffee shops, breweries, and boutiques. Quick ride to Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, or the Ryman Auditorium. Perfect for families, groups, and friends looking for comfort, convenience, and an authentic Nashville stay.

The space
Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway — a spacious and stylish 4‑bedroom, 2.5‑bath home (nearly 2,400 sq. ft.) in the heart of Salemtown/Germantown, one of the city’s most vibrant and walkable neighborhoods. Just minutes from Broadway’s live music scene, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, and the Ryman Auditorium, this home offers the perfect balance of comfort, convenience, and Nashville charm.

Spacious & Inviting Living Areas
Step inside to an open‑concept main floor with gleaming hardwood floors, abundant natural light, and modern yet cozy décor. The living room invites you to sink into plush seating for a movie night on the smart TV (with cable and streaming), or enjoy game night with friends and family.

Gourmet‑Ready Kitchen & Dining
The fully stocked kitchen is perfect for cooking at home — complete with stainless steel appliances, drip coffee maker, cookware, utensils, and ample counter space. Gather around the dining table for six or enjoy quick bites at the four‑seat breakfast bar.

Comfortable Bedrooms for Restful Nights
Upstairs, each bedroom offers a plush pillow‑top mattress and its own TV — so everyone can unwind in comfort.
	•	Bedroom 1 – King bed, ensuite access
	•	Bedroom 2 – Queen bed
	•	Bedroom 3 – Full bed
	•	Bedroom 4 – Full sofa bed
	•	Extra guests? Air mattress and bedding are available

Modern Bathrooms with Luxurious Touches
Both full bathrooms are designed for comfort and convenience:
	•	Master Bathroom – Large walk‑in shower and jetted Jacuzzi tub, perfect for unwinding after exploring Nashville.
	•	Guest Bathroom – Combination tub and shower, ideal for families or guests who prefer a soak.
Fresh towels, starter toiletries, and stylish finishes are provided in every bathroom.

Outdoor Deck & Neighborhood Vibe
Relax on the back deck with a morning coffee or evening cocktail. Grill up a Nashville BBQ feast or simply people‑watch in the friendly neighborhood. You’ll be surrounded by tree‑lined streets, colorful murals, and a mix of historic charm and new development.

Prime Location
	•	Walkable to Germantown and Salemtown restaurants, coffee shops, breweries, and boutiques
	•	5 min drive to Broadway, Ryman Auditorium, and the Country Music Hall of Fame
	•	7 min drive to Nissan Stadium, Broadway & Bridgestone Arena
	•	15 min drive to Nashville International Airport

Whether you’re here for a concert, bachelorette weekend, sports event, or foodie adventure, this home offers a true Nashville experience — stylish, spacious, and close to everything.

Guest access
Entire home excluding use of garage. 

Plenty of FREE street parking is available in front of the house. Please do not park in the back of the house. The driveway is shared and it can be congested.

Other things to note
*Please have the entire group read the House Rules BEFORE arriving.

*For security, the front and back entrances are under video surveillance.

*While I want you to have a great time, parties, gatherings, loud music, or any behavior disturbing the neighbors or neighborhood will not be tolerated. If you’re looking for a place to play beer pong across the dining room table, this isn’t the house for you!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Blake
Host User ID: 7961115
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/7961115
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I love traveling, football, wine & cooking. Foodie.  I'm originally from Atlanta but Nashville has been my stomping ground for a long time so I can provide lots of info on many of the cities hidden gems.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Vanderbilt
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
346 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting