URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1252218941241695239
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Saddle Society! Located in downtown Nashville! Grab your boys or your besties and get ready for an unforgettable stay in our vibrant funky retreat! Bursting with colour and personality, the space is perfect for friends looking to explore Nashville while making memories together. 

Just two blocks south of Broadway, you’ll be steps away from the Honky- Tonks, Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, and the Music City Center.

---

STR #2018073894

The space
This space features three cozy beds, a makeup/get-ready station, and a private balcony. Enjoy resort-style amenities, including a stunning pool, a sky lounge, and an outdoor terrace with cabanas and grilling areas complete with fire pits. For fitness enthusiasts, there’s a well-equipped gym with dedicated spin and yoga rooms. Plus, the two-story clubhouse is ideal for entertaining or co-working. This retreat offers everything you’ll need for a memorable stay!

Sleeping arrangements:
🛏️ 1 Queen Bed 
🛏️ 1 Queen Bed

Suite Features: 
✨Steps away from Honky Tonks, Bridgestone Arena, and the Music City Center
💄Dedicated make up room with four vanities
🌇Private balcony
📸Full length mirrors
🥘fully equipped kitchen with Keutog coffee maker, bar cart and more.
🛜High speed Internet
📺Samsung frame TV
🧺In unit, washer and dryer

Community amenities
🏊Heated pool (10am to 8pm)
👙Resort style cabanas
🤸‍♀️Gym with rock climbing wall
🌉Lounge with panoramic views (10am to 10pm)
📈Coworker space for productivity
🛎️On site concierge service
👮On site security
🛄Baggage drop off service available 9:30am - 4:30pm - except for major holidays.

Location points of interest
🎸Broadway Honky Tonks – 5 minute walk 
🏟️Bridgestone Arena – 5 minute walk
🎶Music city centre – 2 minute walk
🏈Nissan Stadium - 10 minute walk 
🛍️The Gulch dining and shopping - 5 minute walk
🏛️Country music Hall of Fame- 3  minute walk
🎤Ryman Auditorium - 10 minute walk 
🎼Printers Alley- 10 minute walk 
🎟️Ascend Amphitheater 10 minute walk 
✈️Nashville International Airport - 10 minute drive

Guest access
We utilize the LATCH APP, which requires a smart phone, bluetooth. Further detailed instructions will be provided at the time of booking.

Other things to note
Other things to note:
🦮No Pets
🏊‍♂️Pool Access: 10am to 8PM
🎧Noise Advisory: During peak hours, there may be increased level of noise. 
🤫Quiet Hours: 10PM to 7AM
🅿️Parking: FREE
🕐Early Check-in: Available for $50 per hour (maximum 2 hours), subject to availability. 
🕚Late Check-out: Available $50 per hour (maximum 2 hours), subjected to availability. 
🛅Luggage Service: Paid bellhop service is available in the lobby for luggage drop-off ($5 per item) 
🚭Smoke free community
🚫No Partying

Location Disclaimer: 
Please be aware that this building is centrally located downtown Nashville. We do not have control over external factors such as noise, private or public events, or construction that may occur during your stay. Building management oversees pool, gym, and common area access, as well as maintenance of appliances and apartment conditions (plumbing, electrical, HVAC, drywall, etc.) They address any issues according to their protocol. While we strive to provide an exceptional experience, some aspects are beyond our control. 

We are dedicated to ensuring your stay is outstanding, focusing on everything within our ability to provide a memorable time in Nashville! Please feel free to contact us with any questions or assistance you may need. Your comfort and satisfaction are our top priorities.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Nina
Host User ID: 202884824
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/202884824
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
With a passion for hospitality and a touch of camaraderie, we've teamed up to create a home away from home for guests like you!  We were inspired by our own quest for comfort while traveling and are always looking to make you feel as comfortable as possible.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Ottawa U
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
137 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting