URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1470229713421562110
Latitude: 36.1459
Longitude: -86.8133
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 10
beds: 14
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Triple Combo at 115 28th Ave, a set of three spacious apartments ideal for large groups visiting Nashville! Located just steps from Centennial Park, The Parthenon, and Vanderbilt University, this centrally located retreat offers the perfect balance of comfort, space, and walkability.

The space
Whether you're here for a family trip, group getaway, or business stay, you'll love the convenience and privacy of having three fully equipped units under one booking.

Combo Listing – Units 101, 201 & 301

Perfect for large groups looking to stay together while still enjoying privacy. This combo offers multiple living spaces, private bedrooms, and ensuite bathrooms throughout.

🏢 Unit 301
🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements:

Bedroom 1: King-size bed, TV, ensuite bathroom with shower

Bedroom 2: Queen-size bed + twin daybed, TV, ceiling fan, ensuite bathroom with shower

Bedroom 3: Two full-size beds, TV, desk, ensuite bathroom with shower

Each bedroom is outfitted with plush bedding, stylish décor, and ample storage to ensure a comfortable and restful stay.

🏢 Unit 201
🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements:

Bedroom 1: King-size bed + ottoman that converts into a twin bed, TV, ensuite bathroom with shower

Bedroom 2: Full-size bunk bed + queen bed, TV, ceiling fan, ensuite bathroom with shower

Bedroom 3: Queen-size bed, TV, desk & chair, ensuite bathroom with shower

🛋️ Additional Sleeping Options:

Living room futon-style couch

One ottoman that converts into a twin bed

Each bedroom features plush bedding, stylish décor, and plenty of storage for a relaxing stay.

🏢 Unit 101
🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements:

Bedroom 1: Full-size bunk bed + twin bed, TV, ensuite bathroom with shower

Bedroom 2: King-size bed, TV, ensuite bathroom with shower

Bedroom 3: Queen-size bed, TV, ensuite bathroom with shower

Bedroom 4: Queen-size bed, TV

Each bedroom includes plush bedding, stylish décor, and ample storage to ensure restful nights for all guests.

Starter Amenities Provided:

•2 Toilet paper rolls per bathroom
•2 Rolls of paper towels
•1 Cleaning sponge
•1 travel-sized bar soap and shampoo
•A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of grounds

📍 Prime Location
🌳 Walk to Centennial Park, The Parthenon, Vanderbilt
🍽️ Surrounded by local restaurants, cafés, shops, bars, and venues
🎶 5–10 min drive to Broadway, The Gulch, Midtown, and Music Row

🚗 Parking & Access
•Shared back lot parking (first-come, first-served)
•Plenty of free street parking
•Rear entrance access only via walk-through from the front
•Units on 2nd and 3rd floors—stairs required (no elevator)

✅ Book your stay at 115 28th Ave – Triple Combo and enjoy spacious comfort, unbeatable walkability, and all that Nashville has to offer—right at your doorstep!
Let me know if you'd like Airbnb/VRBO-optimized versions or separate unit nicknames added!

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mike
Host User ID: 152189800
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/152189800
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
5 months hosting