URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/10946149
Latitude: 35.96495
Longitude: -86.87879
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Franklin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Nestled on 5.5 acres in the heart of charming Franklin, TN, Cabin Creek Farm is just 3 miles from Main Street and 20 minutes to Nashville. A unique property that is "away from it all" yet "close to everything." Cabin Creek Farm is the perfect choice for families, couples, or corporate meetings. Beautiful outdoor gardens include a stone patio, fire pit, and seating- an ideal setting for your evening soirée. You are going to LOVE Cabin Creek Farm!

Instagram: @cabincreekfarmfranklin

The space
This 2 story home, while traditional on the exterior, has every modern touch and amenities on the inside. From the moment you open the door to begin your stay at Cabin Creek Farm, you'll notice that careful attention has been paid to every detail.  

The warm entryway welcomes you into the expansive, open kitchen and family living area that is the heartbeat of this home.  This comfortable, yet stylish space will no doubt be the gathering place for your family or group throughout your stay.  You can't help but come together here...whether it's over a lazy breakfast, cocktail "hour", a decadent dinner, or late night conversation.  Unwind, have fun and enjoy the relaxed style of a property that was created with your comfort and happiness in mind.  Curl up in your new favorite chair and watch a movie on the flatscreen, listen to the music of your choice on our Bluetooth sound system or, better yet, spend some time free of technology and check out our wide assortment of games and puzzles for all ages...nothing says family fun (or fun in general), like a good ole game!  

The master on the main is a beautiful oasis.  With a king bed, luxury linens and bedding, flatscreen television, plush carpet, a walk-in closet, and full bath with a jacuzzi tub...you might just want to skip the Honkey Tonks!  

Upstairs, you will be afforded as much privacy as you wish as there's a door that completely separates the first story from the second. This can be ideal for couples vacationing together, or couples/groups with children, who prefer to keep the evening going long after bedtime for the little ones.  

There on the second level, you'll find yet another beautifully appointed king room with its own flatscreen television, and a walk-in closet spacious enough to be a perfect "nursery" set up for a baby or toddler, and make it a lovely, quiet spot for your little one to get a good nights sleep or a long nap, while mom and dad are able to enjoy their vacation too.  

A third spacious bedroom is also located on the second floor.  This serene space has two plush queen beds, luxurious linens, beautiful wooded views, and a sitting area to relax and listen to the sounds of nature just beyond the window. 

Outside you'll find wooded, private grounds complete with a moss fairy garden!  You'll also have some up close and personal moments with the many deer families that tend to happen by each day.  Spend as much time as you like wandering the property, or relax with a good book on the beautifully furnished back deck nestled in the woods.  You could always grill a fabulous meal for your crew and dine under the stars, then maybe even let us arrange a night for you and yours around the fire pit, complete with s'mores!  There is also an organic herb garden.

Cabin Creek Farm is equipped with everything you could possibly need to enjoy your stay...and then some!

Guest access
The main house and front patio are yours to enjoy!  There is a second "Cottage" house on the property that is available for an additional rate and also books separately.  It has 1 Full Bedroom, Living Room with Sofa Bed, Full Bathroom, Kitchen, Dining and Private Patio.  The Cottage is great for extra guests and makes the perfect mother-in-law suite.  The Cottage + Cottage patio are not included with the main house rental.  There is a separate listing called The Cottage at Cabin Creek Farm.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 47352669
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/47352669
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! My name is Melissa.  My husband and I absolutely love Nashville and everything that "Music City" has to offer! You are going to LOVE your time at our beautiful Cabin Creek Farm!! We hope you create some amazing memories during your stay!
Speaks English
Lives in Franklin, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
11 years hosting
73 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting