URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/605152145612517225
Latitude: 36.1544
Longitude: -86.7637
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
COME STAY & PLAY at DOLLYVILLE NASHVILLE ! Beautiful NEW & modern. 
Attached large private deck with
loungers and  fun photo opp. Sip your favorite cocktails at the Whiskey Barrel umbrella table with Downtown skyline facing view. 5 minute UBER to Broadway. Located at  Lindsley Ave - just two blocks from the popular LIVE MUSIC venue Third and Lindsley and two doors down from The Cordelle Event Center. Onsite Gym and a rooftop community gathering room with also a great skyline view of Nashville!!

The space
Thank you for your interest in Hey Y'all Nashville Dollyville!

WEEKEND RESERVATIONS:
Three night MINIMUM is required on all weekends. Friday and Saturday MUST be booked together. Weekends are our most popular time in the city, which is why we require Friday and Saturday to be booked together. We have this rule due to the fact that it makes the other weekend night almost impossible to book if it is split up.

**Additional rules may apply for special events and holidays**

PRESIDENTS/VETERANS/MEMORIAL/JULY 4th/LABOR DAY HOLIDAY WEEKENDS: Sunday night must be booked with your reservation.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Please read information below BEFORE contacting host.

RESERVATION HOLDS:
Please read information below BEFORE contacting host.

DOLLY'S PENTHOUSE STUDIO SUMMARY:
Newly furnished with your comfort in mind, makes you feel right at home. This cozy space features:

1 Queen bed 
1 Italian Leather Queen sleeper sofa

Accommodates up to FOUR guests very comfortably.

PARKING:
There is FREE STREET parking.
or
There is also a PAY TO PARK GARAGE located directly under the complex.

AMENITIES INCLUDE:
Free High Speed Fiber WiFi 
Flat Screen TV
Record player with Bluetooth and Dolly records
Fully equipped kitchen
Dinette seating for 2
Large outdoor Patio with seating
Iron/Iron board
Hair dryer
Fresh bed linens
Fresh Plush towels
Toiletries - shampoo, conditioner, body soap. body lotion
Cozy pillows 
LED Vanity mirrors (four total) areas for ease of getting ready while leaving bathroom open for others to use
KERIUG coffeemaker, coffee, creamer, sugar
Air-conditioning/heat
Washer/Dryer In Unit

If this space is booked please feel free to inquire about our other accommodation options.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
In addition if you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

CLEANING:
We pride ourselves in providing a clean home for our guests. We hire cleaners that not only work hard, but take pride in their craft. They treat the property as their own and we pay them well for a thoroughly clean home. If during your stay, anything isn’t up to your standard please let us know immediately so that we can make it right for you right away. Your satisfaction is our top priority.

2022followed008followed_by306

Guest access
KEYLESS ENTRY:
Prior to your arrival, you will receive a unique keypad code that will serve as your keyless entry to the condo during your stay. Access is all keyless entry and you can come and go as you please.

GUIDE BOOK:
A book with recommendations for local restaurants, coffee shops, spas and other places to visit is provided in the condo.

PARKING:
There is FREE STREET parking.
or
There is also a PAY TO PARK GARAGE located directly under the complex with half price Garage parking by scanning the QR code in the building lobby

Other things to note
We have worked very hard to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Please respect, care and be mindful of the surrounding neighbors so that guests can continue to enjoy the space for many years to come.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Please DO NOT ask for a early check in or late check out unless it’s the day prior to your arrival or the day before check out.
We HIGHLY SUGGEST the following if a early check in or late check out is needed:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
Again, Please DO NOT ask for a early check in or late check out unless it’s the day prior to your arrival or the day before check out.

RESERVATION HOLDS:
If you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

REFUNDS FOR CANCELLATIONS:
-100% refund is honored if your reservation is cancelled within 30 days of booking your reservation, as long as your check in date is at least 30 days or more away.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dollys Penthouse
Host User ID: 454324093
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/454324093
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
260 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting