URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/573666703735189040
Latitude: 36.1861
Longitude: -86.7454
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Bring the dog! This 3BR/2BA East Nashville home sleeps 10 and has a huge, fully fenced backyard and deck. Walk to the grocery store, bars and breweries, then take a short ride downtown. Two king bedrooms plus a room with 2 double beds, full kitchen, fast WiFi, free parking for 3 cars and self check-in with keypad. Pets welcome; no parties. STRP 2019#024953

The space
Welcome to your East Nash Basecamp! 🎻
Skip the cramped apartments and spread out in a home with a real yard. This 3-bedroom retreat is designed for relaxation, offering an open floor plan and a huge outdoor space that your pets will love. 
Whether you are grilling on the deck or walking to grab morning coffee, this home feels like a true local experience.

🐶 Very Pet Friendly: We don't just "allow" pets; we love them!

The Yard: A huge, fully fenced backyard perfect for zoomies.
The Deck: A spacious outdoor deck with seating—perfect for morning coffee while the pups play.

The Neighborhood: Sidewalk-lined streets perfect for morning walks.

🏡 Inside the Home:
Living Area: An open-concept space designed for gathering. Features a Smart TV for movie nights and plenty of comfortable seating.

Chef's Kitchen: Fully equipped with stainless steel appliances, cookware, and a coffee station to fuel your mornings.

King Suite: The primary bedroom is a sanctuary with a King bed, en-suite bathroom, and private washer/dryer access.

💎 Why Groups Love It:

Walkable Convenience: Walk to the grocery store (stock the fridge!) and local breweries.
Parking: Off-street parking for 3 cars (Free!) + 2 street spots.

Space: With 3 private bedrooms and 2 baths, everyone has room to breathe.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In: Coordinating a group? We make it stress-free.
Keyless Entry: No physical keys to lose.
Contactless: Arrive on your own schedule.
Private Code: Unique passcode generated for your stay.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 10):
Primary Suite: King Bed + En-Suite Bath 👑
Bedroom 2: Queen Bed 🛌
Bedroom 3: Two Full Beds (Great for kids or friends)
Extras: Air Mattress available for larger groups.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

Groceries (3 min walk): Kroger is right around the corner—so easy for stocking up on snacks and drinks.

Coffee (5 min walk): Grab a latte at Retrograde Coffee.

Eats (5 min drive): Mas Tacos Por Favor (Cash only, best tacos in town!) and The Pharmacy (Burgers & Beer Garden).

Drinks (10 min walk): Southern Grist Brewing for unique craft beers.

Downtown (10 min drive): A quick Uber to Broadway Honky Tonks. 👢

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:
Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.
Pet Friendly: We love hosting furry friends! (Please confirm breed/size upon booking).

Guest access
You'll have access to the entire house, driveway (free parking!), and backyard.

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4542 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting