URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1396517062656228160
Latitude: 36.1645
Longitude: -86.7805
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Historic 2-bedroom townhome with plenty of sleeping space in the heart of Downtown Nashville! Walk to Broadway, bars, live music, concerts, sporting events & more. Perfect for groups, celebrations & unforgettable nights out. Recently restored historic building that was the original headquarters of “The National”, founders of WSM Radio and The Grand Ole Opry.  Blocks from the Ryman, Printer’s Alley and Lower Broadway in an unbeatable location.  Your Music City adventure starts here!

The space
Charming Historic 2BR/1BA Retreat | 5-Min Walk to Broadway!

Welcome to your home away from home in the heart of Music City! Nestled in one of Nashville’s most iconic and walkable neighborhoods, this beautifully restored historic gem offers the perfect blend of Southern charm and modern comfort—just a 5-minute stroll from the neon lights and live music of Broadway.

Step inside this thoughtfully designed 2-bedroom, 1-bathroom retreat and discover exposed brick, original hardwood floors, and curated décor that pays tribute to Nashville’s rich musical heritage. Whether you’re here for a weekend getaway, a music lover’s dream trip, or a bachelorette celebration, this space sets the stage for an unforgettable stay.
	•	Bedroom 1: King bed with luxury linens, en-suite bathroom, and plenty of closet space.
	•	Bedroom 2: Queen over queen bunk bed with plush bedding, adjacent full bath, and charming touches throughout.
        • Living room - Queen air mattress 
	•	Kitchen: Fully stocked appliances, coffee bar, and everything you need to cook a meal or prep for a night out.

Extras:
	•	High-speed Wi-Fi
	•	Washer/dryer in unit
	•	Keyless entry
	•	Central heating and cooling
	•	Local guides & recommendations included

The Location:

Leave the car behind—you’re just 2 blocks from Broadway, where you’ll find world-famous live music venues, bars, restaurants, and more. Take a morning walk along the Cumberland River, explore the Country Music Hall of Fame, or catch a show at the Ryman—all within walking distance.

Perfect For:
	•	Couples or friends on a city adventure
	•	Bachelorette/bachelor parties
	•	Business travelers who want the best of both work and play
	•	Music lovers and history buffs alike

Book your stay now and live like a local in the heart of Nashville!

 This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Hope you enjoy your stay in Nashville!

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire property, including all bedrooms, bathrooms, and living areas. Self-check-in via smart lock ensures a seamless arrival.

Other things to note
We do not have any onsite parking, there are paid parking lots very close by or the Nashville public library has parking available for $20 per day!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19408 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting