URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1308806397568437581
Latitude: 36.1947
Longitude: -86.7662
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Rooftop skyline views, a firepit, and modern comfort make The Lyric the perfect East Nashville retreat. Just minutes from downtown and Broadway, this stylish home features a rooftop patio, a fenced backyard with cozy seating, and an open-concept living space with a fireplace. Perfect for family vacations, friends' getaways, business travelers, and extended stays, it's designed for relaxing and exploring the best of Music City. 🌆

The space
What You’ll Love:
◆ Prime location in the heart of East Nashville, just 3 miles to Broadway.
◆ Expansive rooftop patio with a gas firepit, cozy seating, and skyline views
◆ Spacious back patio with outdoor seating, a Firestone BBQ grill, and smart TV.
◆ Fully fenced backyard with an additional firepit, surrounded by Adirondack chairs
◆ Private parking for two vehicles
◆ Smart TVs throughout, including in each bedroom to easily connect to all your favorite streaming apps!
◆ Reliable high-speed Wi-Fi
◆ Modern kitchen with stainless steel appliances
◆ Record player and Sonos speakers to enhance the mood.
Sleeping Arrangements:
1st Floor
◆ Bedroom 1 - Two Full Beds + Ensuite Bathroom + Smart TV

2nd Floor:
◆ Bedroom 2 - Queen Bed + Jack-&-Jill Full Bathroom + Smart TV
◆ Bedroom 3 - Queen bunk bed (2 Queen beds) with Additional Twin Bed + Jack-&-Jill Full Bathroom + Smart TV
◆ Bedroom 4 - King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom + Smart TV

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The Lyric for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
This East Nashville neighborhood is evolving, with a mix of newly built homes as well as some charming older developments that reflect the vibrancy of the area. It’s a community on the rise, offering a unique blend of urban convenience and neighborhood charm.

Please note: This home features two floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 3rd floor. There are exterior stairs leading to the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the first floor, along with one bedroom and a full bathroom. All additional bedrooms and bathrooms are accessed by stairs.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5404 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting