URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1592113802690272634
Latitude: 36.2082
Longitude: -86.7851
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Brand new listing in Nashvilles most desirable Airbnb community! Perfect for large groups, equipped with a private hot tub, cowboy saloon game room, and a community pool makes this the perfect spot for your trip!

The space
🤠 Brand-New Nashville Retreat | Cowboy Saloon Game Room | Hot Tub + Pool

Welcome to your brand-new Nashville getaway, where modern luxury meets bold Southern charm. Designed for groups, families, and unforgettable trips to Music City, this stunning home features 4 spacious bedrooms, 4 full bathrooms, and 9 comfortable beds, offering plenty of room for everyone to relax in style.

⸻

🛏️ Spacious Sleeping for Groups

Each bedroom is thoughtfully designed with comfort and privacy in mind—perfect after a long day exploring Nashville or a late night on Broadway. With 9 total beds, this home easily accommodates large groups while maintaining a peaceful, upscale feel.

⸻

🤠 Cowboy Saloon–Themed Game Room

Step into your very own cowboy saloon game room, a one-of-a-kind space that brings Nashville’s Western roots to life. Enjoy:
	•	Rustic saloon décor with modern flair
	•	Games and entertainment for all ages
	•	A fun, social atmosphere ideal for group nights in

This is the ultimate hangout spot and a guest favorite for bachelor/bachelorette trips and group stays.

⸻

🔥 Private Outdoor Oasis

Unwind in your private hot tub, perfect for relaxing after a night downtown or starting your morning in comfort. Fire up the private grill for an easy BBQ, game-day cookout, or evening under the stars.

⸻

🏊 Community Pool Access

Take advantage of access to a beautiful community pool, ideal for warm Nashville days and family-friendly fun.

⸻

🍳 Fully Equipped Modern Kitchen

The open-concept kitchen is fully stocked and ready for everything from quick breakfasts to group dinners. With modern appliances and ample seating, it’s a natural gathering place for your group.

⸻

**Please Note: This beautiful home is part of a brand-new community that's still being completed. You'll be among the first to enjoy the Horizon pool, colorful mural, and the vibrant energy of the neighborhood. As some construction may still be in progress, we kindly ask for your patience with the possibility of light noise during your stay. Thank you for being part of this exciting new chapter!

📍 Prime Nashville Location

Located just minutes from:
	•	Downtown Nashville & Broadway
	•	Live music, honky-tonks, and nightlife
	•	Top restaurants, breweries, and attractions

You’ll enjoy the convenience of being close to the action while still having a peaceful place to retreat.

⸻

✨ Why Guests Love This Home

✔ Brand-new construction
✔ 4 bedrooms | 4 bathrooms | 9 beds
✔ Cowboy saloon game room
✔ Private hot tub & grill
✔ Community pool access
✔ Perfect for groups, families & celebrations

Whether you’re here for music, memories, or a milestone celebration, this Nashville home delivers comfort, character, and an unforgettable stay. Book now and experience Music City the right way! 🎶🏡

Pool access is available from May to September. Please note that the pool is not heated.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime!  Happy to help!

Guest access
Guests enjoy full access to the entire home, including the hot tub, game room, kitchen, and outdoor spaces. You’ll also have access to the community pool for warm Nashville days. Self‑check‑in with smart lock ensures a smooth arrival, and free parking is available on site.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting