URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1684410241643600810
Latitude: 36.17295
Longitude: -86.78171
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Riverfront Rhythm by AvantStay, a 1-bedroom, 1-bath Nashville condo along the Cumberland River near downtown. Enjoy a king bedroom, sleeper sofa, private balcony with river views, full kitchen, pool, fitness center, and easy access to Broadway, Germantown, Nissan Stadium, and Music City nightlife.

🌆 Private balcony with peaceful river views
🛏️ King bedroom + sleeper sofa for flexibility
🎶 Near Broadway, dining, stadium + live music

The space
Riverfront Rhythm brings together peaceful Cumberland River views and easy Music City access in a comfortable 1-bedroom Nashville condo at 1st Avenue North. Set along the river just north of downtown, this stay gives you a quieter place to recharge while keeping Broadway’s honky-tonks, Germantown dining, Riverfront Park, Nissan Stadium, and downtown attractions within easy reach.

Inside, the space feels warm, simple, and easy to settle into after a day in the city. The living area features a sleeper sofa, TV, Nashville-inspired accents, and large windows that open the room toward the water. Whether you’re relaxing after a night out or easing into a slow morning, the layout is designed for comfortable downtime.

The full kitchen includes the essentials for easy meals at home, from morning coffee to late-night snacks after exploring downtown. A small dining area offers a casual spot to eat, work, or plan your next stop, while the open flow keeps the space practical for couples, solo travelers, or a laid-back Nashville getaway.

Step out to the private balcony for one of the home’s best features: peaceful river views. Start the day with coffee overlooking the Cumberland, wind down with a sunset drink, or enjoy the quieter side of Nashville before heading back into the city’s music, dining, and nightlife scene.

With a king bedroom, sleeper sofa, private balcony, river views, pool, fitness center, and a location that connects you to both the Cumberland River and Nashville’s live music scene, Riverfront Rhythm is a relaxed home base for experiencing Music City with a little extra scenery and comfort.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There's a reason Nashville has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.

Parking Details:
- There are 2 parking spots available.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit: 2021/01/8236

Registration Details
2021018236

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting