URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/31334513
Latitude: 36.08248
Longitude: -86.61163
rental_type: Private room in home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: None
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: missing: bedrooms
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
We are only allowing guests use of private bedroom/bathroom. We will stock paper products, there is a minifridge/microwave in room. Should you have a special request or need, please let us know.

We hope you can find a home away from home at our place. You will have a cozy bedroom with a lovely bay window. The room furnishings include a full bed, closet and drawer space.  A full bath with glassed in shower and vessel sink will make your stay feel a bit like a spa vacation. 

**2 cats

The space
Towels are provided.  Basic personal items, hair dryer, extra blankets, fan, space heater, mini fridge, microwave, and coffee pot are personally available in your room during your stay.  Your room also includes a TV with DVD player.  Please be aware that at this time, this TV is not connected to cable, however a large selection of DVDs is available for your use. The room also contains a number of books that you may feel free to read.  This room is primarily set up for guest use, however there are a couple of items of furniture that are currently used for storage.  You will have an entire closet, and 3 drawer chest completely available for your use.  The listing is for 2 people and a double bed, however you may see that there is an extra single bed (cot) and a floor mattress available for a 3rd and 4th guest for an extra fee due to the extra preparation necessary for your stay.  These would be set up next to the double bed, using much of the floor space.  This is an option for guests that require it.
Private Bedroom, Private Bathroom. 

Currently there is NO access to shared living room, dining room, and kitchen.

This space has locking doors, however they can only be locked from the inside of the room.

**2 cats

Guest access
Currently only access is to front hallway bedroom and bathroom.

**2 cats

During your stay
We are always available to help our guests.  Though we both work, we would be happy to answer our guests questions as quickly as possible, and should be available the majority of the time through text.  Our guests may have as much or as little interaction with us as they desire.  However, should we be at home, we always love getting the opportunity to interact with our guests.

Other things to note
Our bed has an incorporated memory foam topper. Many guests tell us how comfortable
It is, but if you prefer a firm mattress this might not be the right Airbnb. 

We had a super awesome adorable sweet cat named Grace. Unfortunately she passed this summer and we are devastated. We do however now have 2 new cats. Raymond who is 4 and Shelly who is 2 years old. They love to play and have fun. They are  not allowed in the guest bedroom, but definitely love attention, though Shelly can be a bit shy at first. Raymond is always eyeing the outdoors so please be especially careful when entering and exiting the house.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sarah Ruth Wheeler
Host User ID: 26871625
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/26871625
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello Fellow AirBnB Hosts and Travellers,

My husband Jonathan and I are delighted to have the opportunity to host honoured guests in our home.  I have always love being a hostess and this will enable me to enjoy this and meet some amazing new people along the way.  I hope our home brings you as much joy as it does for us.

A little background on our family.  Jonathan and I were married in May 2014 and we do not have any children.  Jonathan is from the Midlands of the UK and I grew up in French Canada (and therefore I speak fluent French) and lived in Minnesota as well.  We lived in South Carolina for several years and had the opportunity to host there, and hope to have the same wonderful experience here in Music City. Jonathan is only a recent transplant to the USA and can still be heard speaking with a lovely British accent.  Jon gets a kick out of how much us Americans fawn over his accent!  If you have no idea what he said...then he probably used a fancy English word that we don't use here, I am constantly discovering new words.

We both enjoy watching movies and use Netflix quite a bit!  Some of our most recent views include, Aquaman, and Watership Down.

 Jonathan is a professional musician and plays the bass trombone as his main instrument.  If you have ever wanted to see an enormous music library this is the place for you.  He has a small music studio lined with shelving covered with sheet music and over 900 CD's.  He is especially a Jazz lover, but has an incredible array of music available.  

I enjoy art of all types though I have not been able to invest as much in it as I like.  I also really enjoy Swing Dance and Lindy Hop.  Though I do not get to go very often, I can direct you to our local community should you wish to dance on Friday nights!Horses are another great love of mine, if I had the money and the space, I would have one of my own.

Before I forget, we don't have any children but we do have another very important member to our household: our cat Grace.  Grace is a beautiful calico that has never hurt a fly, she will be forever in your debt for a little bit of scratching and tends to be pretty quiet most of the time.  If you have cat allergies this is not the best place for you. Our guest room does have a closed door however.

In our home we hope to make your stay as comfy as your home, while offering as many hotel amenities as possible.   For the caffeine lovers of the world, a coffee pot will be available whenever you need it.  For those that are more of a tea persuasion, Jonathan can show you how to make a true British pot of tea.

Hope to have the pleasure of hosting you soon.

Sarah and Jonathan
My work: McMurray Middle School
Speaks English and French
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a day
Superhost
11 years hosting
226 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting