URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1648705815303662503
Latitude: 36.1794
Longitude: -86.787
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 9
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★The Velvet Vinyl★ is a vibrant 3-bedroom, 2.5-bathroom townhome in the heart of Germantown, Nashville, designed to host up to 10 guests across three stylishly curated levels. Spanning 1,660 square feet, this thoughtfully designed retreat blends bold, artful interiors with modern functionality, featuring a private rooftop patio, a garage with a ping pong table for guest use, and multiple gathering spaces—all just minutes from Broadway, top-rated restaurants, and Nashville’s iconic music scene.

The space
What We Love About ★The Velvet Vinyl★...
- Private rooftop patio with seating and views over Germantown
- Dedicated “makeup room” with dual lighted vanities for group-ready moments
- Ping pong table in the garage for friendly competition and game-time fun 
- Spacious multi-level layout ideal for groups and families
- Walkable access to award-winning restaurants, bars, and local hotspots

Step into a one-of-a-kind Nashville stay where playful design meets functional comfort. The Velvet Vinyl spans three thoughtfully designed levels, making it perfect for groups, families, or friends traveling together. On the first floor, the first bedroom features a full bed and a twin-over-twin trundle, along with a full bathroom complete with a shower/tub combo—ideal for guests seeking easy access and privacy.

The second floor serves as the heart of the home, where you’ll find a bright and inviting living area alongside a fully equipped modern kitchen. Whether you’re cooking a group meal or brewing your morning coffee with the drip or pod coffee maker, this space is designed for gathering. The living room also features a queen pull-out couch, providing additional sleeping space for your group. This level also hosts the second bedroom with a king bed, creating a comfortable and private retreat. A full bathroom with a single vanity and shower/tub combo is also located on this floor.

Head up to the third floor to discover the last bedroom, a spacious and flexible sleeping area with two queen beds, each paired with twin trundles—perfect for larger groups. Just off the third bedroom, you’ll find one of the home’s most unique spaces—a nature-themed “makeup room,” complete with two vanities and light-up mirrors, perfect for getting ready before a night out in Nashville. This level also includes a half bath and opens to one of the home’s standout features: a private rooftop patio. Enjoy your morning coffee or evening drinks while overlooking the charming Germantown neighborhood.

The home also includes a one-car garage, which doubles as a fun hangout space with a ping pong table. 

Located in the heart of Germantown, you’ll be surrounded by some of the city’s best dining and local experiences. Walk just minutes to award-winning restaurants, cozy cafes, and lively bars, or explore nearby attractions like the Nashville Farmers’ Market and Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park. When you’re ready to experience the iconic energy of Nashville, Broadway and Music Row are less than 10 minutes away.

Whether you're visiting for a weekend getaway, celebration, or city adventure, The Velvet Vinyl offers a stylish and memorable home base in one of Nashville’s most sought-after neighborhoods.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property.

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home. Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home. We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay. In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee. Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver. It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay. The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior. Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!). Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage. The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines.

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Fun fact: Been in multiple earthquakes together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23140 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting