URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1305807512459655646
Latitude: 36.146
Longitude: -86.8152
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Legends Loft!

Experience the best of Nashville from this modern 1-bedroom 3rd floor condo in West End! With a king bed and full-sized cot, this space comfortably sleeps up to 4 guests. Whether you're here for a romantic getaway, solo travel, or a business trip, Legends Loft puts you in the heart of the action. Walking distance to Centennial Park, minutes from Vandy, 10 minutes to Downtown/Lower Broadway.

The space
PRIME LOCATION
Legends Loft is nestled near Vanderbilt University and steps from Centennial Park, home to the famous Parthenon. Explore the vibrant West End neighborhood with dining, shopping, and entertainment minutes away. Just ten minutes to world famous Lower Broadway. 
- Vanderbilt University: A prestigious private research university known for its beautiful campus and top-ranked programs. 
- Centennial Park: A large urban park featuring the iconic Parthenon replica, walking trails, gardens, and a lake.
- West End Avenue: A major thoroughfare lined with restaurants, shops, and businesses, offering a variety of dining and entertainment options.
- Nashville's Music Row: A historic district renowned as the heart of the country music industry, home to recording studios, record labels, and entertainment companies.

Located in the heart of Nashville's vibrant West End neighborhood, Legends Loft puts you within walking distance of some fantastic dining and entertainment options. Enjoy a meal at Maggiano's (4 mins), BrickTop's (6 mins), or Bellagio Pizza (7 mins). For a quick bite or coffee, check out Taziki's Mediterranean Cafe (8 mins), Starbucks (8 mins), or Newk's Eatery (10 mins). If you're in the mood for nightlife, The Local (9 mins) and Fable Lounge (10 mins) are just steps away. Plus, you're a short 10-minute walk to Centennial Park, complete with a dog park and the iconic Parthenon—perfect for a leisurely stroll or photo op.

If you're hopping in an Uber or Lyft, you're just minutes from some of Nashville's top spots. Reach Vanderbilt University in 4 minutes, Belmont University in 5 minutes, and the Vanderbilt Medical Center in 5 minutes. Explore Broadway and Music Row in just 6 minutes, or check out The Gulch (7 mins) and Nashville Yards (6 mins), home to Amazon HQ2. Sports and entertainment venues like Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, and the Ryman Auditorium are all a quick 9-minute drive. Need to hit the airport? Nashville International Airport is just 14 minutes away, while avid golfers can enjoy McCabe Golf Course (5 mins), Ted Rhodes Golf (8 mins), and Gaylord Springs Golf Links (19 mins). With such an ideal location, you'll have easy access to everything Nashville has to offer!

MODERN COMFORTS
We've got you covered with all the essentials to make your stay as comfortable as possible. The condo is located on the 3rd floor and accessible via elevator. Every one of our places is thoughtfully stocked with everything you need, including a fully equipped kitchen with all the gear, a toaster, regular coffee maker, microwave, and plenty of silverware, plates, bowls, and glasses (no cooking oil provided). The primary bedroom features a King bed, and there is an additional full size rollaway cot available. You'll also have access to a washer and dryer with detergent pods, an iron and ironing board, hangers, and a hair dryer. We provide shampoo, conditioner, body wash, bed linens, extra pillows, and cozy blankets, so you can kick back, relax, and enjoy your stay – we've got it all taken care of!

Book your stay at Legends Loft today and experience Nashville in style. We can’t wait to host you!

Presented by Injoy Nashville: Experience Your Stay, Design by NP/Injoy

Guest access
Smart Lock

Registration Details
2022038345

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: InJoy Vacations
Host User ID: 425884247
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/425884247
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
InJoy Vacations proudly offers a selection of high-quality condo rentals in Panama City Beach, FL & Nashville, TN. We are a locally owned and operated business, and we love to share our community with owners and guests. Our goal is to provide exceptional vacation experiences to visitors, and we’ve perfected our craft. Many of our guests choose to return year after year.
My work: InJoy Vacations
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
4503 reviews
4.73 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting