URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1132569915427122068
Latitude: 36.1933
Longitude: -86.7785
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 19
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Nash One | 8BR, 2 Rooftops & Room for Everyone

The space
Double the Space, Double the Fun | Group Glam in North Nashville

Experience the ultimate Nashville getaway with Nash One, a unique double-condo booking featuring Nash Limelight and Nash Skylight. Perfect for large groups, families, or events, this expansive 8-bedroom, 8-bath urban oasis sleeps up to 24 guests and offers more space, luxury, and fun than your group can imagine.

Big, Bold, and Ready for Your Crew

Nash One combines two chic, stylish, and roomy condos located just minutes from downtown Nashville. These side-by-side condos come with everything you need for a memorable Nashville experience—separate yet together in one epic booking.

With Nash Limelight offering vibrant decor and a game room for extra entertainment, and Nash Skylight providing a relaxed, bright atmosphere with its spacious garage-turned-lounge, you and your crew will have plenty of space to spread out, relax, and have fun. The crown jewel of both condos is their rooftop decks, each equipped with a hot tub, fire pit, and outdoor kitchen—perfect for enjoying Nashville’s evening sky while making memories.

Your Ultimate Nashville Getaway:

✓	8 Bedrooms / 8 Bathrooms (sleeps 24)

✓	19 Beds with plenty of room for everyone

✓	2 Spacious Rooftop Decks (hot tubs, fire pits, lounges)

✓	2 Full Kitchens with stainless steel appliances and modern amenities

✓	Spacious Living Areas with plush seating, smart TVs, and plenty of space to relax

✓	Game Room in Nash Limelight, and Lounge Area in Nash Skylight

✓	Keyless Entry for easy check-in, 24/7 access

Why Nash One?

Perfect for Big Groups: Whether it's a family reunion, corporate retreat, or a Nashville bachelorette party, Nash One provides the space and luxury you need.

Two Condos, One Epic Booking: Enjoy the best of both worlds with separate living spaces that are connected by their shared rooftop decks—ideal for mingling with your group while maintaining personal space.

Luxury Features: From hot tubs and fire pits on the rooftop decks to full kitchens and vibrant interiors, Nash One is the place to stay when you want the most out of your Nashville adventure.

Modern, Chic Design: Both condos feature bright, stylish, and modern interiors, professionally designed for comfort and a touch of glam.

The Space:

Nash Limelight:

•	Living Area with plenty of seating and large windows

•	Game Room with arcade games and entertainment options

•	Master Suite with plush king bed and en suite bath

•	Additional Bedrooms with two queens, plus two bunk rooms

•	Rooftop Deck with hot tub, grill, and lounge area

Nash Skylight:

•	Living Area with sleek, modern decor and ample space

•	Large, Open Kitchen with top-of-the-line appliances

•	Master Bedroom with a luxurious king bed and en suite bath

•	Additional Bedrooms with queens and another bunk room

•	Rooftop Deck with a hot tub, fire pit, and stunning views

Local Vibes & Hot Spots:

•	Broadway / Downtown – ~2.6 miles

•	Germantown – ~2.6 miles

•	The Gulch – ~4.6 miles

•	Ryman Auditorium – ~2.6 miles

•	Grand Ole Opry & Opryland – ~9 miles

•	Ascend Amphitheater – ~2.7 miles

•	Marathon Music Works – ~3.8 miles

Nearby Eats:

•Folk ~ 1.6 mi – East Nash wood‑fired kitchen built for large parties 7–20 with family‑style menus, communal tables, and a rustic‑chic, spacious setting.

•Butcher & Bee ~ 1.4 mi – Stylish East Nashville staple with semi‑private or long shared tables, chef‑chosen platter menus, and vibrant shared‑plate dining for groups.

•Smith & Lentz Brewing Co. ~ 1.2 mi – Spacious East Nashville brewery with picnic benches, sourdough pizzas, and plenty of room for large groups to spread out and sip pints.

•Common Ground Bar & Eatery ~ 1.4 mi – Friendly neighborhood hub with private room options for up to 30, elevated pub‑style plates, and a flexible menu for groups big and small.

•City House (Germantown) ~ 1.9 mi – Cult-favorite Italian‑Southern hybrid in a converted church, with private patio & dining options and group-friendly shared plates.

Book Now for Your Group's Ultimate Stay in Nashville!

Nash One is the ultimate Nashville getaway for large groups. Whether you’re here for the music, the food, or just to enjoy some quality time with (a lot of) your favorite people, this is the perfect spot. Located in the growing area of North Nashville, you're just moments from downtown’s best attractions but away from the hustle and bustle. With two stylish condos, side-by-side, you get plenty of space. Nash One is your base for unforgettable Nashville memories—book now and get ready for an epic stay!

Meet the Hosts 

iTrip Nashville is a dedicated vacation rental company based in Nashville, TN. Our team is committed to providing a five-star experience for the guests we have the honor of hosting. From spotless spaces to seamless check-ins, we ensure that every detail is covered upon your arrival. We’re available 24/7 to assist as needed. Be our guests and allow us to help you create unforgettable memories in Nashville. 

 

Love this property but your dates aren’t available? Reach out to us! We manage a variety of unique rentals across the area and would be happy to recommend another property that fits your needs.

Metro Nashville STR Permit 20240followed by24266and Metro Nashville STR Permit 2024followedby024280

Other things to note
Please note that we may collect additional information from you after confirming your booking (usually an email address) in order to comply with local regulations and to provide the best possible experience.

Regulatory Information

20240_24266 and 2024_024280

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ITrip Nashville
Host User ID: 260899725
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/260899725
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
iTrip Vacations Nashville is a locally owned business that works very hard to provide world-class guest experiences for tens of thousands of guests each year.

Kevin and the entire iTrip staff loves all things Music City and enjoys interacting with visitors and creating wonderful memories for all who travel here or locals getting out and about. 

Please ask if you need anything.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
3661 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting