URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1363892011624877097
Latitude: 36.1779
Longitude: -86.7562
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 16
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Two homes, two rooftop patios, and space for the whole group make The Azalea & The Sunflower the ultimate Nashville getaway. These side-by-side East Nashville townhomes offer 8 bedrooms and 8 bathrooms, spacious open-concept living areas, fully equipped kitchens, high-speed WiFi, dedicated workspaces, and rooftop patios with skyline views. Just minutes from downtown and Broadway, they're perfect for family reunions, celebrations, corporate retreats, and large group getaways. 🌆

The space
Two Homes, One Unforgettable Experience

Book both The Azalea & The Sunflower to enjoy the privacy and comfort of two separate spaces, while still being conveniently located side by side. Unwind in beautifully designed interiors, savor rooftop cocktails beneath the starry Tennessee sky, and take full advantage of East Nashville’s vibrant dining, nightlife, and music scene—all just minutes from downtown Nashville.

What You’ll Love:
◆ Spacious side-by-side homes, each featuring bedrooms with private ensuite bathrooms.
◆ Prime Location just steps from Five Points & a quick ride to Downtown, Broadway, & the Ryman Auditorium.
◆ Spacious Rooftop Patios with cozy seating with firepit, dining table, cornhole, & skyline views.
◆ Fully-equipped Modern Kitchens with sleek appliances & essentials.
◆ Smart TVs in Living Rooms & several bedrooms – Log into your favorite streaming apps or cast from your phone.
◆ Central Heating & AC for year-round comfort.
◆ High-Speed Wi-Fi & Dedicated Workspaces.
◆ Garage parking available for four standard-size vehicles, plus ample street parking.
◆ Dog Friendly - $150 pet fee for up to 4 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions!

The Azalea
https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1333532209608410935
Located in vibrant East Nashville, just minutes from downtown, this 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom home blends modern style with ultimate comfort. Enjoy skyline views from the rooftop patio with a firepit, unwind in the spacious open-concept living area, and take advantage of high-speed internet, workspaces, and a fully equipped kitchen. An unforgettable experience awaits!

Where you'll sleep at the Azalea
First Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - Bunk Beds featuring 2 Queen beds below and 2 twin beds above+ Ensuite Bathroom

Second Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 2 - King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom

Third Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 3 - King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom
◆ Bedroom 4 - King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom

The Sunflower
https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1333532858819344417
Welcome to The Sunflower, hosted by Hallson Hospitality! The highlight of this home is the spacious rooftop patio, featuring breathtaking skyline views and cozy seating, perfect for morning coffee, evening cocktails, or stargazing. Inside, the open main floor seamlessly combines a sleek, fully equipped kitchen and an inviting living room with a large smart TV. With high-speed internet and dedicated workspaces, you’ll have everything needed for both productivity and relaxation. Parking is hassle-free with free street parking and an included garage.

Where you'll sleep at the Sunflower
First floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - Two bunk beds Queen beds (4 Queen beds) + Ensuite Bathroom

Second floor:
◆ Bedroom 2 - King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom

Third floor:
◆ Bedroom 3 - King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom
◆ Bedroom 4 - Two Twin Beds + Ensuite Bathroom & Balcony + Twin Rollaway bed

About Hallson Hospitality 

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest. 

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Pilates: 
Just a short drive away in the Wedgewood-Houston neighborhood is SŌLR Pilates, Nashville’s infrared hot mat Pilates studio. Guests staying in our homes receive 20% off studio classes and priority booking for private group sessions, perfect for bachelorette groups, birthdays, or a relaxing wellness experience during your stay.

Thank you for considering The Azalea & The Sunflower for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
These are two side-by-side homes, but there are no connecting doors between them.

Please note: Each home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

This East Nashville neighborhood is evolving, with a mix of newly built homes as well as some charming older developments that reflect the vibrancy of the area. It’s a community on the rise, offering a unique blend of urban convenience and neighborhood charm.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5412 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting