URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1697146720277151916
Latitude: 36.1956
Longitude: -86.7747
rental_type: Entire villa
property_type: VILLA
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
* Breathtaking Downtown Views: Unobstructed skyline views from multiple levels and private terraces.
 * Rooftop Hot Tub:  Four person, multi-jet spa with 360 degree seating on the main entertainment deck.
 * Dual Fire Pits:  High-end outdoor fire features on the primary bedroom terrace.
 * Architectural Waterfall: A stunning, custom entry statement feature in the entry and back parking area.
 * Chef’s Kitchen: High-end appliances, custom marble waterfall island, and design

The space
Villa Sophia Nashville is a striking, multi-story modern luxury estate engineered for high-end group travel, executive retreats, and upscale milestone getaways.
​The Layout: A sophisticated multi-level floor plan showcasing floor-to-ceiling glass, dramatic matte-black ceilings, custom wood-slat feature accent walls, and seamless indoor-outdoor integration.
​Sleeping Sanctuaries: Multiple meticulously curated bedroom suites, highlighted by a spectacular primary king sanctuary featuring custom coffered ceilings, dedicated workspace, and direct terrace access.
​Gourmet Living: A grand great room with an oversized tufted leather sectional, opening into a chef’s kitchen anchored by a massive black marble waterfall island with seating for four.
​Elite Outdoor Spaces: Over three distinct tiers of outdoor living, including a dramatic cascading entry waterfall, a mid-level terrace with a custom dual fire pit lounge, and a sprawling, premium-turfed rooftop Sky Deck featuring a multi-jet hot tub spa, covered outdoor kitchen, and panoramic downtown skyline views.

Guest access
Guests will enjoy full, exclusive access to the entire luxury estate, including all multi-level indoor living spaces, the private primary suite terrace with its dual fire pits, and the expansive rooftop Sky Deck with the premium hot tub and outdoor kitchen.
​Check-In Process: For your convenience and security, the property features a fully automated, contactless smart-lock check-in system. A unique, personalized access code will be generated for your stay and sent to you prior to arrival, alongside our comprehensive digital house guide.
​Parking: Private parking is available on-site in three locations: 2-car Garage, 2-spot rear parking facing the back Iron Waterfall Arch, and street parking directly in front of the home.  The driveway is shared with the home owners association and is available for pick-up and drop-off convenience.
​Exclusions: To ensure the property runs smoothly, a few locked owner’s utility closets, maintenance panels, the back shared-driveway, and specialized mechanical spaces remain private and inaccessible to guests. Outside of these small maintenance zones, the entire stunning property is yours to call home!

Other things to note
🌌 Elite Outdoor Living & Views
​Panoramic Views: Unobstructed, multi-level sweeping views of the downtown Nashville skyline.
​Rooftop Sky Deck: Expansive, premium-turfed rooftop entertainment oasis with dedicated chaise lounges, a custom 8-person dining setup, and a covered grilling area.
​Rooftop Spa: Four-person multi-jet hot tub positioned perfectly against the city skyline backdrop.
​Dual Fire Pit Terrace: Private mid-level terrace located off the primary suite featuring a custom dual-fire pit lounge.
​Entry Waterfall: Large-scale, custom architectural cascading waterfall feature at the front entrance.
​🛋️ High-Design Interiors
​Great Room: Floor-to-ceiling windows with drop-down privacy shades, sophisticated matte-black ceilings, and an oversized, tufted cognac leather sectional wrapped around a massive flat-screen TV.
​Boutique Accents: Statement wood-slat feature walls, mid-century modern décor, glamorous crystal chandeliers, and a hanging wicker egg chair lounge.
​🍳 Chef’s Kitchen & Dining
​Waterfall Island: Massive, premium black marble waterfall kitchen island with plush, quilted leather barstool seating for five.
​Gourmet Ready: Sleek custom cabinetry, high-end appliances, designer fixtures, and an elegant adjacent dining table layout.
​🛏️ Luxury Sanctuaries
​Primary View Suite: Elite king-size four-poster bed layout with a dedicated workspace facing the city, custom coffered ceilings, and direct sliding-door access to the fire pit terrace.
​Boutique Bedding: Hospitality-grade mattresses, premium hotel linens, and meticulously designed high-end closet storage.
​🔒 Tech & Convenience
​Seamless Access: Smart home integration with contactless, keyless electronic smart-lock entry.
​Parking: Dedicated, private on-site garage parking, private parking, and on-street parking directly in front of the estate.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Marty
Host User ID: 411287106
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/411287106
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Canisius High School
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
4 months hosting
17 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
4 months of hosting