URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/21256452
Latitude: 36.1828
Longitude: -86.7915
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your haven in Nashville's historic Germantown. You have less than a 7-minute drive to Broadway, the Country Music Hall of Fame, Nissan Stadium, Topgolf, and Bridgestone Arena. Enjoy easy access to nearby Germantown restaurants, bars, and grocery stores. The space features comfy beds, a modern bathroom with an amazing shower, high-speed internet, a smart TV, and complimentary coffee. Perfect for a weekend getaway or as a home base to explore all that Music City has to offer!

The space
You’ll love this extremely cozy and quiet 2-bedroom townhome in the heart of Nashville! This private rental offers a prime location with only a short, cheap Uber ride to Broadway, the Country Music Hall of Fame, Nissan Stadium, and all of downtown Nashville’s main attractions. Perfect for exploring Nashville, this spotlessly clean and comfy unit includes free parking, high-speed Wi-Fi, and a full kitchen with basics like a coffee maker, toaster, and pots and pans.

Enjoy a spacious layout with comfy beds, an amazing shower, and thoughtful amenities like a hair dryer and essential toiletries. Nestled in a friendly neighborhood, you’ll find easy walking distance to Germantown’s best restaurants, fun bars, and a grocery store nearby for added convenience.

This is a fantastic choice for those visiting Nashville for a weekend getaway or a longer stay, whether you’re with friends, family, or even your pup. With quick drives to hotspots, excellent communication, and local recommendations provided, this is the perfect home base for your Nashville adventures!

Perfect Location to get you to all of Nashville's most famous attractions: 

Downtown Nashville:

Broadway – Famous for live music and honky-tonk bars
Country Music Hall of Fame – Showcasing the history of country music
Ryman Auditorium – Historic venue known as the “Mother Church of Country Music”
Bridgestone Arena – Home of the Nashville Predators and major concerts
Johnny Cash Museum – Dedicated to the life and career of Johnny Cash
Schermerhorn Symphony Center – Home to the Nashville Symphony
Ascend Amphitheater – Outdoor music venue by the river
Frist Art Museum – Art exhibitions and historical architecture
Tennessee State Capitol – Historic government building with tours available
Nashville Farmers' Market – Food stalls, shops, and seasonal produce
Music Row
RCA Studio B – Historic recording studio where legends recorded
Belmont Mansion – Antebellum mansion on the Belmont University campus
The Parthenon – Full-scale replica of the Parthenon in Athens, located in Centennial Park

Germantown:

Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park – Park honoring Tennessee’s history with beautiful views of the Capitol
Nashville Sounds Stadium (First Horizon Park) – Minor League Baseball games and entertainment
Farmers' Market – Indoor and outdoor stalls with fresh food and unique vendors

East Nashville:

Five Points – Hip area known for art, music, and great dining
Shelby Bottoms Greenway and Nature Park – Walking, biking, and beautiful natural scenery

West Nashville:

Cheekwood Estate & Gardens – Historic mansion with botanical gardens and art exhibits
Belle Meade Historic Site & Winery – Plantation house with wine tasting and tours

Other Attractions:

Grand Ole Opry – The famous country music stage and radio show
Opryland Resort & Convention Center – Massive hotel with indoor gardens, shops, and restaurants
Topgolf Nashville – Golf entertainment complex with games and food
Lane Motor Museum – Museum of unique cars and motorcycles from around the world
Adventure Science Center – Interactive science exhibits for families
Nashville Zoo – Animal exhibits, walking trails, and fun for all ages
Percy Warner Park – Large park with hiking trails and scenic views
Radnor Lake State Park – Beautiful natural area with walking trails and wildlife

This list covers many must-see spots for first-time visitors and locals looking to explore more of Music City!

Guest access
Driveway accessible for free parking

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Adam
Host User ID: 78356744
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/78356744
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Im Adam, owner of ---Acorn Property Management--- , a 5th-generation Nashville native dedicated to creating unforgettable stays. Since 2017, I’ve managed properties with a local touch, ensuring guests enjoy the best of Nashville. Whether you're here to stay or seeking a reliable co-host, Acorn provides top-notch service, quick responses, and attention to detail. Let us make your Nashville visit or hosting experience seamless and special!
My work: Acorn Property
Speaks English, Spanish, and Italian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
622 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting