URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1380716483375536549
Latitude: 36.1951
Longitude: -86.7798
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This stylish place to stay is perfect for group trips.

The space
Charming 4-Bedroom, 4-Bathroom Nashville Retreat - Perfect for Groups, Steps from Broadway!

Welcome to your ultimate Nashville getaway! This spacious, newly renovated home is designed with comfort, style, and convenience in mind. With 4 beautifully furnished bedrooms, 4 full bathrooms, and 9 cozy beds, this property is perfect for large groups, families, or friends looking to experience everything Music City has to offer.

Key Features:
	•	4 Bedrooms | 4 Bathrooms: Each bedroom is thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind. You’ll find plush bedding, plenty of closet space, and stylish decor throughout. Every bathroom is stocked with high-end amenities, ensuring a relaxing and rejuvenating stay.
	•	9 Beds: Sleep up to 12 guests comfortably, with a mix of queen, full, and twin beds—perfect for a variety of sleeping arrangements.
	•	Private Hot Tub: After a day of exploring Nashville, unwind and soak in your own private hot tub on the back deck. Whether it’s to relax or catch up with friends, this outdoor space offers the perfect retreat.
	•	Fully Equipped Kitchen: Prepare delicious meals in the fully stocked kitchen, complete with stainless steel appliances, cookware, and everything you need to cook up your favorite dishes.
	•	Spacious Living Areas: Enjoy plenty of room to gather in the open-plan living and dining area, where you can relax and enjoy each other’s company. The bright, airy space is perfect for a cozy evening or a lively conversation.
	•	Prime Location: Just a few minutes’ drive to the heart of Broadway, you’ll be right in the middle of Nashville’s iconic honky-tonk bars, live music venues, restaurants, and shops. Explore the local culture, enjoy the vibrant nightlife, or take a quick ride to attractions like the Country Music Hall of Fame and the Ryman Auditorium.

Additional Amenities:
	•	Free Wi-Fi throughout the house
	•	Smart TVs in every bedroom and living area
	•	Central heating and air conditioning
	•	Washer and dryer for your convenience
	•	Free parking on-site 

Whether you’re in Nashville to experience the nightlife, explore the local history, or simply relax with friends and family, this home offers the ideal setting for your stay. Book today and get ready for an unforgettable Nashville experience!

 This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Hope you enjoy your stay in Nashville!

Guest access
Entire home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting