URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1658874499271639321
Latitude: 36.14944156645025
Longitude: -86.78695887042676
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Fantasy Oasis is a four-bedroom Nashville home with skyline views, a rooftop deck, fire pit, game room, and shuffleboard. The home sleeps 12 with three king beds, one queen bed, and four single beds. Enjoy a full kitchen, dining space, fast Wi-Fi, washer and dryer, and inviting outdoor seating. The rooftop and game spaces make this a fun, comfortable stay for groups.

The space
Located in the heart of the Gulch, this new home was designed to be a fantasy urban oasis for guests. With luxury, comfort, and entertaining in mind, the house is filled with premium amenities and highly-stylized living spaces. Guests will enjoy abundant entertaining accouterments, two spacious outdoor entertaining areas with skyline views, a game room, luxury linens, and so much more! This quiet street is just a few minutes' walk from the Gulch corridor filled with shops, bars, and restaurants.
  
You can enjoy being tucked within a quiet neighborhood and enjoy a peaceful night's sleep. Every stylized bedroom has a dedicated bathroom and shower. Each bedroom is also appointed with blackout curtains, premium linens, and a smart TV to unwind at the end of the day. The fully equipped kitchen is wonderful for entertaining within open spaces, has commercial grade appliances, and a centerpiece island to toast to your visit to Nashville. 
  
The dining area is a perfect accompaniment for an intimate night in with friends or family. You can also choose to relax in the living area on the sleek and lush couch, as well as enjoy the shuffleboard or other group-designed activities in our dedicated game room, which opens out to our private roof deck, where you can fill up in the tranquil ambiance created by the Nashville skyline. Or you can go to the second-floor exterior deck for more lounging enjoyment. For your convenience, there is also brand new laundry equipment for your use during your stay. 
  
This neighborhood is very walkable and a five-minute walk from Middle Gulch. Many locals and guests alike also enjoy using the electric rental scooters located throughout the Gulch District. In Nashville, our motorized scooter programs include Bird, Lime, and Lyft. Feel free to download their apps to find nearby scooters. You will be a quick five-minute Uber/Lyft ride to DT Nashville or 12 South where another bustling food, bar and entertainment scene awaits you.

Guest access
As our guest, you'll have full access to the entire property, except for a few areas reserved for house supplies.

Other things to note
| ▼ Things to Know |

☑︎ Check-in time: 4:00 PM
☑︎ Check-out time: 10:00 AM
☑︎ Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM - 8:00 AM
☑︎ All guests shall abide good neighbor policy and shall not engage in illegal activity.
☑︎ NO smoking is permitted anywhere on the premises.
☑︎ Streaming services available with guests’ own account(s)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Casago Middle Tennessee 1⁩
Host User ID: 134126657
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/134126657
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Casago Middle Tennessee

A franchise partner of Casago- Our Team are local owners who manage properties like they are our own- with pride, care and efficiency.
Speaks Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish
Lives in Sevierville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
16771 reviews
4.51 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting