URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/50936711
Latitude: 36.194
Longitude: -86.774
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 6
beds: 15
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into the Nashville Mega House! This listing comprises two adjacent homes accommodating large groups, ideal for bachelorette and bachelor celebrations, wedding groups, or families, friends, and couple getaways. Discover Nashville in unparalleled style with two homes, two pools, two hot tubs, and two rooftop decks! Don't miss out on this extraordinary property in an unbeatable location! You won't find anything else like it in Nashville!

The space
Over 4500 sq. feet, these attached 3 story homes feature two separate entrances and offer the convenience of six complimentary parking spaces. The backyard is divided by a fence with a gate in between.

This listing is for two homes, two pools, and two hot tubs! Each home can sleep up to 10 guests (20 total with this listing). The homes are attached, with separate entrances on the exterior, only steps away! See listing photos of entire unique Nashville compound! 

Privacy is perfect!  Each home has 3 bedrooms, 3 full bathrooms, and a half bath (total: 6 bedrooms, 6 full bathrooms, and 2 half baths with this listing). Each floor has it's own bedroom and bathroom which is great for large groups wanting to have their own space. 

Location is key! Just a 5-minute drive to Downtown and Nissan Stadium, and only 7-8 minutes to Broadway and the Honky Tonks. For added convenience, Uber and Lyft services are readily accessible for all your transportation needs.

Free parking on-site and enough room for 6 vehicles. 4 large driveway spaces and a 2 car garage. Free street parking is available, as well. 

Total, these two homes feature:
★ 2 kitchens
★ 6 bedrooms
★ 6 full bathrooms
★ 2 half bathrooms
★ 4 living spaces
★ 2 rooftop decks
★ 2 outdoor patios
★ 2 pools & 2 hot tubs
★ 2 laundry rooms

Total Beds:
★ 4 Kings 
★ 4 Queens
★ 3 Pull-Out Couches
★ 2 Twin beds (bunk-bed)
★ 1 Air Mattress
★ 2 single rollaway beds

Guest access
The homes are equipped with Yale Smart Locks - you will receive your own personal codes one day before your stay. These codes will activate at 4pm day of check-in and expire at 10am day of check-out.

Other things to note
These are two separate, independent homes with their own private entrances. There is no interior connecting door or shared access between them. The walk between the front doors is approximately 20 seconds. The backyards are connected with a gate in between. 

Check-in 4pm & Check-out by 10am:
Early check-in and late check-out may be available for an additional fee however, not guaranteed. All such requests are subject to owner approval, availability, and applicable fees, and must be requested at the time of booking. Late requests cannot be accommodated. 

Pool and Hot Tub:
Enjoy the convenience of having the pool and hot tub open and available year-round, making your stay with us a well-rounded retreat. There is a pool heater that will be turned on during colder months. Please note that swimming at the property is at your own risk. We are not responsible for any accidents, incidents, or injuries that may occur while swimming. We strongly recommend that guests use caution and supervise children at all times. By booking, you acknowledge that you are swimming at your own discretion and responsibility. 

No smoking inside:
To ensure a comfortable and healthy environment for all guests, smoking & vaping is strictly prohibited inside the property (yes, this includes marijuana). This includes all indoor areas and rooftop deck. If you wish to smoke or vape, please do so outside in the backyard or driveway. 

Free on-site parking (6 spaces):
We offer free parking with 4 driveway spaces & 2 spaces in garage. Unlike most Nashville rentals, our driveway is 25ft long offering the ability to easily park larger vehicles. Free street parking is also available. Please note, there is no garage parking as the garage has been converted into a game room.

No Nashville or local guests:
We do not allow any locals on our property. We have a policy of not renting our home to individuals residing in Nashville or within a 60-mile radius. We reserve the right to cancel any reservation without issuing a refund if this rule is broken. If you are a local resident (live in Nashville or within 60 miles) or plan to have local residents over, please refrain from booking our home.

Children Disclosure:
We're delighted to welcome families with children to our home! However, it's crucial to mention that our home is not childproofed. With amenities like a hot tub, pool, three story home with numerous stairs, rooftop deck featuring a high ledge, etc - we want to be up front and ensure a safe and enjoyable stay for everyone. For the safety of our youngest guests, we kindly request that children be supervised by an adult at all times.

3 Story Homes w/ Stairs:
Our homes boasts three stories, a common architectural feature in many Nashville residences, contributing to breathtaking skyline views. To fully enjoy the charm of our space, please be aware that stairs are an integral part of your stay that each guest must use. The incredible view will make you forget about all the stairs! 

Potential Noise:
Nashville is renowned for its vibrant atmosphere, particularly in the heart of the city. While our property offers a tranquil retreat, please be aware that you may experience occasional noise during your stay, such as from construction, traffic, other neighboring Airbnb guests, sirens, music and more. These factors are beyond our control. While we anticipate minimal disruption for most guests, it's important to note if you are unaccustomed to urban environments. 

Dogs over 1 year old allowed:
We happily welcome 1-2 well-behaved, house-trained adult dogs to stay in our home. We ask that all dogs be crated when left alone in our home, please bring a crate with you or let us know if you need one. To ensure a smooth process, all dogs must be discussed and pre-approved by host. Please be sure to add them to your reservation. $100 flat pet fee applies for up to two dogs. We regret to inform you that dogs under 1 year old, cats, or other animals are not allowed. Please be respectful and clean up after your dog(s). 

Pests & Outdoor Environment:
Our home is located in the South and surrounded by nature, so occasional indoor pests (like ants, spiders, or bugs) and outdoor insects or creatures may be present, despite regular professional pest control. While we take steps to minimize their presence, interactions may still occur. Please take standard precautions by not leaving food out and clean up any spills. No refunds will be issued for sightings of pests or creatures, or any related inconveniences 

A lot of time, care, and money has been put into this home that we own and LOVE. We only want to have the best guests who will respect our property and neighbors. If you've made it this far on the listing and have questions, please ask us! Thank you, Allie and Calvin - homeowners

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Allie
Host User ID: 285748255
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/285748255
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’ve been a professional Airbnb host in Nashville for 7 years and was honored to be named Host of the Year in 2021! 

I believe great stays start with easy communication, clear expectations, and spotless homes—creating spaces guests love coming back to again and again! 

My husband and I co-own a boutique property management company called Stay Nashville, LLC. We also love buying, selling, and flipping homes as investments. 

I’d love the opportunity to host you and your group here in Nashville!
Born in the 80s
My work: Professional Host
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1658 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting