URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/836901460882310250
Title: Historic East Nash Sleeps 4
Latitude: 36.2148
Longitude: -86.7095
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: rendered_map.LocationPdpSectionView.mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Our home located in the heart of East Nashville is perfect for guests who want a cozy oasis in a quiet neighborhood.  This gorgeous and unique east Nashville home was built in 1935 as a General Store where horses and carriages would line up along waiting for the McGavock Pike Barge which crossed the Cumberland River. We heard that they used to serve "beers and beans." The front living and dining room is what stands from that original General Store.

The space
This home is conveniently located within a short drive to everything East Nashville, Grand Ole Opry,  Opry Mills Mall and only 10 minutes to downtown, Broadway, Top golf, Nissan stadium, and much more!  The home offers 2 beds & 2 baths, comfortably occupying 4 people. If you have 6 in your group, we do have an air mattress that can be provided. You will enter in through the backdoor and be welcomed in by the great fully stocked kitchen with complimentary Starbucks coffee. This home also includes a large porch and backyard perfect for a relaxing or barbecuing with friends or family. The garage will not be available for guest use, the driveway can easily fit 6 cars! If you're looking for a memorable lodging experience while visiting Music City, this is it!

*PETS: Up to 2 dogs are allowed with prior host approval. A $75 fee per pet applies, and breed restrictions may apply. Cats are not allowed. Pets must be kept off all furniture at all times and kenneled when left unattended. Please clean up after your pets. Additional fees may apply for excess pet hair, damage, or extra cleaning.

All properties are contactless checkin. Please be sure to arrive to checkin between 4pm & 8pm. If you do arrive later, you will still be able to checkin but may not have assistance if needed. Checkin time is always 4pm unless approved in writing by management. If you book and edit your checkin time to be earlier than 4pm, you will not be able to checkin until 4pm.

If making a reservation with a same day checkin, checkin time is subject to change depending on cleaning schedule for that day.

Sorry, we do not host locals. Any local that books this property without contacting management first for approval will have the reservation canceled without refund.

Other Things To Note:
- Free WiFi
- Free Parking
- Smart TV's to login to your Netflix, Hulu, or other subscription accounts. 
- We do not have cable but you can log into your Netflix, Hulu, and other subscription account.
- Hassle Free Keyless checkin
- Complimentary coffee bar with Starbucks coffee provided.
- Washer/DryerGrilling Station
- Pet Allowed - a non refundable fee and no pets over 30 lbs.
- All linens and bathing essentials are provided.

- No smoking inside unit
- No unauthorized guests
- No parties

For reservations that are made through platforms other than Airbnb and HVMB, and guest is entitled a refund, guest will be charged a 3% credit card processing fee that is deducted from their refund.

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the home. Management will be available if needed.

Other things to note
- You may be asked to complete documentation such as a rental agreement or provide other information for Chady Property Management after booking reservation.
-Please do not re-stage or move any furniture during your stay to prevent damage and maintain the property’s condition.

- The home does offer fast, free wifi.

- Sleeping Arrangements:
Bed 1: king bed, attached bath
Bed 2: queen bed, shared bath
*we do have an air mattress that can be provided if you have 6 guests in your party. 

 To help us maintain a clean, safe, and enjoyable home for all guests, we ask that you follow our house rules. The fees below cover the additional costs of rule violations, extra cleaning, or damages needed to restore the property to its original condition.

$500 - Smoking inside the property 
$500 - Unregistered guest(s)         
$500 - Unregistered pet(s)         
Minimum $150 - Excessive trash requiring additional cleanup or removal 
Actual cost incurred - Excessive cleaning beyond normal turnover 
Actual repair or replacement cost - Damages to the property, furnishings, or amenities 
Replacement cost - Missing or stolen items

Listing Provided by Chady Property Management.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chady Property Management LLC
Host User ID: 407199764
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/407199764
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
4203 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting