URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1137846629307603536
Latitude: 36.33743
Longitude: -86.64666
rental_type: Entire cabin
property_type: CABIN
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Hendersonville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 10
occupancy: 14
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stunning cabin nestled on almost 4 acres just 25 mins North of Nashville & it's Broadway Honky Tonks!

The perfect spot to gather with friends & family in this newly renovated home featuring an open floor plan with all the amenities you could need. From the new, fully equipped kitchen to the games area in the garage & the covered outdoor deck overlooking our fenced-in yard & custom fire-pit, you'll enjoy hanging out with those closest to you.

Grocery stores & Restaurants less than 2 mins away!

The space
Here is a description that helps provide a better understanding of the property layout:

Driveway parking for up to 4 vehicles
New Kitchen as of 2024 with new cabinets, countertops, SS appliances, huge island with barstool seating for 6.
Dining area with seating for up to 8 with views and access to the rear deck and back yard.
Spacious entry foyer with a coat closet and area to store shoes and keys etc.
Large living room open to the dining and kitchen areas. Featuring a vaulted ceiling with accent beams, cozy gas fireplace and mounted flat screen TV. Seating for up to 8 people and a couch that converts to a queen bed. This room can sleep up to 2 guests. It also has direct access to the rear deck.
Bedroom #1 is the master suite and it contains a king bed with night stands, along with 2 twin bunk beds that have additional twin trundles underneath. This room has an en-suite bathroom and can sleep up to 8 guests. Additionally it has direct access onto the rear deck overlooking the fenced-in back yard.
Bedroom #2 also features a king bed and has a roll-away twin bed located in the walk-in closet. This room can sleep up to 3 guests. It has a flat screen TV mounted to the wall.
Bedroom #3 features a queen bed and can sleep up to 2 guests. It also has a flat screen TV mounted to the wall.
There is a 2nd full bathroom located in the corridor outside of bedrooms 2 & 3.
The garage is utilized as a recreation room and features a slate bed pool table, a bar top with multiple bar stools (added after professional pictures were taken), a flat screen TV mounted to the wall, a full size fridge/freezer and it also contains some yard games such as corn hole boards and soccer balls that can be taken outside to play with.
The laundry room includes a washer & dryer along with detergent and dryer sheets for your convenience.
The back yard is fenced in and a great place to throw/kick a ball around or challenge your friends to a game of corn hole. It also has a lovely fire-pit area with 4 Adirondack chairs, just perfect for roasting smores under the stars!
The rear deck has 3 access points from the house and has several places to sit and enjoy the Tennessee outdoors. Additionally it has an outdoor dining table that can seat 8, a section that is covered and illuminated incase the weather isn't cooperating and an outdoor gas grill for whipping up some steaks!

There is a neighbor to the right hand side of the property that is separated by just a fence and some trees, so we do ask that we respect those who live around us by not playing loud or offensive music outside and maintain quiet hours between 9pm and 8am on a daily basis.

Despite Nashville and all it has to offer being just 20-25 mins from the property, we are also blessed with having a lot of attractions immediately on our doorstep in Hendersonville. The close proximity to countless City Parks, State Parks, Golf Courses and Old Hickory Lake for recreational boating and fishing is incredible. There are over 60 restaurants & bars along with all sorts of stores you could possibly need. Here's just a small sampling of the stores and restaurants that are less than 5 mins from the property for you to enjoy and with a 10 minute drive, you have many, many more!

Pucketts Restaurant - Live Music
Panera Bread
Chic-Fil-A
Starbucks x2!
Target
Kroger
Costco

One last thing to be aware of. The home is tucked away in the trees and is accessed by a relatively steep driveway. Please note that Middle Tennessee will occasionally experience a few days per year of excessive cold and icy/snowy conditions. Should that occur during dates that you have booked, it could make the driveway difficult to drive up. We always recommend that guests obtain travel insurance while traveling, but that is especially true if you are booking to stay with us in the winter incase conditions could impact you accessing the area and this home.

The owner is willing to consider pets on a case by case basis for an additional fee. Please inquire with us about the additional fee and approval if you are considering traveling with your furry friends.

We can't wait to host your next visit to Nashville...

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonny
Host User ID: 24007959
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24007959
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
British immigrant!
Realtor in Nashville since 2005.
Love Sports, Outdoors, Family & Friends
Christian
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5853 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting