URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1177575502253507526
Latitude: 36.12572
Longitude: -86.72513
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your home away from home in the heart of Nashville! Our cozy Airbnb is perfectly located, just minutes away from downtown and all the top attractions this vibrant city has to offer. Step into this charming and comfortable retreat, designed to make you feel at ease from the moment you arrive. Whether you're here for a weekend getaway, a business trip, or an extended stay, you'll find everything you need to relax and unwind.

The space
A cozy living space with comfortable seating and a flat-screen TV for your entertainment.

A fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances, perfect for preparing meals or enjoying takeout from local eateries. Also a complimentary coffee bar with name brand coffee available. 

A plush bedroom with a queen-sized bed featuring a memory foam mattress and soft linens to ensure a restful night's sleep.

A clean and spacious bathroom stocked with fresh towels and essential toiletries.

Amenities to work remote: Dedicated workstation & High-speed Wi-Fi to keep you connected during your stay.

Free parking available on the premises for your convenience. 

Centrally located in Nashville, you're only a short drive or a quick ride-share away from the bustling downtown area.

Prime Locations Nearby:
7 mins: Broadway
7 mins: Nissan Stadium - Home of TN Titans 
7 mins: Nashville Yards (Amazon HQ2)
8 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum 
8 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
8 mins: Music City Center
9 mins: The Gulch 
9 mins: Music Row
9 mins: Vanderbilt University
9 mins: Centennial Park
11 mins: Germantown
11 mins: Tennessee State University
11 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center 
13 mins: The Parthenon
13 mins: Grand Ole Opry
13 mins: Belmont Mansion 
13 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Course
15 mins: McCabe Golf Course

The warm and inviting atmosphere of this condo makes it the perfect place to recharge after a day of exploring Nashville's attractions.

Guest access
All our properties include all of the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
- Kitchen set includes: keurig coffee pods, dishwashing tablets, dish soap, laundry detergent pods, and basic household cleaners. 
- The bathroom set includes: shampoo, conditioner and body wash. 
- We'll also be sure to provide you with two (2) paper towel rolls per kitchen and two (2) rolls of bathroom tissue per bathroom.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and Skyline Property Management will not be held liable in any way for the trouble, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.

Other Things To Note- Guest Amenities 
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo, Conditioner and Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets

Other things to note
Guest Amenities : 
o Fully Equipped Kitchen 
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo, Conditioner and Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Katie
Host User ID: 262326385
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/262326385
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
476 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting