URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1462552104981625351
Latitude: 36.1327
Longitude: -86.7962
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Eclipse in the heart of Belmont-Hillsboro. Just a 6-minute walk to Belmont University and near Vanderbilt, you’re perfectly placed between historic charm and the energy of the city. Explore the trendy shops and restaurants of 12 South or the iconic lights of Broadway, then return to relax on the rooftop patio with plush lounges and alfresco dining. Whether toasting at sunset or stargazing at night, Eclipse is your space to relax and recharge.

The space
⭐ Highlights at Eclipse:
- Located in the popular Belmont-Hillsboro neighborhood
- 6 minute walk to Belmont University & Belmont Mansion
- Walk to hundreds of other local hot spots in the area!
- Private rooftop retreat with plush lounge seating and an al fresco dining setup
- Inviting open-concept living area with modern finishes and a warm fireplace
- Fully equipped gourmet kitchen with sleek stainless steel appliances and generous counter space
- Smart TVs in the living area and bedrooms for seamless downtime
- Thoughtful touches throughout, including ceiling fans, central air, and an in-home washer & dryer

🛋️ Relaxed Yet Refined Living (2nd Floor):
- Bright living space styled with upscale textures and cozy furnishings
- A glowing fireplace adds comfort and character to evening hangs
- Smart TV perfect for movie marathons, game-day streaming, or chill background beats
- A plush sofa and contemporary coffee table bring comfort and function to the heart of the home

🍽️ The Chef’s Zone (2nd Floor):
- Well-stocked kitchen with stainless appliances, including a 4-burner stove, oven, microwave, fridge, and dishwasher
- Bar seating for 4—ideal for casual bites or catching up over cocktails
- Plenty of open counter space for prepping, plating, or grazing
- Keurig setup with coffee included for easy morning rituals
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom (3rd Floor): King Bed with a Smart TV, Walk-In Closet, and En-Suite Bathroom
- 2nd Bedroom (3rd Floor): 2 Full Beds with a Smart TV, Walk-In Closet, and En-Suite Bathroom
- 3rd Bedroom (2nd Floor): Queen Bed with a Smart TV, Closet, and En-Suite Jack-n-Jill Bathroom
- 4th Bedroom (1st Floor): Queen Bed with an En-Suite Bathroom

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom (3rd Floor): Single Vanity and Stand-In Shower
- 2nd Bathroom (3rd Floor): Dual Vanity with a Stand-In Shower and Bathtub
- 3rd Bathroom (2nd Floor): Jack-n-Jill Style with a Single Vanity and Stand-In Shower
- 4th Bathroom (1st Floor): Single Vanity and Shower/Tub Combo
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 Shampoo, 1 Conditioner, 1 Body Wash, 1 Body Bar Soap, 1 Hand Bar Soap, 1 Makeup Wipe, 1 Liner for Trash Can.

🚗 Parking:
- 1 Car Parking Garage
- EV Charger is Available for Guests

From peaceful mornings on the rooftop patio to cozy evenings by the fireplace, Eclipse provides a sophisticated retreat where every detail blends comfort and style. Whether you’re savoring meals al fresco, exploring the vibrant Belmont-Hillsboro neighborhood, or relaxing in elegant spaces designed for modern living, this exceptional home is your sanctuary in the heart of Nashville. Experience refinement. Experience Eclipse.

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
Located in Belmont-Hillsboro!
1 min walk: 615 Deli
1 min walk: Chick-Fil-A
1 min walk: Curb Event Center
1 min walk: Circle K
1 min walk: Funtime Sushi & Ramen & Tea Bar
1 min walk: Einstein Bagels
2 min walk: Proper Bagel
2 min walk: Nashville Improv
3 min walk: Bongo Java
3 min walk: Chago’s Cantina
6 min walk: Belmont Mansion
6 min walk: Belmont University
9 min walk: Jashan
11 min walk: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
13 min walk: Belcourt Theatre
15 min walk: Only Chicken Mediterranean Restaurant

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
2 mins: Vanderbilt University
4 mins: Music Row
4 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
4 mins: The Filling Station
4 mins: Burger Up
4 mins: 12 South
5 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
5 mins: RCA Studio
5 mins: Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
5 mins: Sevier Park
5 mins: Centennial Park
6 mins: Broadway
7 mins: The Parthenon
7 mins: The Gulch
7 mins: Midtown
7 mins: Geodis Park
8 mins: Fat Bottom Brewing Co
8 mins: SOBRO
8 mins: The Blue Room at Third Man Records
8 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
9 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
9 mins: Music City Center
10 mins: Nissan Stadium - this one was missing
10 mins: Tennessee State University
10 mins: The Nations
11 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Club
11 mins: McCabe Golf Course
14 mins: Nashville Zoo
18 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- Air Mattresses ($50 - 1 per reservation)
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within 2 hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Maximum of 2 pets under 35lbs each, $100 fee per pet required.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided upon request, as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville permit issued in 2025, followed by:2025062332

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home plus garage parking.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms!
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
18090 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting