URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1739250622756739731
Latitude: 36.16266061258129
Longitude: -86.77466382557189
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Vault by AvantStay. Two minutes above the honky-tonk buzz, this fifth-floor downtown retreat drops eight guests right in the heart of Music City, with city views out the windows and room to actually spread out.

🎸 Two-minute walk to Broadway 
🛏️ Sleeps 8 — king beds + king-over-king bunk room 
🍳 Full kitchen, island seating & elevator access

The space
The Vault is a two-bedroom downtown retreat built for a crew that came to Nashville to be in the middle of everything. It sits on the fifth floor of a downtown building — with an elevator to save your legs after a night on the honky-tonk strip — and sleeps eight across a layout designed to keep everyone together, with city views out the windows and room to actually spread out.

The open-concept living space is where the group naturally lands. A comfortable sofa and a smart TV anchor the room for slow recovery mornings, movie marathons, or an impromptu round of karaoke, and a sleeper sofa quietly adds a couple more places to crash. It all flows straight into the kitchen, which is stocked to do more than reheat leftovers: full-size fridge, oven, four-burner stove, microwave, toaster, blender, and a dishwasher for the aftermath. The island seats four on barstools — prime real estate for a slow coffee, a charcuterie spread, or a recap of last night before you do it all again — while a dining table for two gives you a quieter corner. A drip coffee maker and coffee are ready to get you moving.

When it's time to wind down, the primary bedroom keeps things simple with a king bed and room-darkening shades to sleep off a late one. The second bedroom is the conversation piece: a king-over-king bunk that sleeps four in full-size comfort — ideal for friends splitting a room, kids, or anyone who still thinks bunk beds are the best part of a trip. A full bathroom with a shower-tub combo and a handy half bath keep the morning rotation moving.

The best part is the address. You're in the heart of downtown, so Broadway's live music, boot shops, and rooftop views are a two-minute walk out the door, and Printer's Alley — Nashville's storied, neon-lit lane of music venues and late-night haunts — is about six. The Johnny Cash Museum, Assembly Food Hall, and the Skydeck observation deck are all within a few blocks, the Country Music Hall of Fame is a ten-minute stroll, and Bridgestone Arena is close enough to catch a Predators game or a concert and walk home after. Nissan Stadium is a scenic sixteen-minute walk across the river. When you'd rather see more of the city, it's a quick drive to Music City Center, The Gulch, Germantown, and Music Row, roughly eight minutes to Vanderbilt and Centennial Park's full-scale Parthenon, ten to the boutiques and cafés of 12 South, and under twenty to the Grand Ole Opry.

Downtown moves fast, and The Vault keeps you right in the thick of it — with a comfortable, view-filled place to regroup whenever you're ready to lock the door on the noise.

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

AvantStay provides an upscale experience with services that elevate your stay and save time so you can enjoy every moment. Guests have access to a 24/7 support team and a tech-enabled concierge to book services, such as fridge stocking, mid-stay cleanings, and private chefs. For anything you need (or never knew you needed), we're at your service!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- You're staying in the middle of it all, which is the best and most honest thing we can tell you about this location. Broadway's bars, restaurants, live music, sirens, and the occasional construction crew are all part of the downtown soundtrack, and some of it carries — especially on weekend nights. We provide room-darkening shades to help, but light sleepers may want to pack earplugs or a white noise app. If you came to be steps from the action, you'll love it here; if you're after total quiet, this may not be the right fit.
- There's no washer or dryer in the unit, but a laundromat is located nearby for anyone who needs to freshen up a few things during a longer stay.
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- The building offers both stair and elevator access to all Saddlery units.

Parking Details:
- Paid parking lots are nearby. 
- Paid street parking is available.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

Registration Details
2020053987

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting