URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1391361174237569422
Latitude: 36.1497
Longitude: -86.7769
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Nashville at this stylish 2BR/2BA retreat featuring 2 king suites and a sofa sleeper for up to 6 guests. Located near The Gulch and just a short walk to Broadway, you'll enjoy easy access to live music, dining, and nightlife. Relax with premium amenities including a heated infinity pool, fitness center, sky lounge, and secure parking. Perfect for couples, friends, business travelers, and Music City getaways.

The space
🖤 Modern Nashville Retreat | 2 King Suites Near Broadway

Welcome to your stylish Nashville escape, perfectly located between The Gulch and Downtown. Designed with bold modern décor, upscale finishes, and comfortable living spaces, this 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom apartment is ideal for couples, friends, business travelers, and weekend getaways.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements

✔ Bedroom 1: King Bed with ensuite bathroom

✔ Bedroom 2: King Bed with ensuite bathroom

✔ Living Room: Comfortable sofa sleeper

✔ Sleeps up to 6 guests

🏠 Apartment Features

🍳 Fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances

📺 Smart TV for streaming and entertainment

📶 High-speed WiFi throughout

🛋 Open-concept living area with stylish furnishings

🧺 In-unit washer and dryer

✨ Modern décor with upscale finishes and cozy touches

🏢 Building Amenities

Guests enjoy access to premium community amenities including:

🏊 Heated saltwater infinity pool with skyline views

💪 Modern fitness center

🌇 Sky lounge with panoramic city views

🛋 Resident lounge and common spaces

🚗 Secure garage parking available for $35/night

📍 Walk to Nashville's Best Attractions

🎶 Broadway Honky Tonks – 10-minute walk

🍽 The Gulch Restaurants & Shopping – 5-minute walk

🎻 The Station Inn – 4-minute walk

🖼 Frist Art Museum – 6-minute walk

🏛 Music City Center – 10-minute walk

🎤 Ryman Auditorium – 13-minute walk

🏆 Country Music Hall of Fame – 13-minute walk

🏟 Bridgestone Arena – Minutes away

Whether you're visiting for live music, sporting events, business, or a relaxing getaway, you'll be right in the center of everything Nashville has to offer.

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the entire apartment and shared access to the building's amenities.

Access is provided through the Stratis App, which must be downloaded before arrival. Detailed check-in instructions will be sent prior to your stay.

Guests may access:

✔ Entire private apartment

✔ Heated infinity pool

✔ Fitness center

✔ Resident lounge and common areas

✔ Building amenities and shared spaces

Please note that all building amenities and common spaces are shared with other residents and guests.

Other things to note
Please Note: While we strive to provide a comfortable and enjoyable stay, we are not responsible for the maintenance or availability of building amenities such as the pool, gym, elevator, or laundry facilities, as these are managed by the building. Refunds will not be issued for any amenity that is unavailable or out of service during your stay.

Building amenities and common spaces are shared with other residents and guests.

📹 Security cameras are present in common areas of the building, including the courtyard, parking areas, lobby, sky lounge, and pool.

🔑 For security and building policy reasons, one key fob will be provided during your stay. Additional fobs are not available, so guests should coordinate access accordingly.

Permit #2025019333

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Greg
Host User ID: 79298514
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/79298514
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My work: Healthcare
Most useless skill: None, all skills are useful ;)
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
286 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting