URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1357464093574278585
Latitude: 36.1494
Longitude: -86.7765
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Nashville at this stylish 2BR/2BA apartment in The Gulch. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, in-unit laundry, high-speed WiFi, and access to premium amenities including a pool with skyline views, fitness center, and resident lounge. Walk to Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, top restaurants, rooftop bars, and live music venues. Perfect for families, friends, business travelers, and Music City getaways.

The space
Welcome to your Nashville home away from home in the heart of The Gulch. This modern 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom apartment combines comfort, convenience, and an unbeatable location, making it the perfect base for exploring Music City.

Sleeping Arrangements

🛏️ Bedroom 1: Queen Bed

🛏️ Bedroom 2: Queen Bed

🛋️ Living Room: Queen Sofa Sleeper

Apartment Features

🍳 Fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, and everything needed for home-cooked meals

🛋️ Open-concept living area with comfortable seating and Smart TV

📶 High-speed WiFi throughout the apartment

🧺 In-unit washer and dryer

🛁 Two full bathrooms stocked with fresh towels and essentials

🌇 Modern design with stylish finishes and plenty of natural light

Building Amenities

🏊 Pool with stunning Nashville skyline views

💪 Fully equipped fitness center

🛋️ Resident lounge and shared gathering spaces

🔒 Secure building access with elevator service

🚗 Parking available for $35/night (subject to availability)

Nearby Attractions

🎸 Broadway Entertainment District – 15-minute walk

🍽️ The Gulch Restaurants & Rooftop Bars – 5-minute walk

🏟️ Bridgestone Arena – 10-minute walk

🎭 Ryman Auditorium – 15-minute walk

🏈 Nissan Stadium – 25-minute walk

☕ Barista Parlor, Frothy Monkey & Killebrew Coffee – Minutes away

Whether you're visiting for concerts, sporting events, business travel, or a weekend getaway, this stylish Gulch retreat places you close to everything Nashville has to offer.

Guest access
Guests will have full private access to the apartment and shared access to community amenities.

🔑 Access to the building is provided via a key fob. One key fob will be available for your use during your stay and can be used to access the building and applicable common areas.

Please note that the building allows only one key fob per reservation, so we are unable to provide additional fobs. We recommend coordinating with your group accordingly.

Guests may access:

🏊 Pool with skyline views

💪 Fitness center

🛋 Resident lounge

🏢 Building common areas

🚗 Parking available for $35/night (subject to availability)

Detailed check-in instructions will be provided prior to arrival.

Other things to note
## Other Things To Note

Please Note: While we strive to provide a comfortable and enjoyable stay, we are not responsible for the maintenance or availability of building amenities such as the pool, gym, elevator, or laundry facilities, as these are managed by the building. Refunds will not be issued for any amenity that is unavailable or out of service during your stay.

🏢 Building amenities and common spaces are shared with other residents and guests.

📹 Security cameras are present in common areas of the building, including the courtyard, parking areas, lobby, sky lounge, and pool area.

🔑 For security and building policy reasons, one key fob will be provided for your stay. The key fob grants access to the building and applicable common areas. Additional key fobs are not available, so we encourage guests to coordinate access with their group accordingly.

🚭 No smoking or vaping anywhere on the property.

🐾 Pets are not permitted in this apartment.

🚗 Parking is available for $35/night and should be reserved in advance when possible.

Permit #2025010513

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Leah
Host User ID: 180985588
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/180985588
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! I am so excited to host you and am passionate about creating a 5-star experience during your stay. I've been in Nashville about 4 years and fell in love with the city. I'd love to give you recommendations on places to eat or things to do, just let me know!
Born in the 90s
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
959 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting