URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1698754306145474707
Latitude: 36.1419
Longitude: -86.76298
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover the best of Nashville from Hart Suites Unit #2, just 10 minutes from Broadway, Belmont University, and Vanderbilt University. Perfect for families, groups, and business travelers, this spacious townhome comfortably sleeps up to 10 guests with 3 bedrooms, 5 beds, and 2.5 bathrooms. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, fast Wi-Fi, Smart TV, in-unit washer & dryer, free parking, and self check-in. Your ideal home base for exploring Music City in comfort and style.

The space
THE SPACE

Welcome to Hart Suites Unit #2, your perfect home base for exploring Music City. Just 10 minutes from Broadway, this spacious townhome combines modern comfort with subtle Nashville charm, making it ideal for families, friends, business travelers, and bachelorette groups looking for an unforgettable stay.

Thoughtfully designed with comfort and convenience in mind, you'll have everything you need to relax after a day of live music, great food, and exploring the city.

Sleeps up to 10 guests: 3 spacious bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms, and 5 comfortable beds including a king, two queens, a bunk bed giving everyone plenty of room to unwind. No air mattresses or squeezing onto the couch, just comfortable sleeping arrangements for your entire group.

Fully equipped kitchen: Prepare breakfast before heading downtown, enjoy a home-cooked dinner, or gather around the kitchen island with friends. The kitchen includes everything you need, including a drip coffee maker for easy mornings.

In-unit washer and dryer: Pack lighter and stay longer with the convenience of private laundry during your stay.

Fast WiFi and smart TV: Whether you're catching up on work, streaming your favorite shows, or planning tomorrow's adventures, you'll have reliable high-speed internet and a Smart TV ready to go.

Free on-site parking: Complimentary parking is included a rare convenience this close to downtown Nashville. Additional street parking is also available nearby.

PRIME NASHVILLE LOCATION

You'll be just minutes away from some of Nashville's most popular attractions: Broadway and the honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, the Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame, Nissan Stadium, Centennial Park, and top local restaurants, breweries, and coffee shops.

Close enough to experience everything Nashville has to offer, yet far enough away to enjoy a restful night's sleep.

WHY GUESTS LOVE STAYING WITH US

At Nashville Nooks, we're a local boutique hospitality team that genuinely cares about every guest experience. Local recommendations from people who actually live here. Fast communication we typically respond within the hour. Professionally cleaned before every stay. Easy self check-in with a secure smart lock.

Our goal is simple: make your Nashville trip as easy, comfortable, and memorable as possible.

GOOD TO KNOW

Self check-in begins at 4:00 PM with secure keyless entry. No pets allowed service animals are welcome in accordance with Airbnb's accessibility policy. Quiet hours begin at 9:00 PM to ensure a comfortable stay for everyone. Perfect for family vacations, friends' trips, and group getaways this home is not suitable for parties or events. Exterior security cameras monitor the outside of the property for added safety (never inside the home). Located on a lively neighborhood street, so occasional road noise may be heard. Multiple homes in this community share a similar floor plan; furnishings and décor may vary slightly from the listing photos.

Nashville is one of the most visited cities in the country, and weekends especially during concerts, football season, festivals, and bachelorette weekends book quickly. Reserve your stay today and experience Music City from the comfort of Hart Suites Unit #2.

Guest access
Guest Access: You'll have the ENTIRE townhome to yourselves — all 3
bedrooms, 2.5 baths, full kitchen, living spaces, and in-unit laundry.
No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group.

SELF CHECK-IN: Your digital door code is sent by text/email 3 hours
before check-in — just enter it on the smart lock keypad. A backup
lockbox with a spare key is also on-site for emergencies. Message us
anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking in the community lot (first-come, first-served)
plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from
Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee
maker — everything in the home is yours to use from check-in to
checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just
a message away — we typically respond within the hour if you need
anything during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting