URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1185022463380610659
Latitude: 36.15286
Longitude: -86.82708
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Oasis is a bright, high-energy Nashville townhome designed for group stays that feel both playful and elevated. With a spacious, light-filled living level, a chef-style kitchen, and a rooftop terrace featuring a fire pit, grill, and dining space, it’s the kind of home that makes staying in just as fun as going out. Bold design, comfortable sleeping across multiple suites, and plenty of room to spread out make it ideal for celebrations, friend weekends, and family trips.

The space
This three-level townhome is made for groups, who want something fun, bold, and far from ordinary. The heart of the home is the expansive second-floor living space, filled with natural light and designed for togetherness. A colorful living room offers cozy seating and a decorative fireplace, flowing seamlessly into a chef’s kitchen with a gas range, modern finishes, and everything you need for shared meals, snacks, and late-night conversations.

Head upstairs to the rooftop terrace—an open-air highlight with lounge seating, dining space, a grill, and a fire pit. It’s the perfect spot for dinner under the stars, morning coffee, or winding down after a day exploring Nashville.

Sleeping is spread comfortably across multiple levels. The first floor features a private king suite with its own bathroom. On the third floor, you’ll find two spacious guest bedrooms, each with two queen beds and ensuite bathrooms, making the layout ideal for groups who want privacy without sacrificing comfort. A sleeper sofa in the living room provides additional flexibility when needed. The home also includes a private two-car garage, shuffleboard for casual fun, and thoughtful touches that make longer stays easy. 

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements 
QUEEN SOFA BED IN LIVING ROOM 
BEDROOM 1 / FIRST FLOOR: 1 KING BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 2 / THIRD FLOOR: 2 QUEEN BEDS WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 3 / THIRD FLOOR: 2 QUEEN BEDS WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, and laundry and dishwasher pods. 

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

★★ Exclusive Guest Perks★★
As a guest, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Humminghost's partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Check-in is simple with smart locks. Before your arrival, we’ll send detailed instructions with your door codes, directions to the unit, and any access info for shared amenities or parking. Please review these notes ahead of time to ensure a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
★Smoke-Free Home & Community★
In accordance with building rules, smoking is not permitted inside the unit or any common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Supplies & Essentials★
We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.

★Families & Baby Gear★
Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play and baby gate (in homes with stairs) available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.

★Maintenance & Repairs★	
Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.

★Trash Disposal★
All trash must be bagged and securely tied before disposal. Trash must be taken to the large community dumpster located outside at the back of the complex. To access the dumpster, go through the garage, then head to the right, behind the complex. Please do not leave trash inside the unit, garage, hallways, or any shared areas during your stay.

★Stairs & Multi-Level Layout★
This townhome spans three interior floors plus a rooftop outdoor space, and stairs are required to access the bedrooms, living areas, and rooftop. Because of the multi-level layout, the home may not be the best fit for guests with mobility considerations, those who prefer minimal stair use, or families traveling with very young children who may be sensitive to frequent stair climbing.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Paris, France
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2656 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting