URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1148142488472017818
Latitude: 36.25207
Longitude: -86.64278
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Find your happiness at this quaint lakeside retreat. Relax on the back porch. Play pool or corn hole. Grill or walk 2 minutes to the lake. Enjoy food & drink at Sam's Bar and Grill at the boat Marina. 
Welcome, ya'll!

What guests are saying about this listing:

House was immaculate. Very comfortable beds (Amy)
Their home was absolutely gorgeous and absolutely comfortable (Haylee)
Love this place. Will definitely stay again. (Kristina)
Would 10/10 recommend this house to anyone (Kylie)

The space
UPPER LEVEL:

Bedroom 1 
Master bedroom. Features a queen bed and a walk-in closet with a vanity table

Bedroom 2
Bedroom with a closet. Features (2) 38"x78" beds, each with a nightstand and power for mobile devices. 

Full bathroom with a toilet, sink, vanity, mirror, and a bathtub.

Full open space kitchen with kitchenware, tools, and utensils for your cooking pleasures. There is filtered water in the refrigerator. 

Kitchen Amenities:
Microwave
Stove
Oven
Keurig Coffee Maker 
Double-Door Refrigerator/Freezer with filtered water
Dishwasher
Sink - Hot & Cold Water
Plates
Glasses
Silverware
Pots & Pans

Living room, with a sofa, chairs, and a TV. This TV has an active Netflix account for your viewing pleasure.

Dining room with a dining room table that seats 6 people. 

Hallway closet with replacement amenities during your stay. 

LOWER LEVEL:

Bedroom 3
Downstairs bedroom with a private full bath. Features (2) 38"x78 beds that upon request can be conveniently attached by host, without the risk of coming apart. The listing picture currently shows the 2 beds attached. The bedroom has a TV and a digital channel receiver. 

The downstairs level features a washer and dryer for your complementary use. 

Barbecue gas grill for your culinary pleasure. 

Entertainment:
6' Pool table downstairs. Under “Game Room” photos, click on the pool table photo for more info. 
Corn Hole toss for use in the yard
Various family games
Acoustic guitar

Important information:

When initially arriving at the private driveway at the back of the property, there are a few steps that need to be taken onto the back porch, where guests initially enter the premises. If you do not prefer to take these steps for the remainder of the stay, the front door porch of the premises features fewer steps to the house at the street level.

The interior spiral staircase, with a railing that connects the upper and lower levels, is steeper than some might expect and requires the full attention of the person using it. The staircase is not a challenge for persons of ordinary mobility, and at minimum young adult mind, but the staircase may be a challenge for very young children, the elderly, and those with mobility restrictions.  Please see pictures of the staircase in the photo section under “additional photos”.

Guest access
You have use of the entire premises, except the attic and any crawl space.

The premises will be made available for your entry by 3pm on the first day of your stay. The check-out is by 11am on the last day of your stay.

You will enter the back porch door by unlocking a lockbox attached to the door, containing a key to enter the premises. Before arrival, you will be given a unique unlock code for the lockbox. 

Just inside the back porch door, on the kitchen counter, there will be the following keys for you to use during the stay

(2) keys to both exterior doors. *
(1) key to Bedroom 1
(1) key to Bedroom 2
(1) key to Bedroom 3
The 2 exterior door keys open both exterior doors on the premises, both the deadbolt and handle.

Other things to note
Guest Agreement 

Dear guest, by booking a stay with Gis (Host), you, the guest(s), acknowledge and accept the terms of this Guest Agreement. Please read it carefully and only pursue booking your stay if you agree with all the terms of this Guest Agreement.

Under this Guest Agreement:
The person whose Airbnb.com property you are seeking to rent short-term shall be referred to as the Host.
The person (you) whose Airbnb.com account is used to make the Airbnb.com booking shall be referred to as the Responsible Guest.

All persons listed at the time of the booking stay shall be referred to as the Party
The Airbnb.com booking you are seeking to book shall be referred to as the Stay.
The Airbnb.com rental property (inside and outside premises) you are seeking to book shall be referred to as the Premises.

Booking:
The Responsible Guest needs to be at least 25 years of age to book the Stay and, for compliance, will need to provide valid identification prior to starting the Stay. A valid U.S. state or federal ID, and/or a valid passport from a country that permits its holders to stay in the U.S., satisfies these ID requirements.  

The Responsible Guest is legally responsible for all his/her actions and conduct on the premises, as well as for everyone else's conduct and actions on the premises during the stay. This includes all persons and the Party.
The Responsible Guest has obtained consent and permission from all persons in the Party to agree on the Party's behalf to the terms of this Guest Agreement. 

The Responsible Guest needs to book the stay under his/her legal first and last name as it appears on his/her state, federal identification, or passport. A booking request under an alias or a nickname cannot be considered.
At the time of booking the Stay, the Responsible Guest agrees to provide the full legal first and last names of every person in the party. Once every guest's legal name in the Party on the reservation has been disclosed to the Host and the Host has confirmed those names, the Responsible Guest may not add additional guests to the reservation or change the names of persons in the Party without the Host's consent. If there are minor child/children under the age of 18 in the Party, the Responsible Guest shall disclose
their ages and the relationship the Responsible Guest has with those minor children. This disclosure is meant to protect minors.

A person under the age of 18, who does not have a registered legal guardian in the Party present during the Stay, may not enter and stay on the premises during the Stay. This disclosure is meant to protect minors.

For safety and trust, the Responsible Guest must display a profile photo on his/her Airbnb account, showing a clear frontal facial view. The Stay cannot begin without this requirement.  
No person is permitted to book the stay on behalf of another individual or individuals.

The Premises can accommodate up to (6) persons. Included in this count are all persons, including Infants and children of any age.

Regarding registered and unregistered persons in the party during the Stay:
Host's Guest Agreement outlines that only the Responsible Guest and registered persons in the Party may enter the Premises during the Stay. This applies to any duration and any time of day on the Premises. A breach thereof may subject the Responsible Guest and the Party to eviction without compensation of any monies or other reimbursements to them. Disclosure: Airbnb refers to "registered guests" as "authorized invitees" and "unregistered guests" as "unauthorized invitees".

Check-in is at 3pm and checkout is at 11am.
Kindly ensure you have vacated the premises by 11am. If you are unable to do so, you agree to remit to the Host late check-out fees as follows:
Vacating between 11:01am and 12pm =  $50
Vacating between 12:01pm and 1pm = $100
If vacating at 1:01pm and after =  A full night’s stay will be charged.

Los keys:
Lost key fee per key: $30.
Lost, damaged, or broken items on premises: Reimbursement value to be determined according to the cost of replacing the item or items in question per the Guest Agreement and guest-purchased insurance policy. The Responsible Guest or the Party may not replace a broken or missing item on the premises.

Quiet time:
Quiet time is to be observed between the hours of 10pm and 8am
Cancellation policy:
As stated in the booking terms, at the time of booking the stay

Parties and festivities:
Having or hosting gatherings and parties at the premises is not permitted. Bringing a sound system or loudspeakers to the Premises, using confetti, glitter, or placing tape on walls or anywhere on the Premises is not permitted. Hair dyeing, or using dye of any sort, is not permitted on the Premises

Smoking of any kind is not permitted on the premises, inside and outside. This includes any electronic smoking devices. Violating the no-smoking policy will result in a minimum $500.00 fee for restoring the property to a smoke-free condition.

Commercial activity is not permitted on the premises. Location video/Audio/ photography recording or shooting is not permitted on the premises. Crypto mining is not permitted on the premises. Charging Electric vehicles on the premises is not permitted.

Gas Grill:
A gas grill located on the lower level must always be operated outside, and never inside. After each use, the gas grill must be brought back inside the lower level of the premises and never left outside at night. Fish may be cooked/grilled, but not gutted or cleaned on the premises.

Driveway retainer wall and front and back porch:
Climbing onto and jumping from the driveway retainer walls is forbidden. Climbing on and jumping from the porches is forbidden. Sitting on porch railings is forbidden.
No items of any type shall be hung over or attached to the porch railings.

The lower level, accessible by a garage door, is not intended for use as a vehicle garage or vehicle storage. Vehicles and/or trailers are not permitted to enter the garage door of the premises.

No indoor furniture may be moved to the outdoor porches. No outdoor furniture may be moved to the inside of the premises.  No decorations may be installed, placed, or put up, either inside or outside the premises. No items and amenities may be removed from the premises.

IT networks, internet routers, cameras, and technology on the premises may not be altered, displaced, removed, or turned off. The Host or his representative will visit and enter the premises if it is detected that the technology is not working properly on the premises. A notice thereof will be given to the Responsible Guest with as much advance notice as possible.

For your safety and that of the Premises, there are (3) cameras on the exterior of the property.
Camera 1: An exterior camera by front door. 
Camera 2: An exterior camera in vicinity of the back of the house and back lawn.
Camera 3: An exterior camera by garage door. 

Parking Policy:
Prior to beginning the Stay, the Responsible Guest must disclose how many vehicles he/she and the Party will park at the premises. A maximum of 3 vehicles may be parked at the premises during the Stay. No later than 6 hours after check-in, the Responsible Guest must forward to the Host the make, model, and license numbers of all vehicles parked at the premises, either in the private driveway behind the premises or curbside in front of the premises. Vehicles may not be driven over grass or parked on grass.

Parking watercraft, trailers, campers, motor homes/RVs, buses, or oversized vehicles are not permitted at the premises. Oversized vehicle means any motor vehicle that either exceeds 22' in length or exceeds 7' tall and 7' wide.

Lost and Found:
While the Host tries to accommodate the return of lost and found articles, the Host is not responsible for any personal items left behind at the premises.
If left behind articles are found, they may be returned for a shipping and handling fee.

Weapons:
The Responsible Guest and all persons in the Party are not permitted to possess and carry weapons of any kind on the premises. Any mechanism that can be used to fire a projectile is considered a weapon. This includes, but is not limited to: Standard firearms, air guns, self-defense or deterrent devices such as tasers or pepper spray, ammunition of any kind, and imitation firearms. 

Spiral staircase: 
The interior spiral staircase, with a railing that connects the upper and lower levels, is steeper than some might anticipate and requires the full attention of the person using it. Minor children should be adult-assisted while using the staircase. The staircase is not a challenge for persons of ordinary mobility, and at minimum, a young adult mind, but the staircase may be challenging for children, the elderly, and those with mobility restrictions. Please see pictures of the staircase in the photo section.

Damages and loss of use:
The condition of the premises and utilities is verified and tested before your stay.  Damaged items and plumbing emergencies, such as due to flushed feminine products, render the Responsible Guest responsible for all financial costs and charges thereof.  The Responsible Guest unconditionally accepts responsibility for such occurrences, including financial responsibility for any loss of use to the Host's premises, due to damages and losses occurring during the stay. 

Arbitration:
All claims and disputes arising under or relating to this Guest Agreement are to be settled by binding arbitration in Nashville, Tennessee, in accordance with the United States Arbitration & Mediation Rules of Arbitration. The arbitrator’s decision shall be final and binding, and judgment may be entered thereon. The Host, the Responsible Guest, and the Party entering such arbitration shall be entirely responsible for their own incurred costs of pursuing such arbitration unless the arbitration award states otherwise. Should anyone involved not comply with the arbitration, others involved can seek costs of suit, including attorney's fees, from the non-compliant individual or individuals.

Pets are unfortunately not permitted:
Due to allergy endangerment, the premises are not suitable to accommodate pets. Bringing pets onto the premises will result in eviction of the Responsible Guest and the Party from the premises, without any refunds or financial compensation to the Responsible Guest and the Party. Violating the no-pets policy will result in a minimum $500.00 fee for restoring the property to an allergy-free condition. Should the Responsible Guest or anyone in the Party bring an animal pet, the Stay will be terminated.

Emergencies:
Should life-threatening emergencies arise, you must immediately contact 911 and then contact the host without delay. 

Liability Disclaimer: 
The Host assumes no liability for loss, damage, claim, or injury to the Responsible Guest or the Party or any personal property while on the premises.  The Responsible Guest and the Party release the Host from any liabilities and agree to adhere to and legally abide by all terms, conditions, and regulations applicable to the stay while obeying all local and state laws.

The Host is wholly exempt from liability for any accidents, injuries, or illnesses affecting The Responsible Guest and all persons in the Party during the stay on the premises. The Responsible Guest and all persons in the Party release the Host from any liabilities and agree to adhere to and legally abide by all terms and conditions in this Guest Agreement.

Accepting Guest Agreement:
By requesting to book a stay with the Host, the Responsible Guest accepts this Guest Agreement in its entirety, and will adhere to and legally abide by all its terms and conditions as well as follow all local and state regulations applicable to the Stay. If the Responsible Guest or anyone in the Party violates any term/terms and conditions outlined in this Guest Agreement, the Host may evict the Responsible Guest and the Party without refunds or financial compensation to them.

We look forward to welcoming friends from everywhere to their home away from home by the lake in Old Hickory, Tennessee!

-----------------------------------------------------------------

STR permit issued by City of Nashville:
T2024034541

Registration Details
CASR 2024034541

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Gis
Host User ID: 20067553
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20067553
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a frequent Airbnb guest for both business and personal travel.  I enjoy meeting new people from different cultures and have a positive outlook on life.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a few hours
Superhost
2 years hosting
57 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting