URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1709093258995961714
Latitude: 36.15511062802572
Longitude: -86.77611743802484
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 6
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✴︎ BRAND NEW PROPERTY WITH 1 GARAGE PARKING PERMIT AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST ✴︎

Welcome to our downtown Nashville retreat. Designed for comfort, this beautifully appointed 2-bedroom, 2-bath home is ideally located minutes from Music City Center, Broadway, and The Gulch.

One garage parking permit is available upon request.

We created this home with the same care we'd hope to find when traveling ourselves, and we're committed to providing every guest with a five-⭐ experience.

The space
『 HOME FEATURES 』
Bedrooms (2 total, 3 beds + 2 rollout beds)
✧ Smart lock entry
✧ Full-length mirror
✧ Closets with shelves and hangers
✧ Nightstands with drawers, lamps, and seating
✧ A/C and heater
✧ Pack ’n Play 👶

Sleeping Arrangements
✧ Bedroom 1: Double Queen bed (ensuite bathroom)
✧ Bedroom 2: King bed (Jack n Jill bathroom)
✧ Living Room: Sofa
✧ Extras: Rollout beds

Bathrooms (2 full)
✧ Shampoo, conditioner, and body wash provided
✧ Towels included
✧ Hair dryers in every bathroom

『 KITCHEN & DINING 』
✧ Dining table seats 6 + 2 barstools
✧ Fully equipped with cookware, bakeware, dinnerware, utensils, mugs, wine glasses, kettle, microwave, oven, and coffee machine with coffee and tea provided
✧ Basic condiments stocked
✧ Dishwasher
✧ Toddler dining set (BPA-free, dishwasher safe)🍼
✧ High chair upon request 👶

『 LIVING AREA 』
✧ 65” Smart TV
✧ Comfortable sofa 
✧ Board games and card games

『 LAUNDRY 』
✧ In-unit washer and dryer
✧ 2-in-1 iron/steamer with ironing board
✧ Laundry pods, scent beads, and dryer sheets provided

『 PROPERTY DISCLOSURE 』

Our home is located within a professionally managed residential building with other residents. You'll have exclusive access to the entire apartment during your stay. We kindly ask that you be respectful of our neighbors and observe Quiet Hours from 10:00 PM to 8:00 AM.

For the safety and comfort of our guests and neighbors, the home is equipped with a smart monitoring device that detects excessive noise levels and cigarette, marijuana, or vape smoke. This device does not record conversations or video.

Other things to note
Check-In Time: 4PM
Check-Out Time: 10AM
*You must be 25 years or older to book this home and a government issued ID will be required to confirm the reservation.

⚠️HOUSE RULES ⚠️

By booking, you agree to all of the following rules and agreements. Please message us regarding any questions!

1. Smoking, drugs, and vape use is NOT allowed inside and outside the property. There is a $1,000 fine if discovered.

2. Parties and events are NOT allowed at this property, including loud music. Quiet Hours are 9PM - 8AM. If it is determined that guests are having a party/large gathering OR surrounding neighbors report a complaint and/or call police for disturbance, guest(s) will be asked to leave immediately without refund. There is a $1,000 fine if discovered.

3. Any cleaning issues must be reported within a reasonable time of check-in so that we can help resolve any issues you may have. There's no daily housekeeping. For long-term stays (over 30 days), deep cleaning can be requested for $300 per cleaning. This process takes 3-4 hours, similar to checkout.

4. You will be charged twice the current price for any missing or damaged items, including, but not limited to stained towels/sheets), as well as $200 USD for each lost, missing, or damaged remote.

5. Overnight guests that exceed the number stated in the reservation are NOT allowed. Children are considered guests that must be stated in the reservation. We do not allow visitors unless discussed and agreed upon prior to booking. Violation of this rule will result in a $200 penalty per person, per night.

6. We love animals, but unfortunately, pets are NOT allowed in the home. If this rule is broken, a $300 fee per pet, per night will apply, along with double the cleaning fee to cover a required deep clean.

7. For security reasons, we’re not able to accept mail or packages at the property. If you’d like to order items during your stay, we recommend shipping them to a nearby Amazon locker or a local FedEx/UPS store for pickup. Please note that we’re unable to assist with retrieving or tracking lost packages.

8. The following activities are prohibited without the written consent of the Hosts and will incur location fees: filming, professional photography, coordinated events or parties, miscellaneous commercial activities, music recording, or endeavors that typically incur a location expense beyond lodging. Please contact the Host for location fees.

9. Guests shall keep the property and all furnishings in good order. Household inventory and appliances shall be used conventionally and respectfully. Guests shall maintain a respectable level of cleanliness and tidiness in the home.

10. Unapproved late check-out will incur a fee of $100/hr. Checkout is at 10 AM.

11. There is a security camera at the front door. None inside the home. Blocking or disconnecting any of these devices will lead to immediate termination of your stay with no refund. Also, you will be charged for any missing or damaged items occurring when these devices are blocked/disconnected at twice of their current price.

12. The Hosts are not responsible for parking tickets or any law violations.

13. Hosts are not responsible for any accidents, injuries, illness, or deaths that occur while on the premises or its facilities. Hosts are not responsible for the loss of personal belongings or valuables of the guest. By accepting this reservation, it is agreed that all guests are expressly assuming the risk of any harm arising from their use of the premises or others whom they invite to use the premises.

14. By booking, you agree to comply with the above Rules & Agreements. Guests who violate these rules are liable for any associated damages, fees, costs, or expenses, and may be removed from the property.

15. The visitor parking permit must be returned to the lockbox at checkout. Loss of the permit will result in a $1,000 replacement fee, without exception.

Registration Details
09310023500

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tran Travels
Host User ID: 84609667
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/84609667
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome! We're Doug and Minh. We both work in healthcare and share a love for hospitality, travel, and community. Wherever we go, the stays that stay with us are the ones where we felt cared for. That is the timeless experience we hope to offer our guests: a place that feels welcoming, reliable, and easy to call home, even if only for a short while.
Where I went to school: UCLA
My work: Physical Therapist
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
62 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting