URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1779968040905737724
Latitude: 36.1553
Longitude: -86.7753
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
🌟 Welcome to Your Nashville Getaway!
Step into the rhythm of Music City with a stay in our stylish, upbeat, newly remodeled retreat at The Burnham Nashville
Perfectly located just steps from Broadway, the Gulch, and all the iconic hotspots that make this city unforgettable. 
Whether you're here for Honky-Tonks, concerts, weddings, food, or fun, this space puts you right in the center of it all.

The space
✨ Modern, Chic & Designed for Good Vibes
Our suite blends comfort, style, and convenience with thoughtful touches throughout. Enjoy high ceilings, hardwood floors, quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances, and large mirror, perfect for getting ready for a night out.

🛏 Sleep Comfortably — Room for up to 5 guests
★ Bedroom with Queen Bed  
★  Living room with 1 Queen Bed and 1 Full size rollout

🌐 Fast WiFi
Stream, work, or share your Nashville adventures instantly.

🌆 Private Balcony
Enjoy fresh air, morning coffee, or golden hour photos before heading out.

📺 2 Smart Roku TVs 65” and 43” to access all your favorite services
★	Breakfast bar or work area, seating for three
★	5 Pool towels provided for your convenience
★	Complimentary welcome gift

🍽 Fully Equipped Kitchen
★	Pots, pans
★	Pizza tray
★	Blender
★	Steak knives set
★	Keurig with K cups
★	Toaster
★	Perfect for pre game snacks, brunch, or a cozy night in.

🧺 In Unit Laundry Washer + dryer (no detergent provided) 

🌟 AMENITIES YOU’LL LOVE
🏊 Resort Style Perks
★	Heated Sparkling pool with sunbeds and cabanas – soak up the sun and cool off in style.
★	Courtyard with grills and patio for relaxing hangout or some pre-game time
★	Yoga studio
★	Sky lounge - with stunning city views
★	Top floor & ground floor communal lounges
★	Modern gym with indoor rock climbing wall - stay active and have fun
★	Cabanas available to rent
★	Baggage Bellhop service (9 AM–4:30 PM)
★	On site concierge, maintenance & security
★	Well lit hallways and entrances

Note: Amenities are shared building features which we as hosts do not control, and may occasionally close for maintenance, other issues or circumstances, and when unavailable will not be grounds for refunds or cancellation of your reservation.

🚗 Parking
Priority Parking for 1 vehicle is available upon request:
★	$25 per day for a reserved garage spot paid separately from the final airbnb total. This payment will be collected prior to your arrival.
★	additional parking in nearby lots ($30–$60/day)
🚗 Parking Enforcement
★	Parking is STRICTLY monitored
★	If you paid for parking you will receive a Parking pass which must be displayed on dashboard to avoid towing/booting

🌟 Nearby Highlights!!
★4-minute walk to Country Music Hall of Fame & Museum
★7-minute walk to Broadway Strip and Bridgestone Arena
★10-minute walk to The Ryman Auditorium
★20-minute walk to Titans Stadium
★Easy access to top restaurants, bars, and entertainment spots

🌟 Restaurants YOU’LL LOVE!
★ Starbucks Just around corner from Burnham entrance!
★2 Min Walk to QC Kitchen
★4 Min Walk to Yolan
★3 Min Walk to 6th & Peabody
★5 Min Walk to Bar : Cigar Especial
★10 Min Walk to The Goat Sobro
★7 Min Walk to Pie Town Tacos
★3 Min Walk to white duck taco shop
★3 Min Walk to Yee-Haw Brewing Co
★3 Min Walk to Martin's Bar-B-Que Joint
★5 Min Walk to Assembly Food Hall
★5 Min Walk to Bajo Taco at the Country Music hall of music
★11 Min Walk to Husk
★10 Min Walk to Cremma Coffee Roasters
★12 Min Walk to Pinewood
★12 Min Walk to BakersField Nashville
★12 Min Walk to The Diner Nashville
★3 Min Drive to Little Fib
★3 Min Drive to Riverfront Park
★3 Min Drive to NashHouse Southern Spoon & Saloon
★4 Min Drive to Peg Leg Porker BBQ
★7 Min Drive to Whole Foods Market
★9 Min Drive to Parlour Doughnuts
★9 Min Drive to The Stillery
★11 Min Drive to Till Five Pizza
★13 Min Drive to Redheaded Stranger
★13 Min Drive to J. Alexander's Restaurant
★13 Min Drive to Athens Family Restaurant

🌟 Hospitals:
★3 Min Drive to Zachary Renfro
★14 Min Drive to TriStar Centennial Medical Ctr
★14 Min Drive to Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
★14 Min Drive to Ascension st Thomas Hospital West

Guest access
🔑 Easy, Keyless Guest Access
Access your home effortlessly through our keyless smartphone entry system called DOOR (formally known as Latch). DOOR is our keyless entry system throughout the building which will allow you to access your Airbnb, and all the amenities at The Burnham. 
We will message after you book requesting all guests valid emails in order to send invites to join DOOR. Once invited, you will be required to set up your accounts and familiarize yourself with the app before you arrive.

ALL guests will need an email and mobile smart device to set up an account before your arrival to ensure a smooth check in process.

Other things to note
Parking is available upon request at $25.00 per night. Please let us know if you would like to reserve parking to be set up. Units are assigned 1 parking spot.
For any additional vehicles, you may park at the property's Guest Parking where you can purchase as needed. 

Early check in upon availability $50.00
Late check out upon availability $50.00 per hr

Bellhop service is available and located in the lobby from 9AM - 4:30PM.
Property does charge a bellhop service fee.

👶 Age & Environment Note
This property is best suited for adults. The building and surrounding area often include guests enjoying nightlife, so the environment may not be ideal for children under 18.

📜 BUILDING RULES
(Please read carefully — violations may result in fines from building management.)

Unfortunately, guest sometimes violate quiet hours or other rules. For this reason security is available 24/7 to ensure all guests are protected and all rules enforced. Disruptures or non compliance can be rectified by contacting on duty security.
To enhance security, this property is equipped with exterior surveillance cameras solely monitoring outdoor areas without invading your privacy indoors.

🔇 Quiet Hours
•	10:00 PM – 7:00 AM

🚭 Smoking
•	No smoking within 15 feet of the building, Fine: $250
•	Any smoking inside or rule violations may incur $1000+ fees

🐾 Pets
•	No pets allowed.  Fine: $1000

🚮 Trash
•	Trash cannot be left inside or outside the door.
•	Must be placed in the garbage chute across from unit 455
•	Fine: $25 per incident

👥 Guest Conduct
Violations may result in:
•	Immediate removal from property
•	$1000 violation fee Includes:
•	Nuisance complaints
•	Illegal activity
•	Interfering with quiet enjoyment
•	Unsafe behavior toward residents, staff, or guests

🔑 Access Requirements
•	Must download DOOR/Latch app
•	Must provide email for digital key
•	Smart device required

🏊 Pool Use
•	Only registered guests may use the pool
•	No outside visitors
•	No refunds if amenities close for maintenance
🍾 Glass Policy
•	No glass in or near the pool, on the pool deck, or on balconies overlooking the pool
•	Fines up to $3000 if broken glass
•	Violators may lose pool access

📦 Deliveries
•	Building cannot receive mail or packages
•	Meet food/grocery delivery drivers at lobby
•	Amazon packages must be picked up at a nearby Amazon Hub

🕒 Late Checkout
•	Unscheduled late checkout fee:  $150 (up to 2hrs max)
•	Must be arranged in advance and is subject to availability

Permit2018071705

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Luxx Stays
Host User ID: 457280597
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/457280597
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Spending time with family, traveling, and when have time enjoy watching or participating in competitive activities
My work: Engineering
Fun fact: Race driver
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
3 months hosting