URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/24826044
Latitude: 36.1726
Longitude: -86.7979
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 9
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Hello! I’m Mathew, and I’m thrilled to share my passion for hospitality with you at Dream House – my beloved home in Nashville. This isn’t just a rental for me; it’s a space where I’ve created countless memories with friends and family, and I strive to ensure every guest has an unforgettable experience.

The space
+3 bedrooms with 6 full size queen beds, each with ensuite bathrooms
--Bunk room with 4 Queen beds and master bathroom (also single Cot and Air Mattress available)
--Queen room on the 3rd floor with ensuite bathroom
--Queen room on the 1st floor with ensuite bathroom 
+ Cloud sofa in living room with sleeping for 1+
+ Sauna + Cold Plunge located in the garage
+ Street parking right in front of the house
+ Air purifiers in house + RO Water + Non Toxic as possible
+ Sit / Stand desk with Monitor in living room area + desks in 2 of the rooms
+ 360 degree rooftop views with fireplace 

When I designed Dream House, my goal was to create a welcoming retreat that feels like a home away from home. It’s spacious, stylish, and ideal for group gatherings. With accommodations for up to 10 guests, each room is thoughtfully arranged to provide comfort and privacy. Although, it's beautifully set up if just a couple or less want to enjoy all the house has to offer by themselves.  I take pride in keeping everything top-notch, and I personally oversee the on-going operations of the property to ensure it meets the highest standards of cleanliness and comfort.

One of my favorite spots is the rooftop terrace, where breathtaking views of the Nashville skyline can be enjoyed. Imagine sipping your morning coffee while the sun rises or gathering around the fire pit in the evenings with friends and family, cherishing laughter and stories under the stars. Guests often tell me that the rooftop is their favorite part of their stay, and I wholeheartedly agree!  I work up there, do yoga, sometimes spend the night.  

I’ve equipped the kitchen with everything you might need, from quality appliances to a variety of cooking supplies and cooking basics like oil and spices.  I love cooking and often prepare meals here myself, so you’ll find it fully stocked for any culinary adventure.  If there's something you see missing, I'd be delighted to hear. Imagine sharing a delicious dinner in the communal dining area, creating lasting memories while enjoying a meal together.

Dream House is conveniently located near Germantown, just a quick Uber ride to vibrant Broadway, where you can immerse yourself in Nashville’s incredible music scene. I want guests to easily experience all this wonderful city offers, and I’m always happy to provide recommendations for restaurants and attractions I’ve enjoyed.  During the day, you can walk from the house to Broadway or the Gulch in less than 2 miles and I often do.  At night it is easiest to grab a quick uber.  It's close - so spoil yourself with a black car ;)

As a host who frequently stays at Dream House, I cherish the opportunity to provide guests with exceptional hospitality. I make it a priority to be responsive and attentive to ensure your every need is met, from planning your arrival to offering any assistance during your stay.

The Dream House is perfect for various occasions, be it family reunions, bachelorette parties, or a weekend getaway with friends. I’ve designed the space to foster togetherness, with ample communal areas and thoughtful amenities. Guests often mention the cleanliness and unique decor that create a cozy atmosphere. 

This house is not only a rental; it’s a place where memories are made, and I invite you to make unforgettable moments here. I take pride in ensuring that my home is a fantastic backdrop for your adventures.

Come and Stay!  I can’t wait to welcome you to the Dream House, where you’ll find comfort, style, and a little slice of Nashville charm. Book your stay today, and let the adventures begin in Music City!

Here's a Summary of what the 150+ Guest Reviews have enjoyed about the house : 

- Spaciousness: Ample space for large groups, allowing for comfort and easy movement throughout the home.
- Rooftop Terrace: The stunning views from the rooftop terrace are a common highlight, with guests enjoying it for gatherings, sunsets, and evening relaxation.
- Cleanliness: Many reviews emphasized that the property was impeccably clean upon arrival.
- Comfortable Beds: Guests consistently praised the comfort of the beds and quality of linens, ensuring a good night's sleep for all.  I'm all about great sleep! 
- Fully Equipped Kitchen: The kitchen is frequently mentioned as well-stocked and functional, with various amenities that made cooking enjoyable.
- Responsive Host: Numerous guests highlight attentiveness and quick responses to questions and concerns, enhancing their stay.
- Convenient Location: The property's proximity to downtown Nashville and other attractions was often cited, making it easy to explore the city.
- Thoughtful Extras: Guests appreciated the added touches, and fun games available for entertainment.
- Stylish Decor: Appealing decor and aesthetic of the home, creating a welcoming and relaxed atmosphere.
- Ideal for Groups: Set up for family gatherings, bachelorette parties, and group trips, with various communal spaces perfect for socializing.

Guest access
When you stay in this luxurious home, you’ll have the whole place to yourself.  There is plenty of parking on the street in front of the home, and you’ll be given a key code for secure and easy access to the home. This urban retreat is equipped with modern comforts to help you ease into vacation mode, including a washer and dryer, high-speed Wifi, and all of your kitchen and bathroom basics.

Other things to note
1. Checkout is at 10am because of the time it takes to fully prepare the house for incoming guests.  Check-in is at 4pm.  If we do not have same day guests, we can offer an early check-in / late check-out for up to 3 hours for $40.  
2. Guest count must be accurate, as pricing varies based on the number of guests.
3. Dogs are allowed for a flat fee of $150 per dog per stay. Maximum of 2. 
4. No smoking anything inside the house
5. Please be considerate of the neighbors. We have full-time residents all around us.  
6. Please remove shoes in the house. 
7. A separate rental agreement is required to be signed.

Registration Details
#2021028369

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mat
Host User ID: 21259606
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/21259606
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! I'm Mat, a hospitality operator with a decade managing luxury short-term rentals across the US and internationally. 

I hold a real estate broker license in California and bring the same standard to every guest interaction, fast responses, meticulous preparation, and a team that treats your stay as if our reputation depends on it. Because it does.

When I am not hosting, I am trail running in the desert, exploring the Pacific Northwest, or plotting the next ultramarathon.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Central Florida
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
394 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting