URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1482015563878985226
Latitude: 36.1563
Longitude: -86.7738
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to SoBro Guest House (Units 5-8) by AvantStay! 

- 4 boutique-style suites in one building in SoBro
- Total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping 8 guests
- Steps from Broadway, live music, shops, and dining
- Full kitchens and cozy living areas in every suite
- Luxe linens, smart TVs, and coffee included
- Original local art by Nashville muralist Nathan Brown

The space
Welcome to SoBro Guest House (Units 5-8) by AvantStay! These four boutique-style suites are all located in the same building in Nashville’s energetic SoBro neighborhood, with a combined total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping 8 guests—an ideal option for friend groups or small teams who want to stay close while enjoying their own space.

Located just a few blocks south of Broadway, SoBro Guest House offers a front-row seat to all the honky-tonk action, acclaimed dining, and iconic attractions of downtown Nashville. Whether you're here for live music, local shopping, or just soaking up the city vibe, everything you want is just steps away. And when it’s time to unwind, you’ll return to a calm, design-forward retreat that feels like home—only better.

Each suite features a full kitchen, a cozy living area, and a private bedroom outfitted with high-end linens, smart TVs, luxe bath products, and coffee that’s ready to brew. Every space is also decorated with custom artwork from Nashville muralist Nathan Brown, giving each room a unique splash of local flair. Though layouts vary slightly, all four suites offer the same elevated finishes and boutique charm.

SoBro Guest House is perfect for small groups seeking a stylish, central Nashville stay with the flexibility of multiple private units. Whether you're in town for a birthday, reunion, or concert crawl, you’ll have everything you need—and nothing you don’t.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

SoBro, short for South of Broadway, is one of Nashville's most exciting and walkable neighborhoods. Just steps from Broadway's legendary honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, and the Country Music Hall of Fame, it's a place where music, food, and local culture collide. You'll find some of the city's best restaurants, rooftop bars, and coffee shops nestled alongside art galleries, boutique shopping, and vibrant street murals. With downtown and The Gulch just minutes away, SoBro is the perfect home base for exploring the very best of Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- There is no elevator onsite.
- The specific layout and decor within each suite may vary from what is shown in the images.
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.

Parking Details:
- The SoBro guest house parking lot operates on a paid nightly structure. Overnight parking is $35 per night. Short-term parking is $5 for up to 1 hour and $35 for 1–24 hours.
- Guests of AvantStay will receive a 25% discount during their stay. Use discount code GST25.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620307121

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting