URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1742972581812509696
Latitude: 36.208
Longitude: -86.7905
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Stylish Nashville group escape with a private rooftop, hot tub, game room, and easy access to Downtown
✨ Stay just minutes from Downtown Nashville, Broadway, Nissan Stadium, East Nashville, and Germantown while enjoying a spacious private home designed for relaxing, celebrating, and reconnecting with your group.

The space
This spacious Nashville home is designed for large families, friend groups, celebrations, and weekend getaways. With four bedrooms, four full bathrooms, and accommodations for up to 16 guests, everyone can enjoy both shared gathering spaces and room to spread out.
The main living area features comfortable seating, a wall-mounted television, a fireplace, and Nashville-inspired décor. The full kitchen provides everything needed for preparing breakfast, snacks, drinks, or meals for the group.
A separate game room includes a pool table, arcade game, projector screen, popcorn setup, and additional entertainment space.
The private rooftop is the highlight of the home and includes a hot tub, BBQ grill, outdoor dining area, lounge seating, fire table, umbrella seating, putting area, turf, and string lights. Free on-site driveway parking is also provided.

Guest access
Guest access

Guests will have private access to the full home, including:

🛏️ All bedrooms
🚿 All bathrooms
🛋️ Living room
🍳 Kitchen
🎮 Game room
🌇 Rooftop area
♨️ Hot tub
🍽️ Outdoor dining area
🍖 Grill
🚗 Free on-site parking

Other things to note
📍 Location

✨ Close to the action, with space to relax when you return

This area is a convenient base for exploring some of Nashville’s most popular neighborhoods and attractions, including Downtown, Lower Broadway, Nissan Stadium, East Nashville, Germantown, and the East Bank area.

Nearby highlights include:

🎶 Lower Broadway — Nashville’s famous live music and nightlife district
🏟️ Nissan Stadium — major sports, concerts, and events
🌆 Downtown Nashville — entertainment, restaurants, bars, and attractions
🍸 East Nashville — popular for restaurants, cocktails, local shops, and live music
🍽️ Germantown — known for brunch spots, restaurants, bars, and a walkable neighborhood feel
🌉 East Bank area — convenient access to Nashville’s growing riverfront and stadium district

🍽️ Nearby Dining & Local Spots

You’ll also be close to a variety of local food and coffee options in the surrounding Nashville area, including:

☕ Retrograde Coffee
🍕 Nashville Pizza Co
🍔 The Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden
🥗 Butcher & Bee
🌮 Redheaded Stranger
🍕 Five Points Pizza
🍗 Monell’s

This home works especially well for guests looking for a fun and comfortable Nashville home base with rooftop amenities, group-friendly spaces, and easy access to Downtown, Broadway, East Nashville, Germantown, Nissan Stadium, and nearby restaurants.

STR Permit #5236860167917410

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kathleen
Host User ID: 686472847
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/686472847
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Kathleen! I’m an entrepreneur, interior design lover, and short-term rental host passionate about creating beautiful, welcoming spaces. I’ve lived all over the Birmingham area for 20 years and love sharing local favorites. When I’m not styling rentals or hosting guests, you’ll find me and my husband working out or playing video games. I believe every stay should feel like home—only better!
Where I went to school: University of Alabama at Birmingham
My work: Host & House Wife
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
4543 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting