URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1105062660849703261
Latitude: 36.18217
Longitude: -86.79505
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to "The Sanctuary"

This beautifully remodeled 3BR, 3BA downtown home is just minutes from Broadway's vibrant music scene & walkable to some of the city's best restaurants. Relax in the hot tub, unwind on the rooftop w/ a fire pit & grill for starry night dining & city views, or sing your heart out in the game room with karaoke, arcade games, giant TV & leather recliners! This home, complete with a chef's kitchen & indoor fireplace, has it all!

Book now, and let the music begin!

The space
Experience the sanctuary in the heart of Nashville! This spacious 3-bedroom, 3-bathroom home offers a peaceful retreat just minutes away from the vibrant energy of lower Broadway. Whether you're here for the music, the food, or simply to relax, our home has everything you need for a memorable stay.

Here are numerous features and amenities provided to elevate your experience during your stay:

⁃ Inviting Hot Tub: Unwind after a day of exploring Nashville in our brand new hot tub, perfect for relaxation.
⁃ Entertainment Hub: Kick off the fun in our game room equipped with a smart TV, comfortable seating, and arcade games, perfect for unforgettable evenings with friends or family.
⁃ Convenient Location: Located in Germantown village and just 1.5 miles to Downtown Nashville, you'll have easy access to all the city has to offer.
⁃ Luxury Amenities: We've got you covered with towels, linens, an iron & board, washer/dryer, detergent, and a coffee machine with coffee provided.
⁃ Fully Equipped Modern Kitchen: Cook up your favorite meals in our kitchen equipped with state-of-the-art appliances.
⁃ Entertainment Galore: Ensure endless entertainment options with high-speed internet, streaming services, and smart TVs in all 3 bedrooms as well as the living room and game room.
⁃ Safety Features: Rest easy knowing that our home is equipped with safety surveillance cameras outside the home at all entrances and smart lock keyless entry.
⁃ Digital Guidebook: We've created a digital guidebook with everything you could need to know about the home, plus recommendations for your time in Nashville!
⁃ Parking Made Easy: While we don't have a parking garage onsite, plenty of free street parking is readily available. Say goodbye to parking woes and enjoy the convenience of exploring the city at your own pace without the hassle of parking fees.

Indulge in unmatched comfort with our sleeping arrangements:

⁃ Bedroom 1 (Second-floor): Retreat to the second floor where you'll find a luxurious King-sized bed awaiting you. This spacious bedroom also features a comfortable couch, providing additional seating or sleeping arrangements if needed and an ensuite shower bath, providing a private retreat for relaxation. 
⁃ Bedroom 2 (First-floor): Sink into the plush comfort of a Queen-sized bed, perfect for a restful night's sleep. This bedroom has a shower bath directly across from it, ensuring easy access for guests.
⁃ Bedroom 3 (Second-floor): Another inviting retreat awaits on the second floor, complete with a comfortable Full-sized bed. This bedroom also features an ensuite bathroom with a bathtub, perfect for unwinding with a soothing soak.
⁃ There are also two luxury Twin fold-away beds (we are talking memory foam mattress!) in the home that can be distributed as you please!

Explore the city with ease, thanks to the following distances to local attractions:

𖡡 Germantown - 0.6 mile
𖡡 Downtown Nashville - 1.9 miles
𖡡 Broadway Nashville - 2.2 miles 
𖡡 The Gulch -  2.6 miles 
𖡡 Music City Center - 2.2 miles 
𖡡 Bridgestone Arena - 2.2 miles 
𖡡 Nissan Stadium - 2.2 miles 
𖡡 Nashville International Airport - 10.6 miles 
𖡡 Gaylord Opryland Resort - 11.1 miles 
𖡡 Vanderbilt University - 3.8 miles

With a charming rooftop patio perfect for alfresco dining and grilling, an indoor fireplace, outdoor firepit, and a host of amenities designed for your comfort and enjoyment, our home truly offers all that you could wish for.

Book now for an unforgettable stay in Nashville!

Nashville STRP: Two024019672

Guest access
During your stay, you'll enjoy exclusive access to the entire home, providing you with a private and personalized experience. From the moment you arrive, the space is all yours to explore, relax, and make lasting memories. With no shared spaces or interruptions, you have the freedom to truly unwind and embrace the comfort of having the entire home at your disposal!

Other things to note
ATTENTION LOCAL GUESTS: All locals must send an 'inquiry' first using the 'Contact Host' option on the booking page to state the purpose of your visit, so we can check to see if we would be able to accommodate your stay; otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel any confirmed reservation made without our approval.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4599 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting