URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/10452358
Latitude: 36.3544
Longitude: -86.7433
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Peaceful 2BR villa on 11 acres near Nashville. This historic home is believed to include Brenda Lee’s childhood house. Relax with a private hot tub, deck, and firepit. Shared pool and game room. Great for couples, families, and music lovers. We offer concierge services and fun extras like s’mores kits and Nerf rentals. Hosted by a 4x Airbnb Superhost. Please see the full listing and 3-D tour before booking.

The space
Tucked into 11 scenic acres in Goodlettsville, this two-bedroom villa offers a peaceful place to stay with quick access to downtown Nashville. Guests often describe it as the best of both worlds—quiet, private, and surrounded by nature, yet close to shopping, dining, and live music.

The structure is believed to include Brenda Lee’s childhood home—moved to this property decades ago and still preserving bits of that era. Inside, you’ll find memorabilia and décor celebrating her career. Please note: Brenda Lee did not live at this address, but in the original structure relocated here.

Outside, you’ll enjoy a private hot tub, sunroom, deck, firepit, and swing/play area. A wooded trail and small creek run through the property. Off-street parking is available via a ¼-mile gravel driveway.

The villa has two king bedrooms and a queen sleeper sofa—ideal for 6 guests. Max occupancy is 8. The dining table seats 6, and the living room includes comfy seating for 5.

The kitchen includes a fridge, stove, microwave, dishwasher, Keurig, and all the basics for cooking and dining. You’ll also have a washer/dryer (some cosmetic rust, but fully functional), strong Wi-Fi, and a work desk if needed.

The pool (open April–Sept) and game room (arcade, pool table, air hockey) are shared. Pool use is scheduled for privacy. The two optional add-on bedrooms (1 king, 1 queen, and a second bath) connect off the game room. If not rented by your group, we may access them during your stay—but you’ll have a lockable door for full privacy. This upgrade turns the unit into a 4BR layout (extra fee applies).

We offer extras you won’t find in most listings:
• Concierge options for special occasions
• On-site shop with firewood, Nerf blasters, s’mores kits, and more

Guest access
You’ll have your own private entrance with a keypad lock. Shared areas like the pool and game room are scheduled in advance to make sure every group has personal time. Arrival instructions are sent before check-in.

Other things to note
• Great for families
• No indoor smoking or vaping. Outdoor smoking area provided. ($150 min. fee if violated)
• Guests within 50 miles must book 2+ nights, complete a short questionnaire, and leave a $250 refundable deposit
• $25/night per guest after 6 guests
• Weekly stays = 10% off | Monthly stays = 25% off
• Parties/events welcome with approval. Larger events may require 4BR upgrade
• Rental agreement, valid email & billing address required before check-in
• Use Google Maps (not Apple Maps) for directions
• Exterior security cameras and Ring doorbells at all entrances
• Pets welcome with $100 refundable deposit if house-trained, bathed weekly, and crated when unattended
• Check-in is 24/7 with keypad. In-person welcome available 9 AM–8 PM
• STRP Permit: CASR-20151341

🎶 Come Experience Nashville’s Music Heritage

This is more than a place to sleep—it’s a stay steeped in Nashville roots. From the hot tub to the firepit to playing Brenda Lee classics inside a space that echoes her early life, we’d love to welcome you to a truly memorable Tennessee getaway.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Greg
Host User ID: 53848573
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/53848573
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
If you are searching for the perfect vacation experience we work hard for you every day to earn your business. We specialize in renting the right home to the right guest. Every day!
Do we know the area? You bet we do! If you are looking for the inside info on the best attractions and leisure activities, the best restaurants, nightlife and shopping venues, the best of everything – you have come to the right place. We are well prepared to provide you with personalized recommendations and service to ensure a holiday that matches your needs and dreams. We are here to help you experience the perfect vacation. Our goal is to provide customized service leading to greater customer satisfaction which will leave you wanting to vacation with us again and again.

We love to minister to people and share what God has blessed us with.

We hope you will come and visit our properties.

We look forward to hearing from you and delivering a level of service exceeding your expectations.
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
394 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting