URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1736296069050834929
Latitude: 36.13702
Longitude: -86.80171
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Belcourt by AvantStay. This bright one-bedroom retreat sits in the heart of Hillsboro Village, where tree-lined streets, indie shops, and some of Nashville's best brunch lines are all just outside the door.

🚶 Walk to Vanderbilt, Belmont & the Village
♿ Accessible layout with elevator access
🌆 Shared outdoor terrace with seating

The space
There's a version of Nashville that lives in Hillsboro Village — tree-lined streets, independent bookshops, and a theater marquee that's anchored the neighborhood for the better part of a century. Belcourt, AvantStay's one-bedroom retreat, sits right in the middle of it, within easy reach of the cafés, boutiques, and morning-pancake lines that give the Village its character.

The location does a lot of the work here. The historic Belcourt Theatre — the street your home is named for — is a short stroll away, along with Biscuit Love for brunch and the perennial Pancake Pantry, where the wait is half the ritual. Vanderbilt and Belmont are both close enough to reach on foot, making this an easy base for a campus visit, a graduation weekend, or game day. When you want the neon and honky-tonks of Broadway, downtown is a ten- to fifteen-minute drive; when you'd rather stay close, Belmont Mansion and the shops of the Village are minutes away.

Inside, the space is bright and comfortable, with warm wood tones, curated artwork, and the kind of considered details that make a room feel finished rather than simply furnished. The fully equipped kitchen covers everything from early coffee to a proper dinner, and the living area is built for slow evenings — a streamed movie, a good book, or a quiet nightcap after a day out.

Designed with accessibility in mind, this ADA residence includes in-unit laundry, central heating and air, and elevator access for an easy arrival. Guests also share the building's outdoor terrace, a relaxed spot with comfortable seating to catch the evening air or swap recommendations with fellow travelers.

Come for live music, a university weekend, or a longer stay — and settle into one of Nashville's most walkable corners, with the best of the city just outside the door.

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

While all units provide the same great amenities and overall experience, each space has its own unique layout and décor. Some units include balconies that overlook the terrace, while some include outdoor spaces that lead directly to the terrace. The exact unit you receive may vary slightly from the photos.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- This unit has a private balcony.

Parking Details:

• Parking is available for a flat $14/day with in/out privileges when you register your vehicle on your check-in day before arriving at the garage.
• Park only in the gated section of the garage. Enter via the ramp on Belcourt Avenue directly across from the Belcourt Theatre at 2111 Belcourt Ave, between Blo and Anzie Blue. Do not enter or park in the garage section accessed from the back alley. Your parking registration is not valid there, and you may receive a ticket.

Registration Details
2020016030

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting