URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1045208829589375316
Latitude: 36.19429
Longitude: -86.77872
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Cumberland Social is a group-ready Nashville townhome built for effortless hosting—an open-concept kitchen and living level for gathering, plus a rooftop retreat with a premium hot tub, dining table, refrigerator, and lounge seating. With a true 4 bed/4 bath en-suite setup, a private 2-car garage, and free street parking, it’s an easy home base for celebration weekends and friend trips.

PLEASE NOTE: The hot tub is back in service for our guests to enjoy!

The space
Cumberland Social, is a multi-level townhome in a row-style community, designed for trips where the house is part of the fun. The open-concept main level gives your group plenty of space to cook, connect, and keep the vibe going, with a layout that feels social and comfortable.

Up top, the rooftop is your private hangout—premium hot tub, dining table, refrigerator, and multiple seating zones for day-to-night lounging. It’s perfect for slow mornings, sunset toasts, and late-night wind-downs after exploring the city.

When it’s time to recharge, the home features a true 4 bed/4 bath en-suite setup, ideal for group privacy and smoother mornings. Parking is simple with a private 2-car garage plus free street parking. Note: stairs are required throughout the home (multiple levels plus rooftop), so it may not be the best fit for guests who prefer minimal stair use or families with very young children.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements
BEDROOM 1: 1 KING BED W/ TWIN DAY BED	
BEDROOM 2: 1 KING BED W/ TWIN DAY BED	
BEDROOM 3: 1 QUEEN BED
BEDROOM 4: 2 QUEEN BEDS

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, laundry and dishwasher pods, plus a Digital Survival Guide with everything you need to know about the unit and local neighborhood. 

⭐ About Humming Host 
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays. Our local hosting team ensures each home is ready before arrival, and our guest relations team is available 24/7 before, during, and after your stay.

Guest access
Check-in is simple with smart locks. Before your arrival, we’ll send detailed instructions with your door codes, directions to the unit, and any access info for shared amenities or parking. Please review these notes ahead of time to ensure a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
★Smoke-Free Home ★
 Smoking is not permitted inside the home or common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal. 
 

 ★Supplies & Essentials★
 We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.
 

 ★Families & Baby Gear★
 Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play, hook-on/high chair, and baby gate (in homes with stairs) are available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.
 

 ★Maintenance & Repairs★ 
 Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.
 

 ★Stairs & Multi-Level Layout★
 This townhome spans three interior floors plus a rooftop outdoor space, and stairs are required to access the bedrooms, living areas, and rooftop. Because of the multi-level layout, the home may not be the best fit for guests with mobility considerations, those who prefer minimal stair use, or families traveling with very young children who may be sensitive to frequent stair climbing.
 

 ★Large Groups & Double Booking Option★
 Traveling with a bigger group? If your party is larger than 12, please message us before booking. We also host a sister townhome just one unit away, and when booked together, the two homes can accommodate up to 24 guests—ideal for reunions, wedding groups, team trips, and celebration weekends.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Luke
Host User ID: 448457901
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/448457901
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Indiana University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
381 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting