URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1056512664289370860
Latitude: 36.1386
Longitude: -86.7874
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Rooftop Experience: Start your night on your private Rooftop Sky Deck with panoramic city views. Whether you are a Bachelorette squad or a family group, this is the perfect "Pre-Game" spot before a 5-minute Uber to Broadway.

The Ultimate "Golden Triangle" Location: Why choose one neighborhood when you can have them all? Located in trendy Edgehill, you are perfectly positioned between the luxury of The Gulch, the shopping of 12 South, and the history of Music Row.

STRP# 2021#073929

The space
Edgehill Rooftop 🥂 Walk to Gulch & 12 South | 2 King Beds

1119 Summit | Near Edgehill Village & Taco Mamacita

Welcome to your Nashville home base in the heart of the Golden Triangle—where Edgehill Village, The Gulch, and 12 South all collide. Why choose one neighborhood when you can stay right in the middle of Nashville’s most walkable, desirable area?

This modern townhome offers a private rooftop sky deck, a rare two–King bed layout, and a smart split-floor plan designed for comfort, privacy, and unforgettable group trips.

🌟 Why Guests Love This Home

✅ 3 King Beds — A true Nashville unicorn. Two spacious King bedrooms mean no arguing over the best room.

🥂 Private Rooftop Deck — Panoramic city views and the perfect pre-game spot before heading out.

🚶 Walk to Edgehill Village & Taco Mamacita — Brunch, tacos, coffee, and cocktails just steps away.

📍 Golden Triangle Location — Minutes to The Gulch, 12 South, Music Row, and Broadway.

🏠 Split-Level Layout — Bedrooms spread across floors for maximum privacy.

🌇 The Rooftop Experience

Kick off your evenings on your private rooftop sky deck, complete with seating and skyline views. Whether it’s sunset drinks, late-night hangs, or a quiet morning coffee, this space is a guest favorite. Broadway is just a 5-minute Uber, so you get the fun without the chaos.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps Up to 10)

Penthouse Suite #1 (3rd Floor)
King Bed 👑 + Private En-Suite Bathroom — total privacy and comfort.

Penthouse Suite #2 (3rd Floor)
King Bed 👑 — the second “primary” suite (no coin flips needed).

Private bedroom (2nd Floor)
King Bed - there is a half bath in this room, this bedroom is off of the kitchen with barn doors for privacy

Guest Suite (1st Floor)
Queen Bed — ideal for guests who prefer fewer stairs. Full bathroom and living area in this suite.

Living Room
Sleeper Sofa + Air Mattress available for larger groups.

🍽 Space & Amenities

Chef’s Kitchen
Large island with bar seating—perfect for group meals, snacks, or ordering in.

Open-Concept Living Area
Designed for hanging out, featuring a large TV and plenty of seating.

Work From Nashville
High-speed WiFi and dedicated workspaces make this ideal for business travelers and longer stays.

📍 Location, Location, Location

You’re staying in one of Nashville’s most coveted pockets—central, walkable, and vibrant.

Edgehill Village (2-minute walk)
Taco Mamacita, local coffee shops, and neighborhood favorites.

The Gulch (15-minute walk / 3-minute drive)
The Wings mural, Superica, Kittenish, and upscale dining.

12 South (5-minute drive)
Draper James, Frothy Monkey, boutique shopping, and Sevier Park.

Broadway & Downtown (5-minute Uber)
Close enough to enjoy—far enough to sleep peacefully.

Guest access
🔐 Guest Access

Enjoy seamless self check-in with a keyless entry system. A unique door code will be created exclusively for your group—no keys to juggle or lose.

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting