URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1767571794207048802
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.8204
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Marlowe by Elevay & Co. Experience a luxe Nashville getaway featuring a private rooftop oasis and an epic garage game room. Located just minutes from Broadway and a short walk to Centennial Park, this stunning 4-bedroom, 4.5-bath townhome provides the perfect high-end retreat for groups, bachelorettes, and weekend celebrations looking for style, entertainment, and connection. Bring the whole family to this great place with lots of room for fun.

The space
Start the morning with coffee in the expansive kitchen, head out to explore Nashville, then come home and take the evening upstairs. The private rooftop gives your group a place to relax, enjoy the city views, gather around the fire pit, and keep the night going without having to leave home.

✨ What You'll Love

🌇 Private rooftop with Nashville city views, sun loungers, and a grill
🔥 Fire pit for relaxed evenings with your group
🕹️ Game room featuring ping pong, arcade games, a wine fridge, and a popcorn machine
🛏️ 4 bedrooms + 4.5 bathrooms
🍽️ Large, luxe kitchen with plenty of space to gather
🛋️ Luxe design with multiple living spaces for relaxing and hanging out
🎶 Just minutes from Broadway, downtown, restaurants & nightlife
✅ Early check-in & late check-out when available

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (4BR/4.5BA)
Bedroom 1: 1 King Bed
Bedroom 2: 1 King Bed
Bedroom 3: 1 Queen Bed
Bedroom 4: 2 Full Beds & 2 Twin Bunk Beds

Each bedroom is designed to give guests a comfortable place to recharge after a full day in Nashville. With 4.5 bathrooms, getting ready is easy, no waiting in line when the whole group is trying to head out.

🕹️ Epic Garage Game Room
We’ve transformed the garage into a dedicated entertainment lounge. Challenge your friends to ping pong or classic arcade games, grab a drink from the wine fridge, and make fresh snacks with the popcorn machine while hanging out in the comfortable seating area.

☕ Mornings in Nashville
Take your time in the morning with coffee and breakfast before heading out to explore. The expansive kitchen is stocked with the essentials you'll need for everything from a quick cup of coffee to a full group breakfast. There's plenty of space to gather, plan the day, and get everyone out the door without feeling rushed.

🌆 Rooftop Nights
The rooftop is where the home really comes alive. Head upstairs around golden hour to fire up the grill, relax on the sun loungers, and take in the Nashville skyline from your private outdoor space. Settle in around the fire pit, grab a drink, and enjoy some downtime with your group.

🍽️ Eat, Sip & Unwind
This luxe home was built for groups, room to spread out on your own, and space to come back together when it's time to hang. Prepare breakfast before heading out, grab a quick snack between plans, or gather around the kitchen for dinner before a night downtown. When you're back home, choose your spot — stretch out in the living room, hit the game room, or head to the rooftop.

🏙️ Location Highlights
🏛️ Steps to Centennial Park & OneCity (shops, restaurants, coffee, gyms, etc.)
🎶 Minutes to Broadway & Nashville nightlife
🏙️ Minutes to Downtown Nashville
🍴 Close to restaurants, bars & local favorites
🎸 Easy access to Nashville's top attractions

You'll be close to the action without having to stay right in the middle of it.

🅿️ Parking
Parking is street parking only and is available on a first-come, first-serve basis. (The garage has been completely converted into the game room for your enjoyment). If you park in the alley behind the garage, there's a chance you will get towed.

WE DO NOT RENT TO LOCALS; ALL LOCALS MUST INQUIRE.

STRP #2026077158

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge, kitchen, living area, bedrooms, and bathrooms.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

STRP #2026077158

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting