URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1582033247966047157
Latitude: 36.12948
Longitude: -86.75329
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to one of Nashville's most stylish group retreats. This four-level getaway combines playful luxury with boutique-hotel comfort, featuring designer finishes, rooftop skyline views, and plenty of room to celebrate together. Whether you're here for a bachelorette, birthday, concert weekend, sports or soccer tournament, or girls' getaway, you're just minutes from Broadway. Fall Promotion: Book a 3 night weekend (Th-Sun) and get Wednesday Free! ✨

The space
This is the kind of home that gets everyone excited before you even arrive.

💎 A stylish four-level Nashville retreat filled with color, sparkle, and personality—designed for laughter, late-night conversations, and unforgettable weekends with your favorite people. Think playful glam, luxurious finishes, and plenty of space for your entire crew to relax, celebrate, and make memories together.

🏡 The Layout

First Floor

🚗 Pull right into the garage and unpack with ease. Guests enjoy secure, off-street parking—a rare convenience this close to downtown. This level features a cheerful bedroom with two queen-over-queen bunk beds, dramatic floral ceiling wallpaper, and a private full bathroom with tub. It's the perfect tucked-away suite for friends or family members who appreciate a little extra privacy.

Second Floor

🛋 The heart of the home.

An open-concept living, dining, and kitchen space that's bright, inviting, and effortlessly stylish. A stunning glass chandelier anchors the living room, surrounded by oversized mirrors, modern artwork, and comfortable seating for morning coffee, afternoon cocktails, or planning your Nashville adventures.

The designer kitchen features marble waterfall countertops, a fully stocked coffee bar, and everything needed to prepare brunch before heading downtown.

A stylish full bathroom with a glass walk-in shower serves this floor, along with a beautifully decorated bedroom featuring luxe wallpaper, a queen bed, and a twin trundle.

Third Floor

🛏 Boutique-hotel comfort meets cozy sleepover vibes.

The colorful bunk room sleeps six with two custom bunk sets and trundles—perfect for groups who want to stay together.

Nearby, a spacious full bathroom with tub makes getting ready easy, while the primary suite offers a king bed, TV, and a private spa-inspired bathroom with an oversized custom-tiled shower.

You'll also discover the home's playful "Sleep Nest"—a cozy alcove wrapped in vibrant pink wallpaper with custom drapery and privacy curtains. Sleeping three additional guests, it's quickly become everyone's favorite spot for late-night chats, movies, and plenty of laughs.

Fourth Floor

🌄 The rooftop deck is where Nashville shines.

Enjoy downtown skyline views while sipping your morning coffee or unwinding with evening drinks after a day exploring Music City. It's the perfect place to gather before heading out—or after coming home.

✨ Style & Comfort

🛏 Every bedroom has its own personality with designer wallpaper, lucite ceiling fans, custom drapery, blackout curtains, plush mattresses, and luxury bedding for a restful night's sleep.

🚿 Bathrooms are stocked with soft Turkish towels, premium shampoo, conditioner, and body wash to give your stay a boutique-hotel feel.

📶 High-speed Wi-Fi keeps everyone connected, while spacious gathering areas give your group plenty of room to spread out, relax, and enjoy time together.

📍 Close to Everything

Everything that makes Nashville famous is just a quick rideshare away. Approximate drive times:

✈️ Nashville International Airport – 15 minutes

🎸 Lower Broadway – 10 minutes

🎶 The Gulch – 8 minutes

🎤 Bridgestone Arena – 10 minutes

🏈 Nissan Stadium – 12 minutes

🏟 Vanderbilt University – 10 minutes
         Belmont University - 5 minutes

⚽ GEODIS Soccer Park, Nashville Speedway and the Truth Music Venue – 6 minutes

✨ Amenities

🚗 Secure garage parking

🍳☕ Fully equipped designer kitchen with coffee bar

🛏 Flexible sleeping arrangements for larger groups

🌄 Private rooftop deck with comfortable seating

📶 High-speed Wi-Fi

🔑 Self Check-In

🧺 Washer & Dryer

💎 Thoughtfully curated designer décor

🎶🎸🏈 Convenient access to Nashville's music, dining, sports, and nightlife

⏰ Easy Check-In & Check-Out

Whether you're celebrating a bachelorette weekend, a birthday, a girls' getaway, a family gathering, a sports or soccer tournament, or simply planning a memorable trip to Music City, this home offers the perfect balance of style, comfort, and fun.

Pack the boots, cue the playlist, and get ready for a Nashville stay that's every bit as unforgettable as the city itself.

Guest access
Guests have access to all areas of the house except for the supply closet and HVAC closet on the first floor.

Other things to note
We are one of only several units in the development to provide free garage parking. At most of the other units, guests park on city streets and parking spots are extremely limited!

Registration Details
2025102469

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Nash-Vibes
Host User ID: 735398710
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/735398710
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Where I went to school: Wright State Univeristy
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 months hosting
14 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
8 months of hosting