URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1556768546388048896
Latitude: 36.1597
Longitude: -86.836
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★Welcome to The Cowgirl Cottage ★
Bright, Fun, & Close to Downtown!
Step into this charming one-story home in The Nations, one of Nashville’s popular neighborhoods known for its local breweries, trendy eateries, and walkable streets. With its bright, modern aesthetic and cozy touches, this 3-bedroom, 2-bath getaway is the perfect spot for families, friends, or couples looking to relax in Nashville style.

The space
★Highlights★
- Three cozy bedrooms designed for comfort and calm
- Two full bathrooms with modern fixtures and plenty of space to get ready
- Small private backyard — ideal for morning coffee or unwinding after a long day
- Convenient laundry area located toward the back of the home
- Quiet, family-friendly neighborhood just minutes from downtown Nashville
- Private driveway with parking for one to two cars
- Bright natural light throughout the main living area
- Central air conditioning and heating for year-round comfort
- Modern kitchen with everything you need for home-cooked meals
- Pet-Friendly 

★Layout★
Whether you’re here to explore, relax, or do a little of both, The Cowgirl Cottage is your bright and stylish home base in Music City. The open-concept living area is designed for comfort—perfect for unwinding after a day exploring Music City. The fully equipped kitchen offers everything you need for mornings at home or easy dinners in. Each bedroom contains a queen sized bed and there are two full bathrooms that make getting ready a breeze for groups. There is a small laundry area tucked away towards the back of the home. Finally, there is a charming deck out back with a colorful mural, perfect for photos ops and the perfect place to enjoy morning coffee and evening cocktails. 

★Parking★
There is room in the driveway for 2 cars. 

★The Neighborhood★
Located just minutes from The Nations, this home puts you close to one of Nashville’s most eclectic and evolving neighborhoods. With a growing lineup of local spots to eat, drink, and hang out, there’s plenty to explore nearby. Grab a craft beer at Fat Bottom Brewing, enjoy a laid-back drink at Living Waters Brewing, or stop by Perfectly Fine for cocktails in a casual neighborhood setting. And when you’re ready to explore beyond The Nations, Downtown Nashville, Broadway, and Centennial Park are all just a short drive away. It’s an easy spot to enjoy the energy of Nashville while still having a neighborhood to come home to.

★House Rules★
During your stay, we ask that you remember to be respectful of your neighbors. Quiet hours are from 10pm- 7am. For real, take the party to the Honky Tonks on Broadway. Additionally, thank you for respecting our 'no smoking' policy so that we can keep our properties in the best condition possible. There are also no firearms permitted within the home or on the surrounding property. Should you choose to ignore this, there will be a $300 fine assessed for breaking either of these rules. We thank you for refraining and being respectful of our homes - please don't make us hunt you down for fines as it cuts into our nap time.

Other things to note
★This is a pet-friendly home. ★ Three dog limit with a weight limit of up to 50lbs each. A $75 non-refundable pet fee will be charged per dog. No other pets are permitted. Guest must pick up pet waste and dispose of it accordingly; otherwise a $200 disposal fee will be assessed. All pets must be on a leash when outside the home. Guests are fully responsible for the behavior of any dog(s) they bring to the property. All dogs must be non-aggressive and under control at all times. Any aggression toward neighbors, other guests, animals, or staff—including biting, lunging, or attacks—is strictly prohibited. Guests assume full liability for any injury or damage caused by their dog(s). The Owner/Host is not responsible for any incidents, claims, or expenses resulting from a guest’s dog. If extensive cleaning is required—either inside or outside the property—or if any damage or destruction occurs, additional charges will apply. These charges will be assessed and determined by the host based on the time required and the cost of repairs.

★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home.  Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home.  We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay.  In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee.  Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver.  It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay.  The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior.  Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!).  Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage.  The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines. 

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
Born in the 80s
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23139 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting