URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1742118872029613882
Latitude: 36.1957
Longitude: -86.7775
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Nashville Overlook! Gather your crew for a Nashville getaway with skyline views and room for up to 12. Enjoy coffee or cocktails on the private rooftop, challenge your friends in the indoor backyard game room, then relax together in the spacious living area. With 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, a full kitchen + coffee bar, and easy access to downtown, it's a fun home base for experiencing Nashville together.

The space
The Nashville Overlook is a colorful three-level townhouse designed with group trips in mind. You'll have three bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms, multiple gathering spaces, a private rooftop and our indoor backyard game room — all to yourselves.

At StayBnBCo, hospitality is what we do best. Have questions before you book or need recommendations during your stay? Just send us a message—we're here to help make your Nashville trip unforgettable.

Here's how the home is laid out:

LEVEL ONE

🛏 KING BEDROOM
• 1 King bed
• Dedicated workspace

🎯 INDOOR BACKYARD GAME ROOM
Step into the garage and you'll find one of our favorite spaces in the house — an indoor backyard complete with turf, games, TV, colorful lounge seating and our Nashville cowboy-hat wall.

It's a fun spot for your group to hang out between Nashville adventures or keep the night going without leaving home.

LEVEL TWO

🛏 QUEEN BEDROOM
• 2 Queen beds
• Private balcony
• Access to the primary bathroom

🛏 BUNK ROOM
• 1 Full-over-Full bunk bed
• 1 Twin-over-Twin bunk bed

🚿 BATHROOMS
The primary bathroom can be accessed from the Queen bedroom, and a separate full bathroom is also located on this level.

LEVEL THREE

🍳 KITCHEN + COFFEE BAR
The fully equipped kitchen gives your group a place to prepare everything from a quick breakfast before heading downtown to dinner at home. There's also a dedicated coffee bar for your morning caffeine fix.

🛋 LIVING + DINING
The open-concept living and dining area gives everyone a central place to gather, eat and relax together. A half bathroom is also conveniently located on this level.

🌆 PRIVATE ROOFTOP
Step outside to one of the highlights of The Nashville Overlook: your private rooftop patio.

Gather around the outdoor dining area, settle into the lounge seating and enjoy views toward the Nashville skyline beneath the string lights. It's an ideal spot for morning coffee, dinner before heading downtown or winding down together at the end of the night.

GOOD TO KNOW

This is a three-level townhouse with lots of stairs and no elevator. The bedrooms, main living space and rooftop are on different levels, so guests should be comfortable using stairs throughout their stay.

Throughout the home, you'll also have high-speed Wi-Fi, multiple TVs and plenty of space for your group to spend time together or spread out when you want a little downtime.

Guest access
You'll have private access to the entire townhouse, including the rooftop patio and indoor backyard game room.

A unique keyless entry code will be provided before check-in, making arrival simple and convenient for your group.

Other things to note
🚗 PARKING

Free parking is available on the street directly in front of the home and in the parking lot behind the property.

Parking is first come, first served and spaces are not reserved.

🕒 CHECK-IN + CHECKOUT

• Check-in: 4:00 PM
• Check-out: 10:00 AM
• Early check-in at 2:00 PM: $60, subject to availability
• Late checkout at 12:00 PM: $60, subject to availability

🏠 THREE-LEVEL HOME

The Nashville Overlook is a three-level townhouse with lots of stairs and no elevator.

Bedrooms, living spaces and the rooftop are located on different levels, so this home may not be a good fit for guests who have difficulty with stairs.

🌆 PRIVATE ROOFTOP

The rooftop is private to your group and includes outdoor dining and lounge seating with views toward the Nashville skyline.

We ask guests to be considerate of our neighbors and keep rooftop noise at a reasonable level, especially in the evening.

🚫 NO PARTIES OR EVENTS

We love hosting groups coming to enjoy Nashville, but The Nashville Overlook is not a party house.

Parties, events and unregistered guests beyond the property's maximum occupancy are not permitted.

📍 LOCATION

The home is approximately 10 minutes from downtown Nashville, giving you convenient access to Broadway, live music, restaurants and Nashville attractions while providing a home base outside the busiest part of downtown.

⭐ PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED BY STAYBNBCO

Our local team is here to help from booking through checkout. Have a question about the home or need a recommendation during your stay? Send us a message and we'll be happy to help.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Laura
Host User ID: 63492397
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/63492397
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My work: Project Manager
Fun fact: I live in an RV and travel full-time
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
140 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting