URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1406029949527246061
Latitude: 36.1951
Longitude: -86.7798
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Relax in this stylish 4BR home with a private rooftop deck and hot tub—perfect for soaking up the Nashville skyline. Designed for comfort and connection, it’s great for groups looking to unwind and explore. Enjoy modern finishes, cozy bedrooms, and everything you need for a laid-back stay. Whether you're heading to Broadway or staying in to chill, this spot sets the tone for an unforgettable Nashville experience.

The space
Welcome to your elevated Nashville escape! This modern, group-friendly home features 4 spacious bedrooms, 4 full bathrooms, and 8 beds—perfect for families, friends, or colleagues traveling together. With a private rooftop deck, hot tub, and inviting living spaces, this property was designed for connection, comfort, and unforgettable memories.

Key Features:
• 4 Bedrooms | 4 Bathrooms: Each bedroom is thoughtfully styled with cozy beds, high-quality linens, and plenty of storage. Every bathroom is stocked with high-end amenities, ensuring a relaxing and rejuvenating stay.
• Rooftop Deck + Private Hot Tub: Soak up skyline views from the rooftop deck or unwind in the private hot tub under the stars. This is your go-to spot for morning coffee, evening drinks, or relaxing after a night out.

• Modern Kitchen: Cook and entertain in the fully equipped kitchen, featuring stainless steel appliances, ample counter space, and all the cookware and dishes you need for your stay.
• Open-Concept Living Areas: The main floor features a stylish, open layout with comfy seating, a large dining table, and smart TV—great for movie nights, meals, or planning your Nashville adventures.
• Prime Location: Conveniently situated with easy access to Nashville’s most popular spots. A quick drive gets you to Broadway’s famous honky-tonks, live music venues, local restaurants, and unique shops. Spend your days exploring Music City landmarks like the Country Music Hall of Fame, Ryman Auditorium, and more—all just a short ride away.

Additional Amenities:
• High-speed Wi-Fi throughout
• Smart TVs in the living room and bedrooms
• Central heat & A/C
• In-home washer & dryer
• Free on-site parking

Whether you’re here for the honky-tonks, food scene, or just to unwind, this home offers the perfect launchpad for your Nashville stay. Book now and get ready to enjoy the best of the city with comfort and style!

 This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Hope you enjoy your stay in Nashville!

Guest access
Entire home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting