URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1021950121967174724
Latitude: 36.1544
Longitude: -86.7758
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
DEBUTING our VIP suite!  the ultimate indulgence—sumptuous beds and elevated style. Immerse yourself in the pulsating heart of SOBRO!

★ 7 mn walk to Bdway, 14 mn walk to Nissan Stadium bridge      
★ 2 King beds + 2 Queen                              ★ Private  balcony
★ Gym, with huge climbing wall                ★ Secure, fun bldg  
★ 3 LARGE Roku smart TVs                         ★ Free wifi
★ Resort outdoor POOL, year round       ★ Option to reserve a garage Parking  
★ Firepits & grill

The space
Experience the comfort of our thoughtfully crafted space, featuring two plush, King-size bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms and black out curtains (note: each bedroom has an opening onto the living areas closable with curtains, see photos for description). In the living room, you'll find a Queen-size bed and a pull-out that transforms (you literally pull it out) into another incredibly comfy Queen. All our beds feature semi-firm, cooling memory foam mattresses— to rejuvenate you to your best self after a night of festivities! :D

Amenities:
⊹ ACCESS to Resort style pool & courtyard: BBQ grills, tables, lounge chairs, fire pits
⊹ Two-story gym: well-equipped with weight training, treadmills, ellipticals,
bikes, exercise studio, a very tall rock climbing wall with harnesses... No excuse!
⊹ Top-floor Sky Lounge with outdoor patio
⊹ The Collective: an awesome two story "library space" with easy-access electrical outlets to plug in electronics, and quite nice concrete booths to work peacefully out of!
⊹If you prefer to keep your car parked and explore the area on foot, scooter, or Uber (with no worries about a designated driver;)), we  may be able to reserve parking in the private garage for an additional fee.

STR PERMIT#2018073610

Guest access
As our guests, you will have access to all the world-class amenities of the Burnham, as long as your name is on the airbnb reservation: resort-style outdoor pool (open all year round) with sun chairs (and cabanas for rent, let us know if you'd like to reserve one), a shaded courtyard where you can barbecue, a 2-level, windowed gym with a climbing wall, weights and a studio, as well as the penthouse lounge with its wet bar and city views terrace. 
We may be able to reserve parking for your stay in the garage for $30/night per car. Please let us know as soon as possible how many spots you will need, and we will confirm availability and make the reservation for you.
Important Note: You'll receive an email invitation to download the LATCH app, granting access to all building amenities and your suite throughout your stay. Simply log in, ensure your phone's location and Bluetooth are enabled, and approach the designated black dial located near doors, parking gates, and inside elevators 2 and 3 to unlock (You won't need it in the main "gold" elevator).

Other things to note
The LATCH app will be your key-less sesame to enter every space, including your unit, elevator 2 and 3 (the main elevator is open to all), the garage gate if you rented parking spaces, and all the building amenities. You will want each guest to have it on their phone to go in and out freely.
(If you do not wish to use a smart phone, door codes are also available for convenient entry.)

We love children and warmly embrace guests with little ones. Yet, we recognize that our home may not be entirely "childproof" for toddlers, and we want to be transparent about it. 

Kindly be aware that this building is centrally located in downtown Nashville. We cannot assume responsibility for any uncontrollable external factors, including noise, private or public events, construction, etc., that may occur in the vicinity during your stay. This is a multifamily complex where the management oversees the amenities, common areas, and maintenance of both the exterior and shared interior spaces. This includes the upkeep of appliances and the physical condition of the apartment, covering aspects such as plumbing, electrical, pool, HVAC, and more. It's important to note that these elements are beyond our personal control. We are obligated to adhere to the building's protocols regarding maintenance issues and timelines for resolution.

We take care (and pride) in all other aspects personally, to provide a delightful stay. Our commitment is to create a fantastic experience and to ensure that your time in Nashville is not just a stay but a chance to truly immerse yourself in the local lifestyle!

Please note that the building amenities, including the pool, grills, gym, courtyard, and fire pits, may be subject to closure/maintenance. While such occurrences are rare, please take note of this before booking, as we regretfully cannot offer refunds for any instances of unavailability.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Cedric And Valerie
Host User ID: 32015057
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/32015057
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English and French
Lives in New York, New York
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
1456 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting