URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1668209083300870806
Latitude: 36.14037436372797
Longitude: -86.79357597257783
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Boutique oasis nestled on Historic Music Row, where luxury resides. Indulge in treetop city vistas from its third-floor rooftop terrace, complete with a soothing hot tub. Right in the heart of Music City, mins from the iconic Broadway, Vanderbilt, and Belmont, and surrounded by renowned recording studios. 4 spacious bedrooms w/ en-suite bathrooms; a sanctuary of comfort and privacy. 2 parking spots, you can explore the area with ease, indulging in the nearby restaurants, shops and cafes.

The space
This unique property with roof deck and hot tub is nestled right on the renowned Music Row. Situated within walking distance to the prestigious Belmont and Vanderbilt University campuses, as well as an abundance of renowned restaurants and vibrant nightlife, this 2,000-square-foot haven offers the ultimate in convenience and sophistication
.
Unparalleled Accommodations:
Meticulously designed with the discerning traveler in mind, this four-bedroom, four-and-a-half-bathroom retreat can comfortably accommodate up to 12 guests. Each bedroom has been professionally appointed with the utmost attention to detail, ensuring the pinnacle of comfort and style. Guests will delight in the privacy afforded by the en-suite bathrooms in every bedroom.

Elevated Amenities:
The entrance level features two king-sized bedrooms, each with an en-suite full bathroom and a walk-in shower, complemented by smart televisions. An additional king-sized bedroom graces the second level, along with a bedroom with two twin beds, both have en-suite full bathrooms and walk-in showers. There are also 2 twin hotel style rollaways available in bedroom closet.
The crowning jewel of this exceptional property is the third-level oasis, boasting a fully equipped kitchen, a spacious living area, and a half-bathroom. Step outside to the expansive balcony, where you can indulge in the soothing warmth of the private hot tub while taking in the breathtaking views of the Nashville skyline.

Guests can enjoy the convenience of two dedicated parking spots, located off the alley behind the units.
Please note that in order to maintain the integrity of this exceptional property, the host has a strict policy against any decorations being adhered to the walls, fixtures, or furniture. However, the host is pleased to partner with renowned decorating companies to create a customized experience for special occasions.

Entrance Level:
Bedroom 1: (2) Twin Bedroom w/ensuite full bathroom with walk in shower + Smart TV
Bedroom 2: (1) King Bedroom w/ensuite full bathroom with walk in shower + Smart TV

Second Level:
Bedroom 3: (1) King Bedroom w/ensuite full bathroom with walk in shower + Smart TV
Bedroom 4: (1) King Bedroom w/ensuite full bathroom with walk in shower + Smart TV

Two twin Hotel-Style Rollaways are available for use.

Third Level:
Kitchen
Living Area
1/2 Bathroom
Balcony with Hot Tub + Outdoor Furniture and VIEWS of Nashville!

There are 4 bedrooms / 8 beds total: (3) Kings, (2) Twins, (2) Twin rollaway beds, (1) sofa bed!

Parking: Each reservation has 2 parking spots. Parking is located behind the units off the alley.

HOT TUB: Our hot tub is serviced weekly, and it may fall during your stay. Our service tech must enter the house to service the hot tub on the roof deck, so guests must agree (prior to booking) to allow them in to service the hot tub to keep it maintained. They will ring the bell before entry!

Guest access
Guest has access to the entire house except the locked closets.

Other things to note
** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!
**HOT TUB RULES:
In order to keep Hot Tub from malfunctioning, please agree to this before booking. Otherwise you will incur a fee
1 - Keep lid on when not in use
2 - Keep temp 96-98
3 - Do not turn off breaker 

HOT TUB: Our hot tub is serviced weekly, and it may fall during your stay. Our service tech must enter the house to service the hot tub on the roof deck, so guests must agree (prior to booking) to allow them in to service the hot tub to keep it maintained. They will ring the bell before entry!

**No Local Guests without further vetting. Not to be used to host parties. No pets due to severe family allergies. Guests must agree to our rental agreement/disclaimer before booking.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Favorite song in high school: Baby Blue, George Strait
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5415 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting