URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/781860613052141357
Latitude: 36.1785
Longitude: -86.7588
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Ultimate Group Experience: Say goodbye to bathroom lines! This luxury townhome features 4 Private Bedrooms and 6 Full Bathrooms—meaning everyone gets their own space to get ready for Broadway.
The East Bank Advantage: Located in the booming East Bank district, you are less than a mile from Nissan Stadium (Titans/Concerts) and a quick 5-minute Uber across the bridge to downtown.

The space
Skyline Vue 🌆 | 4 Private Suites + 6 Baths | River North

Perfect for large groups, this Nashville home features 4 private suites with ensuite baths—no waiting! 

Located in River North, walking distance to Oracle Campus and minutes to Top Golf, plus a quick Uber to Broadway. Enjoy a rooftop deck with skyline views, game courtyard, fully stocked chef’s kitchen, high-speed WiFi, and private garage parking.

🏙 Location Highlights – East Bank / River North

Near Oracle Campus: Walking distance to offices and tech hubs

Minutes to Top Golf: Perfect for large group fun

Nissan Stadium: Less than 1 mile for Titans games & concerts

Broadway: Quick 5-minute Uber across the river

Walkable Amenities: Restaurants, coffee, and shops nearby

Nearby Top Golf Courses:

Top Golf Nashville East – 2 min drive

Topgolf Opry Mills – 10 min drive

Topgolf Cool Springs – 25 min drive

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 12)

Primary Suite: King + Twin Bed + En-Suite Bath 👑

Suite 2: Queen Bed + En-Suite Bath

Suite 3: 2 Twin Beds (convertible to King) + En-Suite Bath

Suite 4: Queen + Twin Bed + En-Suite Bath

Rooftop Lounge: Queen Sleeper Sofa + En-Suite Bath

Living Room: Queen Sleeper Sofa + access to main floor full bath

🍽 The Space & Amenities

Rooftop Sky Deck: Panoramic Nashville skyline views

Game Courtyard: Outdoor grill, cornhole, and seating

Chef’s Kitchen: Fully stocked for large group meals

Garage + Driveway Parking: Free and secure

Work & Play: High-speed WiFi, ample seating, and lounge areas

👥 Large Groups?

We manage multiple units in this complex—perfect for side-by-side bookings accommodating 24, 36, or 48 guests. Message us to coordinate!

📝 Other Things to Note

House Rules: Have fun! No smoking or parties; standard fines apply for damages

Starter Amenities: Toilet paper, paper towels, cleaning sponge, coffee & K-Cups included

Skyline Vue is your private, group-friendly Nashville base—River North location, minutes to Top Golf, and near Oracle Campus make it ideal for fun, work, or celebrations.

Modern & Fun Interior – A vibrant color palette and thoughtful design create a stylish, comfortable space for entertaining 🎨

Private Courtyard & Outdoor Games – A shared space with a grill and plenty of room for outdoor fun 🍔🏐

Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 12):
Primary Bedroom: King Bed + Twin Bed with en suite Full Bath 🛏️

Bedroom 2: Queen Bed with en suite Full Bath 🛏️

Bedroom 3: 2 Twin Beds (king converter available upon request) with en suite Full Bath 🛏️

Bedroom 4: Queen Bed + Twin Bed with en suite Full Bath 🛏️

Rooftop Lounge: Queen Sleeper Sofa with en suite Full Bath 🛋️

Living Room: Queen Sleeper Sofa with access to Full Bathroom on Main Floor 🛋️

Living Space & Amenities:
Full Kitchen – Equipped with everything you need to cook, eat, and drink 🍽️

Bar Buffet – Complete with glassware and accessories to get the party started 🍸

Large Courtyard – Shared with the other units, featuring a grill and outdoor games 🌳

Private Driveway & Garage – Ample parking for your convenience 🚗

Full-Size Washers/Dryers – So you can pack light and always be prepared 🧺

Location, Location, Location!
Skyline Vue is ideally situated for your Nashville adventure. With Broadway’s neon lights, museums, music venues, Vanderbilt, Music Row, 12 South, Belmont, and Midtown all within 5 minutes, you’ll be right in the heart of it all! 🌟

More Than Just a Place to Stay!
Enhance your Nashville experience with a home that’s as fun as the city itself. Whether you're planning a night out or relaxing at home, this space is designed to make your stay unforgettable. And if you’re traveling with a larger group, we’ve got you covered – book this home alongside the other units across the courtyard to accommodate groups of 24, 36, or even 48! 🎉

About Playlist Properties:
We were Nashville’s first licensed vacation rental company, and we’re committed to giving you a "dream home-away-from-home" experience. Our team of local experts is here to help you make the most of your time in Music City. Call us directly for savings or to book this home with another unit next door! 🎶

Let Skyline Vue be the perfect base for your Nashville adventure! ✨

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
STRP# -2021039840

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting