URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1670536858739338825
Latitude: 36.1787
Longitude: -86.7899
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Amazing walkable LOCATION with newly designed and renovated historic home!!  There is something powerful about staying somewhere that has stood the test of time… where original brick, hand-touched beams, and stories from another era meet intentional luxe design and modern comfort. Just 5 minutes from Broadway, tucked in the heart of Germantown, this historic renovated cottage invites you into a space that feels both deeply rooted and completely refreshed.

The space
We built this experience for people who want more than just a place to sleep in Nashville. We wanted to create a stay that feels layered with character, thoughtful in every detail, and effortlessly comfortable from the moment you arrive. This is your retreat away from home.

165 years of history. The Cottage House Retreat, recently featured in Dwell Magazine, is ready for yours.

Located on charming 5th Avenue North, you are steps from Germantown’s favorite coffee shops, restaurants, cocktail bars, and boutiques, yet tucked into a quiet residential pocket that feels calm, private, and distinctly Nashville.

The front porch sets the tone immediately. Morning coffee in the comfy chairs. Evening conversations by the fire pit. The kind of slower rhythm that reminds you why you booked this trip in the first place.

Inside, the hardwood floors carry generations of history beneath your feet, balanced by light-filled spaces and thoughtful sightlines that allow everyone to feel connected without ever feeling crowded.

The living room is where conversations linger longer than expected, anchored by a comfortable sectional and artful touches that feel curated rather than staged. Just beyond, a 12-seat dining table creates space for shared meals, celebrations, and the kind of group moments that become traditions.

The chef’s kitchen is both beautiful and practical, centered around a statement island and breakfast nook designed for slow mornings and late-night snacks. Fully stocked with seasonings, cookware, fresh herb garden and a thoughtfully prepared coffee and looseleaf tea bar, it is ready whether you are preparing a full dinner or simply reheating leftovers between outings. This kitchen also offers filtered water in a separate Aqua True counter top system.

Each spacious bedroom was designed with comfort in mind, balancing privacy with flexibility for groups.
Two king suites offer quiet, elevated retreats after a full day exploring the city. The primary suite features an expansive walk-in closet, ensuite bathroom with dual vanities, and a spa-like soaking tub that encourages you to slow down. 

Upstairs, a loft-style gathering space creates a second living area perfect for movie nights, morning cartoons, or giving the group room to spread out. With the third bedroom offering two queen beds and two twin daybeds (4 twins total), it becomes a favorite space for both kids and adults who want to stay close to the energy of the home.

A separate apartment-style suite offers additional privacy with its own ensuite bathroom, coffee bar, kitchenette, full size fridge/freezer, microwave, and office. Perfect for couples, early risers, or anyone who appreciates their own quiet corner.

The lower level speakeasy game room invites friendly competition around the poker table or darts, late-night laughs around the wet bar, and nostalgic fun with the Golden Tee 3D golf arcade.

Then you can step into the climate-controlled garage wellness space and the experience elevates even further. A 4-person sauna, cold plunge tub, massage chair, free weights, yoga mats, and filtered water station create a private recovery retreat that feels more like a boutique wellness club than a typical vacation rental. As the evening winds down, the private hot tub becomes a gathering point, replaying the best moments of the day while the energy of Music City slowly gives way to something quieter and more personal. It is the kind of space where conversations linger a little longer and plans for tomorrow start to take shape without effort. For extra comfort and privacy, there’s an 8ft privacy fence removing any street views.

Just beyond, the oversized outdoor dining table and grill invite you to settle in for a relaxed evening cookout, where great food, easy laughter, and unhurried time becomes part of the memory you will carry home. 

Some of Germantown’s most loved spots become part of your daily rhythm here. Slow mornings begin at Steadfast Coffee or Monell’s, afternoons wander through the Neuhoff District, and evenings unfold over unforgettable meals at Rolf & Daughters, City House, Pelato, or 5th & Taylor. When the night calls for something a little livelier, bars like Mother’s Ruin, Close Company, and Charmers are close enough to feel spontaneous, while Broadway sits just minutes away when you want the full Nashville energy.

The home is also a one-block stroll that brings you to historic Morgan Park, where kids can burn off energy on the playground, morning walks wind through the arboretum, and the Magdeburg Greenway Trail invites you to slow down and explore. Open green space and shaded paths make it easy for everyone in your group to find their rhythm between the excitement of the city and the calm moments that make a trip truly feel balanced.

Sleeping Arrangements:
Bedroom 1: King bed and Queen Serta pull out couch
Bedroom 2: King bed
Bedroom 3: 2 queen beds and 2 twin daybeds (4 twins total)
Private Apartment Suite: Queen bed and blow up queen mattress 
There’s also an additional full pullout couch bed in the speakeasy.

Location Highlights:
Just steps from your front door, daily indulgences feel effortless. Sitting on the same corner as 5th & Taylor AND Spread Market & Larder. You can stroll over for fresh baked bread, artisan sandwiches, thoughtfully selected wine, local beer, and gourmet essentials that elevate even the simplest moments of your stay. It’s the kind of convenience that quietly transforms a good trip into an unforgettable one, where everything you crave is already waiting just outside.

Additionally, we are also:
60 seconds to some of Germantown's best restaurants, bars, and shopping
5 minutes to Broadway’s honky-tonks & nightlife 
5 Minutes to Whole Foods
6 minutes to Titans Stadium & TopGolf
7 minutes to The Gulch 
10 minutes to BNA Airport
18 minutes to Grand Ole Opry

Parking: 
This home offers tons of free street parking on 5th Avenue North & one private parking spot located in the rear of the home. It’s important to note that this home's garage has been converted and is not eligible for guests to utilize the space for parking. The driveway is a shared space and is suitable only for loading and unloading vehicles. If you’re in need of additional parking, message us and we can try our best to arrange that.

White Glove Concierge Offerings: As this is our secondary residence and hosted selectively, we’re able to offer optional, high-touch concierge support. By request, we can arrange pre-arrival grocery stocking, personalized preparation of the home, private chef services (with advance notice), and coordination of rentals such as cribs. We’re available 24/7 during your stay and focused on making each visit seamless and exceptional.

How to Book: InstantBook is available to guests or you can inquire with questions. To inquire or request, you  may select your desired dates and click to book. This will notify us that you’ve requested to book, and then we will reach out to you through the booking platform. It’s important to note this is a secondary
family residence.

For Your Safety: Exterior security cameras are installed at or above entryways and monitor only the front, back and side entry doors solely for safety and property protection. There are no active interior cameras. Smart home and noise-monitoring systems are used outdoors after 10PM to ensure noise levels are within compliance with the neighborhood courtesy.

All locals must inquire before booking to be approved by the Nashville Luxury Retreat team.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire home, including all the amenities. All entry doors for the home and garage are keyless entry, meaning codes will be sent the day of check-in for seamless access.

Other things to note
PERMIT #2025105782

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Nashville Luxury Retreats
Host User ID: 37047756
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/37047756
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 months hosting
17 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
8 months of hosting