URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/52164196
Latitude: 36.1526
Longitude: -86.7823
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 5
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Center of the Gulch, across the street from the Thompson Hotel, rooftop lounges, M Street Restaurants, and many other restaurants and bars.    Walkable to Broadway,  Bridgestone Arena, Convention center etc.   Uber ride very accessible.   The famous Wing Mural is around the corner.   Visiting and want a workout?  Besides the gym in the building Barry's Bootcamp and cyle bar are around the corner. 

***Our home is part of a residential building, not a hotel. When you stay here, you

The space
Have a stay full of lasting memories with the locals and transplants alike in Nashville's most popular downtown neighborhood! This chic apartment is perfectly located near many of the Nashville hot spots you've heard of. Stay close enough to the action to be the first in line at Biscuit Love or walk to your reservations at some of Nashville's most well-known eateries. Either way, the shops, boutiques, and entertainment will give you ample opportunity to stretch your legs and explore the best of what Nashville has to offer all within a few blocks. You will love your stay in our home and you'll be energized by the neighborhood vibe, we know it!

This apartment features an open concept dining and living area with a private patio so you can relax from the bustling activity that the Gulch has to offer! To the right of the kitchen is a black granite desk, matching the island, if you need to handle some business while you stay with us. You'll love enjoying the patio in between emails!

Also, to the right when you enter the space, you'll have a private hallway with a washer/dryer, so you can have a blast and not worry about stains on your best 'going out' attire! Laundry may not be fun for everyone, but you can enjoy Nashville with ease knowing you don't have to worry if you were to need it!

The Master bedroom with an ensuite bathroom is to the left of the open-concept living room, with a modern and bright feel and a large walk-in closet setup for your belongings. With ample space for 2, the bed is a plush foam queen with an extra blanket for comfort. Off of the bedroom is the large ensuite bathroom with bright double vanities and a sizable garden tub with a modern subway tile backsplash, big enough for a few people to get ready at the same time!

The guest bedroom with an ensuite bathroom is to the right of the living space, with a sunny view to the patio, has a comfy queen foam bed and a similar-sized closet. It's hard to tell which of these is the master bedroom sometimes!! The second bedroom connects to an airy (jack and jill) full guest bathroom as well, providing both bedrooms with their own private bathroom experience.

My home is set with everything you need to feel right at home!

Guest access
Kick back, relax and get comfortable! With me, you’re always renting the Entire Space. You’ll have the place all to yourself & feel like you're at your home away from home! 

Note - check-in time is 4 PM and check-out at 10 AM. We are rarely able to offer early check-in or late check-out but there are options to store luggage with different companies in Nashville. There are also several places nearby where our guests can hang out comfortably with their luggage while waiting! :)

Other things to note
Our guests receive 10% off with Rides with TJ! Ask about our discount code when you book! 

We offer a personal concierge service of stocking the apartment with snacks/drinks! Prices vary depending on items. Inquire with your booking!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amanda
Host User ID: 52439653
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/52439653
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Amanda! I’m based in Nashville, currently in my master’s program in counseling at Vanderbilt, and I also teach Pilates. I love creating spaces that feel clean, comfortable, and easy to settle into.

To me, it should feel like an easy place to come back to at the end of the day. I try to make the whole experience simple and seamless, from clear communication to having everything set up the way it should be, so you can relax and enjoy your time in Nashville.
Speaks English, Sign Language, and Spanish
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
11 years hosting
4879 reviews
4.55 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting