URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/44071178
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Historic charm, soaring ceilings, and a one-of-a-kind loft experience await at the Beverly Suite. Located in the iconic Burnham Building in the heart of downtown Nashville, this stylish multi-story condo features an open-concept design and thoughtfully designed sleeping lofts. Just steps from Broadway, top restaurants, live music, and local attractions, it's the perfect stay for couples, friends, business travelers, and city explorers. 🌆

The space
This is a modern loft-style condo, featuring an open layout with bedrooms that overlook the multi-story living room. While each room is equipped with privacy curtains, there is no additional soundproofing. Many guests love the unique design, but please note that it may not be ideal for groups seeking more privacy.

You’ll save BIG by skipping Ubers/Lyfts here —The Beverly is just two blocks from Broadway and Bridgestone Arena, and The Hall of Fame is only one block away. Nearly everything in downtown is within a short walk.

The kitchen is fully equipped and stocked, ensuring a seamless cooking experience. Additionally, our brass bar cart is stocked with all the essentials for mixing your favorite cocktails. The space is adorned with bold wallpapers, complemented by rose-pink velvet accents and industrial-chic metals, creating the perfect downtown escape.

Sleeping Arrangements:

* 1st Floor - Queen Bed + Private Bath
* 1st Floor - Queen-on-Queen Bunkbed + Twin Rollaway Bed + Private Bath
* 2nd Floor - Queen Bed + Queen Air Mattress + Private Bath
* BONUS: Sleeper Sofa in the Living Room

Highlights You’ll Love:

* 3 blocks from iconic Broadway! Walking distance to nearly everything else. 
* Fully equipped kitchen for making exquisite meals, crafting cocktails, and everything in between
* Artfully detailed décor from floor to ceiling
* Building amenities include a swimming pool, fitness center, lounge areas, library, grilling stations and more
* Garage parking for one vehicle 

Nashville will light you up with its rich musical history and vibrant setting for unforgettable nights out with your favorite people! Catch a show, dig into some Nashville Hot Chicken, take a stroll down neon-lit Broadway after dark (popping into one of the many bars and restaurants for a round of drinks and a music set), then come home to bliss and decadence at The Beverly! Your vacation awaits!

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we pride ourselves on being a local company dedicated to offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that meet the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is committed to creating seamless and memorable experiences for every guest.

From carefully curated amenities to personalized service, we go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable.

Thank you for considering The Lyric for your upcoming trip. Don’t forget to add it to your wish list so it’s easy to find again, whether for this trip or a future one.

Guest access
You will be able to access the building and suite via an app called LATCH. It's very easy to use and you'll receive detailed directions once you book.

Other things to note
Open Layout: The bedrooms have cut-out windows with curtains open to the main living space without soundproofing. This design creates a sense of openness and flow, but the lack of soundproofing could pose challenges for privacy and noise control between rooms.

Resort Fee: 
A $25 per night resort fee is included in the price breakdown for each reservation. This fee covers access to all Burnham building amenities, including the resort-style pool, outdoor terrace, two-story clubhouse, sky lounge, state-of-the-art fitness center, and parking for one vehicle. 

Parking: 
One parking space in the garage is included in your resort fee. A parking pass and garage clicker will be provided in the condo upon your arrival. 

Secondly, there is a guest parking area in the building with limited parking availability (about 30-40 spots) which costs $44/night and is paid via a machine in the garage, located by the entrance to the building. 

Quiet Hours are from 10pm - 7am.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5412 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting