URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/11815511
Latitude: 36.1257
Longitude: -86.7907
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our Beechwood Guesthouse, a sun-filled retreat in the heart of 12 South. Glass doors and oversized windows create an airy, open-concept perfect for summer getaways, business, college visits, or girls trips. Walk to restaurants, coffee shops, and bars, with Broadway just 2.5 miles away.

• Walkable to restaurants & bars
• 2.5 miles from Honky Tonk Row
• Keypad entry
• Free WiFi
• Washer & Dryer
• Free parking on-site
• Check-in at 4 pm // Check-out at 10 am

PERMIT# Listed in Pictures

The space
Step inside our guesthouse and you'll be welcomed by an airy, open-concept living space filled with natural light. 

The living room features a comfortable sleeper sofa and opens seamlessly to the kitchenette, creating an inviting space to relax, gather, or plan your Nashville adventures.

The kitchenette is stocked with basic cookware, dinnerware, and a Keurig coffee maker. Please note there is no traditional stove or oven; instead, you'll have access to hot plates and a counter top convection oven for simple meals. A mini fridge is available for leftovers and minimal groceries. 

One full bathroom is conveniently located on the main level.

Open the glass garage door to let the outdoors in and enjoy easy access to the private, fenced backyard perfect for morning coffee or letting little ones play.

Head upstairs to the loft-style second floor, where you'll find a cozy queen bedroom.

Please note that the loft bedroom is open and does not have a door. A second full bathroom is located upstairs for added convenience.

Ideal for couples, small families, or friends traveling together, the guesthouse offers a peaceful retreat just steps from the restaurants, coffee shops, and boutiques of 12 South. Broadway and downtown Nashville are only a short rideshare away.

Guest access
Guest have access to the guesthouse only. Parking and entry are behind the main house on Beechwood Ave. There is parking at the guesthouse for 2 cars.

Other things to note
→ Our nightly minimum varies depending on the time of year and day of the week. Refer to our calendar for the most up to date availability and feel free to message us with any questions. 

→ Is our guesthouse unavailable? Check out our host profile, we have a ton of other listings!

→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.

→ No pets allowed

→  Regarding the guesthouse: Max occupancy is 4 people. There is one bedroom upstairs but note that THERE IS NO BEDROOM DOOR. The bedroom has a queen bed. The second bed is a queen sofa bed in the main floor living room. Laundry is in the unit. There is a dishwasher. Towels & linen are provided (including linen & pillows for the sofa bed). Travel-sized toiletries, a hairdryer, iron, and ironing board are provided. A Keurig machine and basic kitchenware are also provided. The oven is small & the stove is two hot plates rather than a full stovetop. Guests are responsible to provide any additional amenities desired such as additional toilet paper. There is parking for up to 2 cards outside the guest house. Additional parking on the street. 

→ In the winter - don't be afraid to raise up the heat. With all the beautiful windows, the heat doesn't stay unless the temp is set a touch higher. Additionally, we provide two space heaters & blankets for extra comfort.

→ After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival, if booking same day, you may call our team as soon as you've booked. Please ensure your number on your Airbnb profile is up to date.

→ Rest assured, our team is around 24/7 for any emergency that may arise.

→ For tips on places to eat, things to do, & all things #Nashville find us on Insta (@urbannashvacations).

→ Permit # can be found in the photo captions.

Registration Details
2017057152

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: UrbanNashville
Host User ID: 6855810
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6855810
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We are UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals. We're a small, locally owned management company. We pride ourselves in providing the best rental experience for you while you visit Music City! 

Our properties are located all over popular areas of Nashville. We have a spot for every traveller.

If you need any recommendations for the best places to check out, let us know! The chances are good that we have been there, and tried that. We look forward to hosting you

- Paige, Jordan & Adisson
My work: Nashville Enthusiast
Most useless skill: Junk journaling my travels
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
14236 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting