URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1417580295685601315
Latitude: 36.196
Longitude: -86.7736
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 12
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Limbo, your Nashville retreat where cozy vibes meet the city’s energy. Located just minutes from Germantown, relax in the living room with a Smart TV, prepare festive meals in the fully equipped kitchen, or unwind in the king suite and playful bunk rooms. By day, explore East Nashville; by night, catch live shows at Nissan Stadium, hunt for vinyl in hidden shops, or enjoy late-night bites on Broadway. Book your stay at Limbo and make unforgettable Music City memories!

The space
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THIS PROPERTY, PLEASE READ THE LISTING ENTIRELY. By booking, the guest agrees they have read all the details about the property and agree to our terms and conditions.

⭐ Amenities:
- 5 Minutes to Germantown
- Open Concept Living Area
- Fully Equipped Kitchen
- Smart TVs
- Private Garage
- In-Unit Washer and Dryer!

🛋️ Living Areas:
- Cozy Furnishings
- Smart TV
- Coffee Table

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Fully Equipped Kitchen with Stainless Steel Appliances
- Fridge, Dishwasher, Single Oven, 5-Burner Stove, Microwave, & Toaster
- Keurig Coffee Maker with Coffee!
- Dining Table for 4
- Bar Seating for 2
- Open Counter Space
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom (2nd Floor): King Bed with a Smart TV, Walk-In Closet, Private Balcony, and En-Suite Bathroom
- 2nd Bedroom (2nd Floor): 2 Twin Beds Over 2 Twin Beds (Bunk Bed Style)
- 3rd Bedroom (2nd Floor): 1 Full Bed Over 2 Twin Beds (Bunk Bed Style) with a Closet
- 4th Bedroom (1st Floor): 2 Twin Beds Over 2 Full Beds (Bunk Bed Style)

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom (2nd Floor): Dual Vanity and Stand-In Shower
- 2nd Bathroom (2nd Floor): Single Vanity and Shower/Tub Combo.
- 3rd Bathroom. (1st Floor): Single Vanity and Shower/Tub Combo.
- Bathroom Starter Kit: 1 Shampoo, 1 Conditioner, 1 Body Wash, 1 Body Bar Soap, 1 Hand Bar Soap, 1 Makeup Wipe, 1 Liner for Trash Can.

🚗 Parking:
- 1 Parking Spot in the Driveway

❗️Notes to Guests & Important Details:
- Nearby construction may result in some noise during your stay. Thank you for understanding.

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance - 
3 min walk: Coneheads
4 min walk: Retrograde Coffee
5 min walk: Nawlinsville

- Driving Distance - 
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
2 mins: Meridian Street Café & Bar
2 mins: Shugga Hi Bakery & Cafe
2 mins: Fancypants
2 mins: Suite Twelve25
3 mins: Eskimo Joe's Ice Cream
3 mins: East Nashville Beer Works
3 mins: All People Coffee & Beverage Hall
4 mins: Turkey and the Wolf Icehouse
4 mins: Crema Coffee Roasters Takeaway Cafe
4 mins: Southern Grist - East Nashville
4 mins: Xiao Bao
5 mins: Redheaded Stranger
5 mins: Germantown
6 mins: East Nashville
6 mins: Close Company Bar
7 mins: Frothy Monkey
7 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
7 mins: Five Points
8 mins: Broadway
8 mins: Topgolf
8 mins: Bongo Java
9 mins: Tennessee State University
9 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
9 mins: Music City Center
9 mins: SOBRO
9 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
10 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Club
10 mins: Fat Bottom Brewing Co
10 mins: Midtown
10 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
10 mins: RCA Studio
10 mins: Vanderbilt University
10 mins: Music Row
10 mins: The Blue Room at Third Man Records
11 mins: The Nations
11 mins: Centennial Park
11 mins: The Parthenon
11 mins: The Gulch
11 mins: Geodis Park
13 mins: McCabe Golf Course
14 mins: Belmont Mansion
15 mins: Grand Ole Opry
19 mins: Nashville Zoo

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service! Please inquire to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within 2 hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided upon request, as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2021 Followed By:2021062541

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home plus garage parking.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms!
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
18089 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting