URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1521805391936844041
Latitude: 36.1428
Longitude: -86.8204
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Introducing The Acklen. Nestled in the West End Corridor, this spacious 2-bedroom retreat is just steps from Centennial Park, Vanderbilt University, and an array of shops, dining, and entertainment. A quick 4-minute drive brings you to the lively Broadway scene. This well-furnished unit features a fully-equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances, a cozy living area with a flat-screen TV, and King-sized beds in the bedroom. Experience the best of Nashville with us!

The space
⭐ Amenities:
- Nestled in the West End Corridor
- 4 Mins to Broadway or Midtown
- Bright and open living room with private access to a balcony
- Spacious kitchen with counter space and breakfast bar seating
- Private balcony
- Dedicated workspace located in the 2nd bedroom
- Smart TVs in every bedroom
- Walk-In showers in bathrooms
- In-unit washer & dryer
- Two car parking garage

🛋️ Living Areas:
- Bright and open living room with board games
- Large sectional and lounge chairs
- Coffee table
- Smart TV
- Private balcony access

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Stainless steel appliances
- Fridge, stove, oven, dishwasher, and microwave
- Keurig & drip coffee maker
- Breakfast bar seating for 6
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom: 1 King bed, smart TV, and en-suite bathroom with walk-in closet
- 2nd Bedroom: 1 King bed, smart TV, private work space, closet space, and en-suite jack-n-jill bathroom
- Additional Sleeping Arrangement: 1 sleeper sofa

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom: Double vanity, large walk-in shower, large walk-in closet, and en-suite bedroom
- 2nd Bathroom: Single vanity, walk-in shower, and en-suite Jack-n-Jill bedroom
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
​​​​​​​
🚗 Parking:
- 2 car parking garage

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
6 min walk: Maggiano's Little Italy
9 min walk: Tito's Mexican Restaurant
9 min walk: Stoney River Steakhouse and Grill
10 min walk: BrickTop's - Nashville
11 min walk: Bombay Palace Restaurant
13 min walk: Centennial Park
13 min walk: Ted's Montana Grill
14 min walk: Red's Hot Chicken
15 min walk: The Parthenon

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
3 mins: Vanderbilt University
4 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
4 mins: Broadway
4 mins: Midtown
4 mins: Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
5 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
5 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
5 mins: Fat Bottom Brewing Co
5 mins: RCA Studio
5 mins: Music Row
5 mins: Tennessee State University
6 mins: McCabe Golf Course
6 mins: Belmont-Hillsboro
6 mins: The Nations
7 mins: The Gulch
7 mins: Belmont Mansion
7 mins: Bongo Java
7 mins: Frothy Monkey
7 mins: The Filling Station
8 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Club
8 mins: Burger Up
8 mins: 12 South
8 mins: Germantown
8 mins: The Blue Room at Third Man Records
8 mins: Geodis Park
9 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
12 mins: Nashville Zoo
18 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- Air Mattresses ($50 - 1 per reservation)
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within 2 hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided upon request, as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2021 Followed By:2021027011

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms! 
	- Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
	 - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
	 - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Scottsdale area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
18089 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting