URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/671778812559146780
Latitude: 36.23101
Longitude: -86.72513
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 13
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This stunning luxury condo, infused with bohemian charm and designer finishes, offers all the comforts you crave—plush, high-end bedding, blazing-fast WiFi, and a balcony and roof top made for relaxation. Set in the heart of East Nashville, you’re steps away from some of the city’s hottest spots!

2 King Beds
4 Queen Beds- 1 Queen in pull out in living room.
1 twin bed

Building Ammenities: Roof top seating area, dedicated parking spot with additional open guest parking and gym on site.

The space
Ready to explore Nashville’s vibrant nightlife in style? The Sage Haven is your dream base for an unforgettable stay in East Nashville. This spacious, bohemian-infused retreat offers the perfect blend of sophistication and comfort, just minutes from the city’s hottest nightlife scenes.

Boho-Chic Oasis: This earthy, designer-styled condo brings together high-end finishes and curated accents for a luxe, comfortable vibe. Unwind in an inviting space where premium fixtures, abundant greenery, and bohemian touches make each moment feel special.

Balcony Bliss: Start your evening with a sunset cocktail on the charming balcony or rooftop, a serene space to recharge before heading out.

Unbeatable Location in East Nashville: Step out into East Nashville’s bustling nightlife with must-visit spots like The Basement East, 3 Crow Bar, and Rosemary & Beauty Queen just a stone’s throw away. Enjoy live music, craft cocktails, and unforgettable evenings—all right outside your door.

Quick Hop to Downtown: When you’re ready to explore Broadway’s legendary honky-tonks, hit the Ryman Auditorium, or dive into late-night bites, downtown Nashville is just minutes away. Embrace the energy of the city’s top attractions with ease!

The Sage Haven isn’t just a place to stay; it’s your luxurious haven amidst Nashville’s lively nightlife. Perfect for couples, friends, or anyone looking to enjoy the city’s renowned music, bars, and dining, this retreat invites you to experience a refined stay with all the excitement Nashville has to offer.

A stunning spacious luxury condo with bohemian infused design, premium finishes, and a charming balcony! Located in vibrant East Nashville near incredible restaurants and ammenities and close to downtown!
Relax in luxury when you book this stunning space,  Located in a brand new luxury condo complex, the earthy tones, abundant greenery, and bohemian infused design will have you enchanted from the moment you step inside.  This home features premium fixtures, finishes, and appliances, creating an unparalleled experience of comfort and convenience. Other features include uniquely curated design accents.
This modern, chic home is one level and features three bedrooms and three bathrooms. Two of the bedrooms have a king bed and the other bedroom has a queen over queen and a twin over queen bed. There is also a queen sleeper sofa in the living room. There is a fully stocked kitchen of supplies, with high end touches throughout,  and a washer and dryer for your convenience.

Here you'll be within a 3 mile radius of some of the best restaurants in the city: Lockeland Table, Red Headed Stranger, The Pharmacy, Hawkers, Mitchell`s Deli, E Rose and more. East Side Bowl is bowling and bar food. The Wash and Hunters Station are fun places to explore and eat where there are multiple options. for amazing veggie and meat hotdogs check out I Dream of Weenie, enjoy Mexican at El Fuego, take out family Italian at Nicoletta, experience fine cuisine and cocktails at Lockeland Table, Lou, or Butcher and the Bee, brunch at Hearts, and finally, enjoy burgers at The Pharmacy. You`ll also be minutes from Kroger, Publix and Walmart. Additionally it`s only 10 minutes from Downtown Nashville, 5 minutes from the Grand Ole Opry and Opry Mills mall, and just a quick 15 minute drive from the airport.

Guest access
Guests will have 100% access to this home.

Other things to note
You are renting a PRIVATE HOME. Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Ron
Host User ID: 34111775
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/34111775
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
It’s MrExekutive!
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
7 years hosting
164 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting