URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1599308271829522576
Latitude: 36.1956
Longitude: -86.7806
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★ Dixieland Delight by AvantStay ★

• Modern townhome just north of downtown Nashville
• Private rooftop deck with hot tub, grill, skyline & river views
• Open-concept living space with full kitchen & breakfast bar seating
• 4 bedrooms, each with a private ensuite bathroom
• Garage game zone with ping pong & karaoke
• Short drive to Broadway, East Nashville, and iconic music venues

The space
Welcome to Dixieland Delight, a sleek, new-build townhome designed for elevated stays and unforgettable Nashville nights. Set just north of downtown, this four-story retreat places you close to the energy of Music City while offering a stylish, private escape to return to at day’s end.

The crown jewel of the home is the private rooftop deck, where skyline and river views stretch out before you. Sink into the bubbling hot tub, fire up the grill for sunset dinners, or lounge under the open sky with a drink in hand—it’s the perfect perch for soaking in Nashville’s rhythm without leaving home.

Inside, the home’s open-concept living space blends clean lines with modern comfort. The fully equipped kitchen features stainless steel appliances, ample prep space, and a breakfast bar lined with bar stools—ideal for casual mornings or pre-dinner gatherings. Thoughtful finishes and natural light give the space an airy, polished feel that’s both welcoming and refined.

The four bedrooms are spread across multiple levels, offering privacy for groups traveling together. Each bedroom features its own ensuite bathroom, creating a hotel-like experience with the convenience of home. Central air, a private washer and dryer, and smart-home touches ensure an easy, comfortable stay throughout.

Downstairs, the fun continues in the garage with ping pong and a karaoke machine, setting the stage for friendly competition and late-night laughs before heading back up to unwind.

Located just a short drive from Broadway, you’re minutes from Nashville’s most iconic attractions—live music venues, honky-tonks, and legendary landmarks like the Ryman Auditorium and Country Music Hall of Fame. East Nashville’s creative scene, local coffee shops, and neighborhood eateries are also close by, offering a more laid-back side of the city to explore between nights out.

Whether you’re here for music, food, or a group getaway with a little edge, Dixieland Delight delivers a polished Nashville stay—high above the rest.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

Vibrant nightlife, country music, and an over-the-top culinary scene? It's true and it's no wonder people rave about "Nashvegas" as a top spot for simply having a good time. Bar hop down Broadway Street to dance to live music at multi-level bars serving up BBQ, or do like the vintage-clad locals do and lay back in East Nashville. You might pass party bikes on your drive-in, so make sure to cheer them on because having fun is part of the culture in Music City!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths: 
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- There is a Ring doorbell camera located at the front door.

Parking Details: 
- Please make sure you park only in the designated property parking locations. If your home offers street parking, please make sure you read all posted signage.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit Number: 202/400/9712

Registration Details
2024009712

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting