URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1684337595077065875
Latitude: 36.1783
Longitude: -86.7507
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Outrider by AvantStay, a bold western-inspired Nashville unit with bright gathering spaces, a full kitchen, record player, second lounge, private balcony, and easy 10–15 minute rideshare access to Broadway, downtown dining, live music, honky-tonks, and nightlife.

4 Bedrooms | 3.5 Bathrooms | Sleeps 12

🎶 Record player + Nashville-inspired style
🛋️ Two lounge areas for group downtime
🌆 Private balcony for coffee or nightcaps

The space
Outrider brings Nashville energy home with bold western-inspired style, bright gathering spaces, and plenty of room for groups. This 4-bedroom suite sleeps up to 12 guests, making it a great fit for families, friend groups, or anyone looking to stay close to the city while enjoying a polished, design-forward retreat. Downtown Nashville and Broadway are just a 10–15 minute rideshare away, so live music, honky-tonks, restaurants, and nightlife are always within easy reach.

Inside, the main level is made for easy connection. The living room offers comfortable seating and a TV for relaxed nights in, while the fully equipped kitchen has everything you need for meals, snacks, and pre-night-out bites. Gather around the dining table for six, pull up a stool at the kitchen counter, or set the mood with the record player for a fun Nashville-style dinner at home.

Upstairs, a second lounge gives the group even more room to spread out, complete with additional seating, another TV, and direct access to the private balcony. Start the morning with coffee outside, unwind with a nightcap, or use it as your own little reset between exploring the city.

Four bedrooms give everyone space to recharge, including a primary bedroom with an ensuite bathroom for added privacy. The 4th bedroom is a bunk room, making it especially useful for kids, friends, or larger groups. With two additional full bathrooms and a convenient half bath, the layout is designed to keep group stays comfortable and easy.

Stylish, spacious, and close to the best of Nashville, Outrider is a lively home base for music-filled nights, laid-back mornings, and memorable group getaways.

We strive to ensure each guest's experience is exceptional. Please note that while the apartment you receive will meet our high standards of comfort and quality, there may be slight variations in layout and design from the images on the listing. Rest assured, your satisfaction is our priority, and we're here to make your stay memorable.

East Nashville is one of Nashville's oldest neighborhoods, located just across the Cumberland River. Known for its eclectic and artsy atmosphere, you'll find some of the city's best restaurants, live music venues, shopping, and easy access to Nissan Stadium. Bonus: all of the excitement of Broadway is just a 10-minute Uber drive away. Don't be surprised if you see one of your favorite musicians walking around this neighborhood, as many of them call it home!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Please note our occupancy includes an additional two beyond bed count. Trifold floor mattresses and additional linens can be provided upon request.
- This home allows pets for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- There are 2 flights of stairs present within the unit. Please note this unit may not be suitable for guests with mobility issues.

Parking Details:
1 parking space is allowed per unit. 
Street parking is available.
Please note: Vehicles must be parked only in approved areas to avoid towing.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

STR Permit Registration Number: 202/204/7731

Registration Details
2022047731

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting