URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1441336418630176542
Latitude: 36.31675572472679
Longitude: -86.94887446834504
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Cheatham County, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Ahhh…your vacation home away from home. Escape to a peaceful family & pet friendly retreat w/Glamping vibes, designed for travelers who value comfort and tranquility. Our fully stocked home is nestled in a quiet, forested neighborhood just 30 mins from downtown Nashville. 

Relax to birds singing and leaves rustling. There’s room for everyone — fur babies, kiddos, and vehicles too, including a 4 car garage w/tandem bay, an EV charger plug and free off street parking for trailer, boat, or 45’ RV!

The space
The Glamping Cottage features tons of room not only for families with children and pets  but also for parking and optional storage. The main floor boasts a primary bedroom , which is an ensuite, and two additional guest bedrooms with another full bath. Through the breezeway, the bonus room has been staged as a 4th bedroom studio with child and baby amenities, cribs, changing stations, children play area with toys, dedicated workspace, gym, and more! Enjoy your morning coffee or evening wine in the four seasons/sunroom off the kitchen which connects to the outdoor deck with an awesome Blackstone grill, all completely surrounded by trees and the sounds of nature. 

Bed 1: King Bed 
Bed: Queen Bed
Bed 3: Day Bed with Twin Trundle
Bed 4: Queen Bed, 2 Pack and Play cribs, Couch

Bringing along the kiddos? We’ve got you covered with 2 pack and play cribs, 2 high chairs, 2 strollers, play pen, baby gate, floor mat, toys, books, and many other children and baby friendly extras. 

Brought a few four legged family members? Great! We've outfitted the home with doggy doors, kitty doors, dog beds and a massive indoor kennel in the temperature controlled pet room.  This room allows access to the fully fenced in yard while limiting access to the home in case you are away from the house but your pets need to have potty breaks.

Traveling with extra baggage and need storage? We got you!  There are two separate garages that hold a total of 5 vehicles. There's also additional parking for other equipment including, but not limited to, a motorhome, camper/RV, boat, trailer, storage pods or a moving van up to 45' in length. Your home away from home is on over an acre of land in a peaceful community only 30 mins from downtown Nashville TN.

Guest access
Guests can utilize all ares of the property except for the following: 

- Outside blue utility shed. It's locked
- Forrest land beyond the back yard fence and of course neighboring yards.
- Areas where the landlord has stored items in the garages are off limits.
- There is a small room with supplies under the house in the garage. That is not to be used except for safety or emergencies.

Other things to note
~ Cleaning List ~
 
This list is for what the maid services attend to. If you feel any of these areas need extra attention, please let us know immediately so we may remedy the situation. If you require maid services during your stay, we can schedule at an additional cost.
 
Kitchen:
o   Clean range and inside oven
o   Clean inside/outside microwave
o   Clean inside refrigerator and freezer
o   Clean surface of appliances with appliance cleaner
o   Clean countertops with supplied countertop cleaner
o   Inspect drawers for debris – vacuum if necessary
o   Wet clean all exterior cabinets 

Bathrooms:
o   Clean mirrors
o   Sanitize inside and outside of all toilets
o   Clean bathtubs and spray shower curtain with cleaner
o   Clean sinks and countertops
o   Sweep and mop floors
o   Wipe out all drawers in bathroom vanity
o   Wet clean all exterior cabinets 

Living and Dining Rooms:
o   Clean leather couch with leather cleaner
o   Dust all wood furniture (and inside tv stand)
o   Clean mirror and plant
o   Clean glass in tv stand
o   Clean fan blades (step stool in closet)
 
Bedrooms:
o   Make beds with provided linens
o   Vacuum under each bed
o   Clean windows
o   Dust all furniture
o   Clean fan blades
o   Sweep/mop floors in room and closet
o   Vacuum inside all drawers and ensure they are free of any items 

Utility Rooms/Pet Rooms:
o   Wet clean exterior of washer and dryer
o   Clean and sanitize sink area
o   Sweep and mop floors 

All Rooms:
o   Vacuum/Sweep all floors
o   Clean Baseboards and door frames
o   Clean glass on windows, windowsills and ledges
o   Spot clean walls where necessary
o   Wet clean all light fixtures and light bulbs
o   Dust all surfaces not previously mentioned
o   Dust and wet clean blinds
o   Wet clean front door and backdoor

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dustin
Host User ID: 1599875
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1599875
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville, TN business owner who loves to travel. I’ve been to 51 countries and enjoy new cultures. Grateful to have a beautiful and fun travel companion who accompanies me everywhere!
My work: Realtor
Most useless skill: I can arrange a big band chart
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a few hours
Superhost
14 years hosting
13 reviews
4.69 out of 5 average rating
14 years of hosting