URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1337037615622426256
Latitude: 36.1494
Longitude: -86.7771
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Nashville at this stylish 2BR, 2BA retreat just steps from The Gulch and a short walk to Broadway. Perfect for families, friends, and business travelers, the apartment features private ensuite bathrooms, a full kitchen, high-speed WiFi, and luxury amenities including a heated saltwater infinity pool, fitness center, and skyline lounge. Enjoy Music City's best dining, nightlife, and attractions right outside your door.

The space
Modern Nashville Retreat Near The Gulch & Broadway

Experience the best of Music City from this spacious and stylish 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom apartment perfectly positioned between The Gulch and Downtown Nashville.

Whether you're visiting for live music, sporting events, business, or a weekend getaway, this comfortable retreat offers the perfect combination of location, convenience, and modern amenities.

Sleeping Arrangements

🛏️ Bedroom 1
• Queen bed
• Smart TV
• Private ensuite bathroom

🛏️ Bedroom 2
• Queen bed
• Smart TV
• Private ensuite bathroom

🛋️ Living Room
• Queen sofa sleeper
• Smart TV
• Open-concept living space

Apartment Features

🍳 Fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances

📶 High-speed WiFi

📺 Smart TVs throughout

🛋️ Spacious living and dining area

🚿 Two private bathrooms

❄️ Central heating and air conditioning

Luxury Building Amenities

🏊 Heated saltwater infinity pool with skyline views

💪 State-of-the-art fitness center

🌆 Resident lounge overlooking downtown Nashville

🚗 On-site parking available for $35/night

Walkable Nashville Attractions

🎻 The Station Inn – 4-minute walk

🖼️ Frist Art Museum – 6-minute walk

🏛️ Music City Center – 10-minute walk

🎤 Broadway Entertainment District – 10-minute walk

🎶 Ryman Auditorium – 13-minute walk

🏆 Country Music Hall of Fame – 13-minute walk

🏟️ Bridgestone Arena – Minutes away

🎸 The Gulch dining, shopping, and nightlife – Steps away

Perfect for couples, families, friend groups, business travelers, and Nashville adventurers looking to stay close to everything Music City has to offer.

Guest access
Guests will have full private access to the apartment and shared access to the building's amenities.

🔑 Access to the building is provided via a key fob. One key fob will be available for your use during your stay and can be used to access the building and applicable common areas.

🏊 Heated saltwater infinity pool

💪 Fitness center

🌆 Resident lounge

🚪 Building common areas

Please note that building amenities and common spaces are shared with other residents and guests.

For security and building policy reasons, only one key fob is provided per reservation. Additional fobs are not available, so we recommend coordinating access with your group accordingly.

Other things to note
⚠️ Building amenities including the pool, fitness center, elevator, and other common facilities are managed by the building and availability cannot be guaranteed. Refunds will not be issued for temporary amenity closures or maintenance.

🏢 Building amenities and common spaces are shared with other residents and guests.

📹 Security cameras are present in common areas including the courtyard, parking areas, lobby, sky lounge, and pool area.

🔑 One key fob is provided per reservation for building access.

📄 Permit #2025007765

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Leah
Host User ID: 180985588
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/180985588
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! I am so excited to host you and am passionate about creating a 5-star experience during your stay. I've been in Nashville about 4 years and fell in love with the city. I'd love to give you recommendations on places to eat or things to do, just let me know!
Born in the 90s
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
959 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting