URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1598828359802846657
Latitude: 36.19748
Longitude: -86.772
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Come stay in our designer luxury Nashville home equipped with a private rooftop and fire pit. An amazing place for your groups Nashville getaway!

The space
✨ Stunning Nashville Home with Private Rooftop & Fire Pit ✨

Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway — a beautifully designed 3-bedroom home that blends modern luxury with comfort, topped off by a private rooftop oasis with a fire pit. Whether you’re in town for music, food, celebrations, or just a stylish escape, this home delivers an unforgettable stay.

⸻

🏡 The Space

Step inside to a light-filled, thoughtfully curated interior featuring upscale finishes, designer furnishings, and an open-concept layout perfect for gathering.
	•	Spacious living area with plush seating and smart TV
	•	Fully equipped modern kitchen with stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, and everything you need to cook or entertain
	•	Dining area ideal for group meals, game nights, or planning your Nashville adventures

Every detail has been carefully selected to create a space that feels elevated yet inviting.

⸻

🛏️ Bedrooms & Bathrooms

The home comfortably sleeps groups while still offering privacy:
	•	3 stylish bedrooms with comfortable beds, premium linens, and ample closet space
	•	Spa-inspired bathrooms with modern vanities, quality towels, and hotel-style amenities

Perfect for friends, couples, or families traveling together.

⸻

🔥 Private Rooftop Retreat

The highlight of the home is the exclusive private rooftop — your own outdoor escape above the city.
	•	Cozy fire pit for evenings under the stars
	•	Lounge seating ideal for relaxing, socializing, or enjoying a nightcap
	•	Perfect for morning coffee, sunset views, or winding down after a night out

This space truly sets the home apart.

⸻

📍 Location – Nashville at Your Fingertips

Located just minutes from Nashville’s most popular attractions:
	•	Short drive to Broadway, Downtown, and Music Row
	•	Close to top restaurants, bars, coffee shops, and local hotspots
	•	Easy access to major highways and rideshare services

You’ll be close to everything while still enjoying a peaceful, private stay.

⸻

🧳 Amenities
	•	High-speed WiFi
	•	Smart TVs
	•	Washer & dryer
	•	Central heat & air
	•	Keyless entry
	•	Free parking

⸻

⭐ Perfect For:

✔️ Weekend getaways
✔️ Girls’ trips & guys’ trips
✔️ Couples traveling together
✔️ Concerts, events, and celebrations
✔️ Guests who appreciate design & comfort

⸻

Book now and experience Nashville in style — from a stunning interior to your own private rooftop fire pit, this home is designed to impress from the moment you arrive.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Guest access
Entire home

Other things to note
Garage and street parking available!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting