URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1119007312475781079
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover the VIXEN DEN: A luxe 2BR condo near Broadway's buzz in Downtown Nashville. Enjoy views, a poolside vibe, and comfy accommodations. Walking distance from Ole Smokey Distillery, Bridgestone Arena, and more. Perfect for city explorers!

Book with us for a 5 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ experience!

The space
Experience luxury in the heart of Music City with this downtown 2BR condo just two blocks from the iconic Lower Broadway.

Each bedroom boasts a king-sized bed, while the living room offers two queen pullout couches, a TV, and games for entertainment. Our unit sleeps 6 guests comfortably but can accommodate up to 8 guests.

The fully-equipped kitchen is perfect for meal prep or enjoying a coffee. Enjoy well-stocked bathrooms with all the essentials, including towels and toiletries.

During your stay, you'll enjoy exclusive access to a range of amenities, including:

★ A 24-hour fitness center with a rock climbing wall
★ An outdoor saltwater pool (heated during winter)
★ Grills for outdoor cooking
★ A courtyard with inviting firepits
★ The elevated 6th floor Sky Lounge
★ Complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body wash
★ Keurig Coffee Machine with K-cups
★ Convenient in-unit washer and dryer with detergent
★ High-speed internet to stay connected
★ Optional garage parking for only $30 per night (upon request)
★ Pack N' Play is available for traveling families (upon request)

Discover the charm of our space, where custom touches like a bedroom sliding barn door, a 6-ft privacy wall, and a window cutout invite natural light to fill the room. Located just moments away, you'll find iconic Nashville landmarks including Bridgestone Arena, the Country Music Hall of Fame, Music City Center, Nissan Stadium, Broadway, Assembly Food Hall, and the Ryman Auditorium.

Guest access
Enjoy exclusive access to the entire condo and luxury building amenities, shared with other residents. Access is available only during your stay, from 4pm on your arrival day until 10am on your departure day, with a strict $100 late checkout fee after 10:20am.
Guest access

Access your home effortlessly through our keyless smartphone entry system called Latch.

To secure parking for your stay ($30 per night), simply contact us at least 48 hours before check-in.

Check-In/Out:
- Check-in between 4pm-10pm.
- Check-out by 10am.
Early check-in or late check-out is subject to availability and not guaranteed with back-to-back bookings.

Concierge is available in the lobby from 10 pm - 6 am.  If you are arriving before your check-in time and need to store your luggage, we have a Bellhop service that can store your bags for a small fee. Let us know and we'll help you arrange it with them. 

Self Check-In:
Check-in is through the Latch App. Instructions will be emailed before your stay. All guests can use the app for access.

Cleaning:
Please be respectful of checkout times to allow our cleaning crew to begin. A $100 fee applies for cleaning of bodily fluids.

Parking:
- Guest parking is on a first-come, first-served basis, with varying daily rates.
- Reserved parking is available for $30/day. A parking pass is provided upon arrival. Pre-booking is required.
- Incorrect parking may result in being towed, booted, and/or a $125 fine.
Instructions for reserved parking will be provided upon booking.

Noise:
Given the downtown location, please be aware of potential exterior noise. Sound machines and ear plugs are available, though city noise is typically not a problem.

Amenities:
The availability of building amenities (pool, fitness center, etc.) is beyond the host's control, with no refunds for unavailability.

Please consider these details when booking to ensure a pleasant stay in the heart of downtown Nashville.

Other things to note
Permit #2018073721

Welcome to the vibrant heart of downtown Nashville! While we're excited to host you for an amazing stay, it's important to mention that our multifamily complex situates us amidst the city's lively energy. Please note that factors like external noise, private or public events, and ongoing construction, beyond our control, may add a touch of urban excitement to your trip.

**This is an Airbnb Friendly Community**
While amenities like the pool, gym, Collective, courtyard and skydeck are available to all Burnham guests we have no control over them and their maintenance, repair or availability. In the event that any of our building amenities becomes unavailable for guests, we assume NO RESPONSIBILITY for any of these amenities prior to or during your stay. All units are equipped with 38 gal water heaters. By making your reservation you are acknowledging this disclaimer regarding our building amenities and agree unavailability will not be grounds for refund or cancellation of your reservation.

We're committed to ensuring your stay is exceptional, focusing on everything we can control for a fabulous time in Nashville! Feel free to reach out for assistance or questions. Your 5-star experience is our priority!

For added peace of mind, consider Airbnb's travel insurance to safeguard your travel investment and embrace worry-free adventures!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harmony And Bryan
Host User ID: 565567144
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/565567144
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! We’re Harmony & Bryan, the heart and soul behind Stay & Play Hospitality, LLC, here in music-loving Nashville! 

Our mission? To WOW you with top-notch service and a personal touch that big management companies just can't match. As locals, we pour our hearts into making each stay special and unique. Peek at our listings below to find your next Nashville getaway. 

We can’t wait to host you and share the insider’s view of our incredible city!
My work: Business/Consulting
Speaks English
Response rate: 98%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
483 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting