URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1559751870799284103
Latitude: 36.1545
Longitude: -86.7751
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stayin' Country at the Burnham: Walk to Broadway and Bridgestone from this downtown Nashville condo with pool, gym, and parking available.

About This Space: Your Backstage Pass to Nashville, this stylish downtown Nashville condo where location, comfort, and Music City energy come together. Just steps from Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and Nashville’s most iconic attractions, this private suite is ideal for concerts, bachelorettes, game days, and unforgettable weekends in the heart of Music City.

The space
Location, Location, Location
★Walk to Broadway honky tonks, live music, bars, and nightlife.
★ Minutes to the Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame, and Johnny Cash Museum.
★ Steps from Bridgestone Arena, Music City Center, and Ascend Amphitheater.
★ Easy access to Nissan Stadium, The Gulch, and Music Row.

Stylish Suite, Unforgettable Stay
☆ Private 1BR / 1BA condo sleeping up to 6 guests.
☆ King bed plus two queen beds.
☆ Hand-painted mural by a local Nashville artist.
☆ Smart TVs with streaming apps preloaded.
☆ Free high-speed Wi-Fi throughout the unit.
☆ Juliette balcony with city views.
☆ In-unit washer and dryer with starter supplies provided.

Indulge Your Senses
• Fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances.
• Signature 5-Star Coffee & Tea Bar with Torani syrups and creamers.
• Four dedicated vanity stations with lighted mirrors—perfect for getting glam before a night out.
• Spa-style bathroom with hair dryers and premium toiletries.
• Iron, ironing board, and steamer for wrinkle-free evenings.

Relax and Recharge
• Heated pool open year-round.
• Courtyard with fire pits, grills, and outdoor seating.
• Two-story gym, yoga studio, and rock-climbing wall.
• Sky Deck and Lounge with skyline views.
• Pool towels provided.

Parking
- One reserved gated garage parking space available for $30 per night, subject to availability.
- Parking must be requested after booking via Airbnb messaging.

Check-In & Check-Out
- Check-in: 4:00 PM.
- Check-out: 11:00 AM.
- Early check-in or late check-out may be available for an additional fee, subject to availability.
- Requests must be made at least 48 hours in advance.

Baggage Bellhop
• Baggage Bellhop service is available onsite seven days a week for early arrivals or late departures.
• This is a third-party service, and additional fees apply.

Extra Activities
Want to make your Nashville getaway truly unforgettable? From private tours and whiskey tastings to bar crawls and curated local experiences, we’ve partnered with top local hosts to bring you the best of Music City. Contact us for details.

Licensing
STR Permit #2018062982

Guest access
Guests have full access to the building's resort-style amenities, including the pool, state-of-the-art gym, courtyard, and Sky Lounge. 

Amenities include:
- The Collective a 2 story space to hang out or get some work done.
- Courtyard with BBQ grills, fire pits, and outdoor dining. Hours: 10am-10pm.
- Heated pool open year-round with free lounging and option to rent luxurious poolside cabanas. Hours: 10am-8pm.
- Overnight Security. Hours: 10pm-6am.
- Gym, fully equipped with rock climbing and a yoga studio. Hours: 24 hours.
- Onsite Emergency Maintenance. Hours: 24 hours.

Seamless keyless entry via the DOOR app on your smartphone for the unit and building entry points.  Further instructions provided upon booking. Please note that all guests must be listed on the reservation to access the building and amenities via the DOOR app.

Parking
One reserved gated garage parking space is available for $30 per night, subject to availability. Parking must be requested after booking via Airbnb messaging.

Check-In & Check-Out
- Check-in: 4:00 PM.
- Check-out: 10:00 AM.
- Early check-in or late check-out may be available for an additional fee, subject to availability, and requests must be made at least 48 hours in advance.

Other things to note
Baggage Bellhop
• Baggage Bellhop service is available onsite seven days a week for early arrivals or late departures.
• This is a third-party service, and additional fees apply.

Extra Activities
Want to make your Nashville getaway truly unforgettable? From private tours and whiskey tastings to bar crawls and curated local experiences, we’ve partnered with top local hosts to bring you the best of Music City. Contact us for details.

Disclaimer
This is an Airbnb-friendly apartment Community. While amenities like the pool, gym, Collective, courtyard, and Skydeck are available to all Burnham guests, we have no control over their maintenance, repair, or availability. In the event that any of our building amenities become unavailable for guests, we assume NO RESPONSIBILITY for any inconveniences prior to or during your stay. By making your reservation, you acknowledge this disclaimer regarding our building amenities and agree that unavailability will not be grounds for a refund or cancellation of your reservation.

Potential Noise Levels
As a city-facing unit, you may hear the lively energy of Nashville during busier hours, particularly on weekends. During quiet hours, any noise disturbances within the building may be reported to after-hours building security.

Licensing
STR Permit #2018062982

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Aj
Host User ID: 64983050
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/64983050
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are proud Husker parents who began hosting while following our son’s journey at the University of Nebraska Lincoln. What started as one home has grown into a collection of thoughtfully designed stays from Lincoln to Nashville to Las Vegas. As travelers ourselves, we curate locations close to the best each city has to offer. Our focus is on refined comfort, attention to detail, and an unparalleled level of service, with quick response times and open communication to ensure a seamless stay.
Born in the 70s
Most useless skill: Typing faster than your brain can think
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
82 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting