URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/960143167910566334
Latitude: 36.0692
Longitude: -86.7002
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Keep it simple at this peaceful and centrally-located place.
Connect yourself with the nature and the city at the same time in just one place, feel the freedom of being outside in nature contact with an open space , hammock and seats to enjoy your day out or just go inside and stay in feeling that you are in the quiteness of a valley with TV.

The space
Updated with extra throw pillows for extra comfy 

what makes this space unique it's the quiteness/tranquility around ideal for people who likes to relax and stay in a comfortable warming place. 
Close by:

-Tons of restaurants
-Tri star hospital/different others medic centers
-Walmart/kroger/aldi,etc
-Walgreens/CVS
-ATM
-Liquor stores
-Smoke shops

Guest access
Guests has access to the whole property: house/frontyard/backyard.

Guests do not have access to:

-Storage located by outside.
- Closer door to the pool table.

Other things to note
DURING YOUR STAY

We prefer to communicate before your stay to ensure you review the check in details and instructions
and answer any questionyou may have. We also like to know when you plan to arrive/check in and when you check out.
Otherwise, during your stay we let you have your space to tour the city, relax, reconnect with friends,
and have a great time. We prefer that any needs that you have or things that needs attention are communicated with
us right away so that we can ensure you have a pleasent stay. we can only fix or make better the things we know
about so be sure to communicate.

STRICTLY ENFORCED

NO PARTIES: we want you to have fun, but please do your partying, honky-tonkin and two-steppin on broadway, not
in our home. 1000$ fine to the credit card on file, as well as eviction without refund.

No GLITTER, SMOKING OR PETS:
500$ FINE, PER INFRACTION (IN HOUSE OR ON THE PROPERTY)

UNAUTHORIZED GUEST: $500 FINE for unauthorized guest.

To avoid a plumber interrupting your stay, please dispose of all femenine hygiene products in the wastebaskets.

Check in anytime after 3:00pm

check out: 10:00am. If guest remain in the property past the accepted check out time, we reserve the right to
charge $80 fee. (all time CST)

Please Note: if the POLICE are called or the neighbors complain about the noise level or any other types of privacy
disruptions, we are subject to take part or all of your deposit on the stay. We absolutely never want to do this,
but if a situation calls for it we will.

DISCLAIMER
By accepting this reservation, it is agreed that all guests are expressly assuming the rsik of any harm arising from
their use of the property. This rental property is privately owned; the owners are not responsible for any accidents,
injuries or illnesses that occur while on the premises. The homeowners are not responsible for loss of personal
belongings or valuables of the guests.
 
After you book  your reservation you will be sent a link to the guidebook with info and our recommendations for your
time here in nashville!

FIVE STAR GUEST POLICY

We try our very best to deliver the best experience but you should be aware that you are booking a private owned home.
We are a small team trying to bring love and joy to our guests. We promise to treat you better than we expect to be treated and
we ask that you do the same. We want your vacation to be perfect just as much as you do. just remember that we are all humans
and our homes are not different than yours. Sometimes the unexpected happens. If it does, we promise to spring into action and
do everthing we can to resolve it.

Absolutely No local renters without prior host approval. Do not book this property if you reside within 50 miles of nashville.
All local reservation will be cancelled, with penalties to the guest, and not refund may be given. 

Guest that are not on the original reservation may not stay.
In other words, if unplanned guest are at the home we will
ask your entire group to leave and will not return your money/security deposit.

please clean all dishes that are used.

Although we accept children, the house is not childproof. You are responsible
for anything that you child may break or any injuries your child may sustain while in the home
due to non-baby or childproofed items.

please refrain from moving/rearranging furniture

Inventory is taken before and after each stay and any damaged or missing items will be taken
from your security deposit.

Quite time is 10 00pm to 7 30am

Please be respectful as someone lives next door.

Guest must be 24 years an older to book.

Guest may not book for others. The person booking the request must be part of the group staying.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Cristian
Host User ID: 165376607
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/165376607
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I like to play sports such as baseball, basketball, voleyball but most definitely soccer, that is the one i do enjoy the most also enjoy going out and explore around national parks and outdoors activities: hiking, skydiving, rafting and so on.

Hard worker it's the phrase that could describe me better essentialy, social, easy talking, friendly, respecful there are a few words wich could fit very easily on me also.
My work: self employed
I spend too much time: Working
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
4 years hosting
98 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting