URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1343657676697754260
Latitude: 36.147
Longitude: -86.8166
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to ★The Nashville Rhythm★, a beautifully designed 2-bedroom, 2-bath corner condo that comfortably accommodates up to 8 guests. This spacious and light-filled retreat combines modern style with everyday convenience, making it the perfect home base for your Nashville stay. Ideally situated just blocks from Vanderbilt University, Centennial Park, and the lively West End, you’ll be right in the heart of one of the city’s most desirable and walkable neighborhoods.

The space
What We Love About ★The Nashville Rhythm★...
- Bright corner unit with pool views and natural light
- Walkable location near Vanderbilt, parks, and dining
- Resort-style amenities including pool, gym, and clubhouse
- Flexible sleeping with Murphy bed and sofa bed for groups
- Convenient elevator access and secure building entry

Step inside and experience a thoughtfully designed space that blends modern comfort with a welcoming, upscale feel. The open-concept living area is perfect for relaxing after a day exploring the city, featuring a SmartTV, cozy seating, and additional sleeping options with a Murphy bed and sofa bed. The fully equipped kitchen makes it easy to prepare meals or enjoy coffee before heading out, complete with all the essentials including a coffee maker and ample counter space.

The primary bedroom offers a peaceful retreat with a king bed and plenty of room to unwind, while the second bedroom features a comfortable queen bed. Both bathrooms include tub/shower combinations, with the primary bathroom offering double sinks for added convenience. A washer and dryer are also included in the unit, making longer stays easy and comfortable.

Beyond the condo itself, guests have access to excellent community amenities including a pool, gym, and clubhouse. The building also offers concierge service and elevator access, enhancing both comfort and convenience throughout your stay.

The location truly sets this home apart. You’ll be just a short walk from Vanderbilt University and Centennial Park, where you can explore the iconic Parthenon replica or enjoy scenic green space. West End and Charlotte Avenue offer a wide variety of dining, coffee shops, and entertainment options, while downtown Nashville is just a quick drive away for live music, nightlife, and iconic attractions.

Whether you're visiting for a weekend getaway, a group trip, or an extended stay, The Nashville Rhythm delivers the perfect mix of comfort, location, and style. Book your stay today and experience Nashville living at its finest.

★Parking★
Please park in any of the unmarked spaces in the parking garage located off of Avoca St. Parking in a numbered space could result in being towed.

★The Neighborhood★
Located just mere blocks from Vanderbilt University, Centennial Park, and West End and Charlotte Avenues! 
 
★House Rules★
During your stay, we ask that you remember to be respectful of your neighbors. Quiet hours are from 10pm- 7am. For real, take the party to the Honky Tonks on Broadway. Additionally, thank you for respecting our 'no smoking' and 'no pets' policy so that we can keep our properties in the best condition possible. Pets include but are not limited to cats, zebras, livestock, and/or spouses. There are also no firearms permitted within the home or on the surrounding property. Should you choose to ignore this, there will be a $300 fine assessed for breaking either of these rules. We thank you for refraining and being respectful of our homes - please don't make us hunt you down for fines as it cuts into our nap time.

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Security Disclaimer★
For your safety and the security of our properties, most of our rentals have a ring doorbell camera or an external camera located on the exterior of the home. No indoor cameras are present - your privacy is fully respected.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home.  Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home.  We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay.  In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee.  Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver.  It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay.  The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior.  Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!).  Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage.  The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines. 

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
Born in the 80s
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23127 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting