URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1680638877405572247
Latitude: 36.1581
Longitude: -86.8171
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 10
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★City Heights★ is a modern 3BR, 3.5BA four-story townhome in Nashville, designed to comfortably host up to 10 guests. Spanning 1,738 sq ft, this stylish retreat features two bunk rooms, a spacious queen suite, a fully stocked kitchen, and a vibrant living area highlighted by a custom “Music City” mural. Enjoy a private rooftop patio with dining, lounge seating, and skyline views, all just minutes from Downtown, Broadway, and Nashville’s top attractions.

The space
What We Love About ★City Heights★...
*Rooftop patio with dining table, lounge seating, cornhole, and skyline views
*Iconic “Music City” mural by local artist Troy Duff in the living room
*Two bunk rooms perfect for groups plus a spacious queen suite
*Prime location just minutes to Broadway, Midtown, and Vanderbilt
*Four-story layout offering space, privacy, and modern comfort

Step inside City Heights and discover a thoughtfully designed townhome ideal for groups and families. On the first floor, Bedroom 1 features two twin-over-twin bunk beds and a private ensuite bathroom with a shower/tub combo, making it a perfect hangout for kids or friends. The second floor is the heart of the home, with an open-concept kitchen, dining, and living area. The fully stocked kitchen makes it easy to prepare meals, while the living room invites you to relax and snap photos in front of the one-of-a-kind “Music City” mural. A convenient half bath is also located on this level.

Up on the third floor, you’ll find Bedroom 2 and 3.  Bedroom 2 serves as the primary suite, offering two queen beds and a private ensuite bathroom with a shower/tub combo and double sinks, providing both comfort and convenience for larger groups. Bedroom 3 has two twin-over-twin bunk beds and access to a hallway bathroom with a walk-in shower. 

The top level opens to your private rooftop patio, where City Heights truly shines. Enjoy a large dining table that seats seven, Adirondack lounge chairs, and a cornhole setup—perfect for entertaining or unwinding while taking in the incredible Downtown Nashville skyline views.

City Heights places you just minutes from Nashville’s top attractions. You’re only 2.4 miles from Downtown and Bridgestone Arena, 3.2 miles from Nissan Stadium, and 1.4 miles from Vanderbilt University. Explore nearby hotspots like Broadway, Music Row, Midtown, and Centennial Park, all filled with live music, dining, and entertainment. Nashville International Airport is just 11 miles away, and Opryland is within a short drive, making this an ideal home base for any visit.

Whether you're here for live music, a game day, or a weekend getaway, City Heights offers the perfect mix of location, comfort, and unforgettable style. Book your stay today and experience Nashville!

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property.

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home. Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home. We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay. In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee. Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver. It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay. The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior. Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!). Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage. The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines.

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
Born in the 80s
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23133 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting