URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1147947888446327899
Latitude: 36.1741
Longitude: -86.7809
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
If you’re looking for that authentic Nashville experience, the location of Riverfront Charm simply can’t be beat!

The space
Set along the banks of the picturesque Cumberland River, scenic views are just the beginning of all you’ll find here. You’ll be conveniently located within walking distance to some of the city’s most popular places, mere minutes from your front door. The Riverfront Park and Nashville Public Square Park are both less than a 15-minute walk away, as is the historical Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park. A little further into the city you’ll find the Johnny Cash Museum, Country Music Hall of Fame, and Adventure Science Center to be a quick and cheap cab ride away. Or maybe you want to catch a game at Nissan Stadium or tap into your competitive side at the K1 Indoor Go Kart center, both just over the river. No matter your intended destination from Honkey Tonks featuring live music, incredible restaurants offering everything from local to international flavors, night life hot spots keeping the party going until the early morning hours, or the plethora of entertainment attractions woven into every street, you’ll find exactly what you’re looking for in Nashville!

The home’s bright and cheerful interior has been recently updated, providing a modern touch that perfectly blends contemporary furnishings with chic and elevated décor. The living room is illuminated in an abundance of natural light, offering the perfect space for catching up on conversation with friends or turning the pages of a good book. Sliding doors open out to the balcony, allowing fresh air to flow freely through the home and giving you another vantage point of the tranquil waters. Back inside, the fully equipped kitchen can handle meals large or small, showcasing stainless steel appliances, glossy stone countertops, and sleek cabinetry stocked with cookware and dining ware. Pull up a high-top stool at the counter to enjoy a quick breakfast before heading out the door or to enjoy a spread of takeout from a newly discovered local restaurant. 

This home comfortably sleeps 6 guests between 2 private bedrooms and a full size sleeper sofa in the living room. 

Bedroom #1 includes a king size bed, TV, and a Jack & Jill bathroom shared with bedroom #2 with an oversized single vanity and glass walk-in shower.

Bedroom #2 includes a king size bed, TV, and a Jack & Jill bathroom shared with bedroom #1 with an oversized single vanity and glass walk-in shower.

The home also includes a half bathroom.

THINGS TO NOTE:
•	This is a long term rental 30+ days or more.
•	This home does not offer laundry facilities.
•	Lot parking available for 2 vehicles.

This home is within walking distance to Broadway, the Nashville Farmer's Market, Nissan Stadium, and more! Come explore what Downtown Nashville has to offer from restaurants and breweries to museums, about a mile away. You’ll be a quick trip from Music Row, The Arts District, and all the entertainment of Broadway. There is no shortage of entertainment to explore, and you’re sure to make the most of your Nashville trip with this home’s ideal location.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Delaney
Host User ID: 388056808
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/388056808
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Music City! I'm Delaney, your local host. I look after our homes across Nashville, where every stay feels as fun and welcoming as the city itself, from honky-tonks on Broadway to legendary songwriter rounds and live music that fills every neighborhood. My small, local Grand Welcome Nashville team lives where you'll stay, hand-picks every home, and has been welcoming guests to Music City for years. We treat every stay like our own and we can't wait to host you!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
6 years hosting
4065 reviews
4.63 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting