URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1438472956322529960
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the Heart of Nashville!
Welcome to our newly remodeled 1-bedroom condo just steps from Broadway, honky tonks, live music, restaurants, and top attractions! You’ll be in the middle of the action while enjoying modern comfort and cozy vibes. Perfect for couples, small groups, or anyone wanting to explore Music City on foot!

The space
A beautiful one bedroom apartment with amazing furniture. Fully decorated and spacious 1 bedroom with a queen pullout in living area. This is a very nice apartment complex within walking distance to Broadway. This building uses the latch app to access everything which is an app that unlocks the doors and locks them! Everything is through the phone, there is no physical key.

This complex is a resort style complex, 24 hour security, resort style pool, two story workout room and much more. Close walk to all of Nashville’s big attractions including world famous bars like Tootsies. Just minutes from The Gulch, East Nashville, West End, and 12 South.

During your stay, you'll enjoy exclusive access to a range of amenities, including:

★ A 24-hour fitness center with a rock climbing wall
★ An outdoor swimming pool
★ Grills for outdoor cooking
★ A courtyard with inviting firepits
★ The elevated 6th floor Sky Lounge
★ Complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body wash
★ Keurig Coffee Machine with K-cups
★ Convenient in-unit washer and dryer with detergent
★ High-speed internet to stay connected
★ Optional garage parking for only $35 per night (upon request)

Guest access
Access your home effortlessly through our keyless smartphone entry system called Latch. Latch is our keyless entry system throughout the building which will allow you to access your Airbnb, and all the amenities at The Burnham. Your hosts will message after you book requesting your email in order to send you an invite to join Latch. Once invited, you will be required to set up your account and familiarize yourself with the app before you arrive.

For your convenience, our Baggage Bellhop service is available onsite seven days a week from 9 AM to 5 PM if you arrive early or depart later than your check-out time.

To secure parking for your stay ($35 per night), simply contact us at least 48 hours before check-in.

Immerse yourself in the Nashville experience at The Burnham – book your stay now!

Other things to note
No pets $2000 fine
****PLEASE PRINT YOUR PARKING PASS BEFORE ARRIVING*****
Please note this building is in the very heart of downtown Nashville. We are not responsible for any uncontrolled variables outside of this building such as noise, private or public events, construction, etc that may be happening outside at the time of your trip. We have no control of pool closures. This is a multifamily complex whose ownership controls the amenities/common areas and exterior/shared interior spaces and maintenance of appliances and interior physical conditions of the apartment (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, hvac, drywall, etc) and as such these items are out of our personal control. We are bound to abide by the building's protocol when it comes to maintenance issues and timelines to resolve. All other items we personally take care of. We strive to deliver a wonderful stay and experience on everything we can control within the apartment itself to ensure you have a fabulous time in Nashville, living like a local!"

Pool Rules

We cannot control when the pool closes. Sometimes it can close to due to cleanings, or someone dropping glass in the pool. Please know that ahead of time when booking. It is open year round but sometimes it will randomly close.

Airbnb guests will be required to show Airbnb reservation and only guests on the reservation will be allowed to enter pool area- please be sure you inform your guests of this to avoid any disappointment with being denied entry if not on the reservation. You will need to enter the pool area through the hallway on the 2nd floor that leads directly to the pool so that you can check in with pool monitor. Entry will not be allowed from the courtyard area, as the pool gets very busy at times and pool monitor simply can't manage people entering from several areas. The doors in the hallway that lead directly into the pool will remain locked going forward and pool monitor will allow you in.

If at any time the pool reaches capacity, the pool monitor may enforce a time limit at their discretion to allow others to enjoy the pool as well. We ask that you are understanding of this and respectful to the pool monitor at all times or you will be asked to leave.

*Guest need to provide there own beach towels.**
• Pool hours: 10am-8pm - Courtyard hours: 10am-10pm
• No glass in the pool (including the pool deck). Use of paper or plastic containers only.
$500 fine will be issued, and you will be banned from the pool.
If you break glass in the pool its a $2000 fine.
• Food is allowed at the pool deck but never in the pool.
• For the enjoyment of all residents, when using the pool or courtyard area, please keep noise levels to a minimum. Loud music is not permitted.
• Pets are not permitted in the pool or courtyard at any time.
• No diving, dunking, running, pushing, rough play, or obscene language in the pool area.
• Residents are allowed up to 2 guests and must remain with guests at all times.
• Airbnb guests will be required to provide proof of reservation and only guest names listed on the reservation will be allowed into the pool area. Airbnb guest who’s name the booking is under are considered “residents” for the purposes of the pool and amenities.
• Parties are not allowed.
• An additional fee of $100 if our cleaners are cleaning bodily fluids Vomit etc,
• Video surveillance and access entry tracking is in place.
• Grills are first come first serve. Please be present at all times while using the grill and please clean the grill after your use.
• Additional procedures may be put into place and posted upon entrance due to COVID-19

Permit: #2018071748

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Nilofer
Host User ID: 218764562
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/218764562
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My work: Senior Financial Adv
My biography title: Never give up
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
111 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting