URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1358888337232653024
Latitude: 36.194022285970405
Longitude: -86.83116032278386
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 9
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Downtown Nashville Luxury Retreat • Sleeps 15 • Entertainment Paradise

Brand NEW 4-story, 3-bedroom, 3-bathroom condo just minutes from downtown. Enjoy breathtaking views of the Nashville skyline from your private rooftop oasis featuring a hot tub, grill, dining, and lounge areas. Top-tier amenities, endless entertaining options, and historic Music City decor make this home the perfect spot for your next trip to Nash!

The space
This one-of-a-kind property combines luxury living with the ultimate entertainment setup, perfect for family gatherings, friend getaways, or bachelor/bachelorette celebrations.

For guests seeking an elevated Nashville experience, PRIVATE CUSTOM COWBOY HAT experiences by Wildflower Brim Co. are permitted and may be arranged independently.

ROOFTOP PARADISE

Enjoy breathtaking views of the Nashville skyline from your private rooftop oasis. Relax in the soothing hot tub after a day of exploring Music City, or fire up the Mont Alpi Peak Performance grill for an alfresco dining experience. The comfortable lounge seating area provides the perfect spot for morning coffee or evening cocktails while taking in spectacular Nashville sunsets. This rooftop retreat offers the ideal balance of relaxation and entertainment with unbeatable views.

ENTERTAINMENT HEAVEN

The converted garage has been transformed into the ultimate game room for endless entertainment. Challenge your friends to a game on the professional pool table, show off your skills at the dart board, or simply relax in the comfortable lounge area. This versatile space is perfect for gathering before hitting Broadway or unwinding after a day of sightseeing. The game room adds an extra dimension to your Nashville stay that few other properties can offer.

NASHVILLE-INSPIRED INTERIOR

Step inside to discover thoughtfully designed living spaces that celebrate Music City's heritage. The stunning Nashville-themed mural complete with three guitars brings authentic local vibes indoors, creating the perfect backdrop for your vacation photos. The comfortable living room features plush seating and a large flat-screen TV, ideal for movie nights or catching the game. For additional outdoor space, enjoy the second patio with its cozy seating area, perfect for morning coffee or afternoon relaxation. High-end furnishings throughout ensure maximum comfort during your stay.

GOURMET KITCHEN

Food lovers will appreciate our fully-equipped gourmet kitchen. Premium appliances make preparing meals and entertaining a breeze, while special touches like the Gourmia air fryer and Chefman Espresso machine elevate your culinary experience. Whether you're preparing a full meal or simply reheating leftovers from Nashville's amazing restaurants, you'll find everything you need in this stylish, functional space. The spacious dining area provides ample room for group meals and creating memories around the table.

COMFORT IN EVERY DETAIL

Each of the three beautifully appointed bedrooms offers a peaceful retreat with premium linens and thoughtful amenities. Three full bathrooms with luxury fixtures and plush towels ensure everyone has their own space to refresh and rejuvenate. For added convenience, the full-size washer and dryer allow you to pack light and return home with clean clothes. High-speed WiFi throughout and smart TVs in living areas keep you connected and entertained throughout your stay.

PRIME LOCATION

Our condo's location can't be beat – just minutes from downtown Nashville and all its iconic attractions. Enjoy easy access to Broadway's famous honky-tonks and live music venues without sacrificing the peace and comfort of a residential setting. Walk to local eateries, coffee shops, and boutiques, or take a short drive to explore East Nashville's hip restaurant and bar scene. With quick access to major highways, you're perfectly positioned to experience everything Nashville has to offer.

PERFECT FOR:

Our Nashville retreat is ideal for bachelor or bachelorette parties seeking upscale accommodations with built-in entertainment, families wanting space to spread out and reconnect, friend getaways centered around Nashville's vibrant culture, music enthusiasts looking to immerse themselves in the heart of Music City, couples retreats combining romance and adventure, and corporate travelers needing space to both work and relax.

Experience Nashville like a local while enjoying resort-style amenities. With its rooftop hot tub, game room, and thoughtful Nashville-inspired details, this exceptional property offers everything you need for an unforgettable Music City stay.

Book now to secure your dates at one of Nashville's most unique rental properties!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: DC Capital
Host User ID: 104850762
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/104850762
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello,
I am Derrick, owner of DC Capital, LLC! We are a small real estate investment company that offers property management to select clients. DC Capital is here to ensure your vacation is nothing short of amazing! We pride ourselves in taking great care of our clients and our guest. Our mission is to ensure our guest have a first class experience in the Music City. Please inquire if you have questions. I do look forward to meeting you!

Life is a breeze, enjoy it!
My work: DC Capital, LLC
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
3277 reviews
4.67 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting