URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1360909399296382247
Latitude: 36.1881
Longitude: -86.8036
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This home is thoughtfully laid out and designed to feel elevated yet comfortable for groups. 
Every detail was chosen with girls' trips in mind, from stylish gathering spaces to cozy bedrooms that make getting ready together easy and fun. 
Plenty of room to spread out without feeling crowded.  Carefully styled touches throughout that double as perfect photo moments. It’s clean and welcoming.  The kind of space where everyone can relax, party it up, get glam and enjoy a girl's trip together!

The space
This is a three story townhome with lots of room for your next girls trip.  Please note there is limited parking in the community.  While our garage is not accessible to guests there is a space right in front of the door for a small to midsize SUV available.

Guest access
Bedrooms & Sleeping Arrangements
– Features a king-size bed, a spacious en-suite bathroom with a double vanity, a walk-in glass shower, and a large walk-in closet.
– Equipped with two full-size beds, stylish décor, and ample storage space.
 – Designed with a fun and functional layout, featuring four twin beds, making it perfect for groups or families.

Living Spaces

Living Room – The open-concept living area is designed for relaxation and entertainment, featuring a plush pink velvet sectional, stylish accent chairs, and a statement wall with a neon "Nashville is Calling" sign. Large sliding glass doors lead to a private balcony, allowing for plenty of natural light.

Dining Area – A show-stopping dining space with a glass-top table, luxurious pink velvet chairs, and a crystal chandelier. The backdrop features a custom pink accent wall with a neon "Nashville Stole My Heart" sign, creating the perfect setting for group dinners and celebrations.

Beauty Bar & Vanity Area – One of the standout features of this home is a dedicated beauty bar with three large vanity mirrors, seating, and a ring light—perfect for getting ready for a night out in the city.

A spacious island with barstool seating provides a great spot for casual meals or morning coffee.
The open layout ensures seamless connection between the kitchen, dining, and living areas.

Bathrooms
The home includes multiple spa-like bathrooms featuring modern fixtures, walk-in glass showers, double vanities, and high-end finishes.
A stylish powder room is also available for guests' convenience.

Additional Features
High-speed WiFi and smart TV for entertainment.
A washer and dryer for added convenience.
Private balconies with seating areas for fresh air and relaxation.
Stylish décor throughout the home.

Situated in a prime area of Nashville, this home offers convenient access to top attractions, entertainment venues, and local dining. Whether you're exploring Broadway’s lively music scene, checking out The Gulch’s trendy hotspots, or visiting iconic landmarks, you'll be just a short drive or ride away from it all.

This property is designed to offer an unforgettable stay, blending upscale comfort with a fun and vibrant atmosphere. Perfect for bachelorette parties, girls' getaways, and group trips, this Nashville retreat provides a unique and stylish experience that guests will love.

Other things to note
Parking & Security Reminder:

Parking is available, in designated spaces at the entrance, and in the parking space directly in front of the garage. The garage is not for guest use.

For security, please note that a Ring front door camera is installed on the exterior of the home.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Maria
Host User ID: 230939573
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/230939573
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
After I listed my first Airbnb in St. Augustine, Florida, I became obsessed with hosting! I now host at my own properties, as well as help other owners manage their rentals as well – with the help of my rockstar team of property managers. We're passionate about providing the best possible experience to our guests. Whether you're coming in for business, pleasure, or just passing through, we look forward to hosting you!
Lives in Gainesville, Florida
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
8093 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting