URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1426125820957243395
Latitude: 36.094522226964756
Longitude: -86.7317944200028
rental_type: Private room in home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: None
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: missing: bedrooms
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover comfort in a private suite in South Nashville, just 7 miles from DT/Broadway! This cozy suite is ideal for up to 2 guests, offering a King bed, a smart TV, an inviting love seat, and a dedicated workspace. Enjoy a coffee station, bar fridge, microwave, and your own washer/dryer. The shared backyard offers outdoor seating, a grill, and games for a fun hangout! Experience the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, & excitement—your Nashville adventure starts here!

The space
Welcome to our cozy and stylish private suite, the perfect space for a small family or group seeking a comfortable and convenient Nashville getaway. With its private entrance, this space is designed to make you feel right at home with all the essentials for a perfect vacation!

As you enter, you'll be greeted by a spacious King-sized bed dressed in luxurious linens for a restful sleep, plus a comfortable couch. Enjoy movie nights with the large smart TV or catch up on work with the dedicated workspace.

The suite is completely private, and the private full bath offers a shower, bathtub, and all the essentials you need for your stay.

Our suite also comes with a kitchenette, complete with a mini refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, and all the dishes and utensils you'll need. For added convenience, there’s also an in-unit washer and dryer, so you can pack light and stay refreshed throughout your stay.

Step outside and enjoy the beautiful shared backyard (you may run into the delightful owner or her sweet pup), perfect for relaxing or entertaining. The outdoor space features comfortable furniture, a dining area, a grill, and even games to enjoy. Plus, free parking is available in the driveway, making it easy to come and go.

Book now, and get ready for an unforgettable Music City experience! ♫

Our guests enjoy exclusive access to the private suite, which is separate from the main living area.

The Delightful owner lives in the attached home, although your suite is completely private and there are no shared spaces inside of your suite! The back yard and outdoor seating and relaxation area is shared with the owner, so you may run into her or her sweet (not aggressive in the least bit) dog! The driveway is also shared!

Conveniently located just 10-15 minutes from Nashville's top attractions, this home offers guests easy access to a variety of popular spots and activities. You can indulge in delicious Southern cuisine at renowned restaurants like Edessa Restaurant, King Tut's, and Deg Thai (all mentioned on the NY times best restaurants list)—all just a short drive away. For a fun outdoor adventure, visit Radnor Lake State Park or explore the Nashville Zoo at Grassmere, both just minutes away. You can also explore local shopping options like The Mall at Green Hills or stock up on essentials at nearby grocery stores like Kroger, Publix, and Sprouts Farmers Market. Whether you're looking to enjoy the best of Nashville's food scene or take in nature, everything you need is within easy reach!

Free parking available at the home! Also, uber and lyft are extremely accessible!

Conveniently located just 10-15 minutes from Nashville's top attractions, this home offers guests easy access to a variety of popular spots and activities. You can indulge in delicious Southern cuisine at renowned restaurants like Edessa Restaurant, King Tut's, and Deg Thai (all mentioned on the NY times best restaurants list)—all just a short drive away. For a fun outdoor adventure, visit Radnor Lake State Park or explore the Nashville Zoo at Grassmere, both just minutes away. You can also explore local shopping options like The Mall at Green Hills or stock up on essentials at nearby grocery stores like Kroger, Publix, and Sprouts Farmers Market. Whether you're looking to enjoy the best of Nashville's food scene or take in nature, everything you need is within easy reach!

Guest access
During your stay, you'll have exclusive access to the entire home and private backyard, giving you the perfect mix of comfort, creativity, and relaxation. From the colorful interiors and vinyl listening lounge to the peaceful outdoor spaces, the home is yours to enjoy from the moment you arrive. With no shared indoor spaces, you can settle in, unwind, and experience Music City in total comfort.

Other things to note
Conveniently located just 10-15 minutes from Nashville's top attractions, this home offers guests easy access to a variety of popular spots and activities. You can indulge in delicious Southern cuisine at renowned restaurants like Edessa Restaurant, King Tut's, and Deg Thai (all mentioned on the NY times best restaurants list)—all just a short drive away. For a fun outdoor adventure, visit Radnor Lake State Park or explore the Nashville Zoo at Grassmere, both just minutes away. You can also explore local shopping options like The Mall at Green Hills or stock up on essentials at nearby grocery stores like Kroger, Publix, and Sprouts Farmers Market. Whether you're looking to enjoy the best of Nashville's food scene or take in nature, everything you need is within easy reach!

ATTENTION LOCAL GUESTS: All locals must send an 'inquiry' first using the 'Message Host' option on the booking page to state the purpose of your visit, so we can check to see if we would be able to accommodate your stay; otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel any confirmed reservation made without our approval.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
My work: Carebnb Properties
What makes my home unique: We treat guests like family!
For guests, I always: Respond quickly & treat compassionately
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4599 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting