URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1624657855790587185
Latitude: 36.1804
Longitude: -86.8053
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Nashville trip just found its home base. This bold, 4-story dream sleeps 10 comfortably and every bedroom has its own bathroom, the kitchen is stocked for pre-gaming, and the private rooftop deck has downtown Nashville views that'll sell your whole crew in one photo. Just 10 minutes from Broadway. Close enough to the action. Far enough to actually sleep. Book it before someone else does.

The space
4 Bedroom 4 Bathroom - Private Rooftop with Downtown Views - 2 Miles to Broadway

Steps from local restaurants and just 10 minutes from Broadway, Nashville Terrace gives your group a home base in the city — not just a place to sleep. This 4-story home sleeps up to 10 guests comfortably, with four private ensuite bathrooms (no sharing, no waiting), a fully stocked kitchen, and a private rooftop deck with open views of the downtown Nashville skyline. You're right in the Buchanan Arts District, a walkable neighborhood with its own great dining scene — and a quick rideshare ride gets you anywhere else you want to go.

WHAT MAKES THIS HOME STAND OUT
🚿 Private Ensuite Bathroom in Every Bedroom
If you've ever shared one bathroom with a group, you already know why this matters. Every bedroom at Nashville Terrace has its own private bathroom — no lineups, no scheduling, no drama. Everyone gets ready on their own time.
🌇 Private Rooftop Deck with Downtown Nashville Views
The fourth floor is the real showstopper. Step outside to your own private rooftop with outdoor seating and unobstructed views of the Nashville skyline. Morning coffee up here hits differently. So does a late-night wind-down after a long day on Broadway. It's the kind of space your whole group will keep coming back to all weekend.
🏡 A Layout That Actually Works for Groups
Four floors means you can all be together when you want to be, and have your own space when you need it. The open-concept second floor is the natural gathering spot — kitchen, living room, Smart TVs — while the bedroom floors give everyone a comfortable, private retreat at the end of the night.
🚗 Private Garage Parking for One Car
Pull straight in and you're home. No circling the block, no street parking stress.  Outdoor parking at building as well as street parking.

🛌 BEDROOM SETUP (Sleeps up to 10)
Floor 1 — Bunk bedroom (twin-over-full) + private ensuite · Great for early sleepers or anyone who wants their own floor
Floor 2 — Bedroom with two twin beds + private ensuite · Right on the main living level
Floor 3 — Bedroom with two full beds + private ensuite
Floor 3 — Bedroom with king bed + private ensuite

🍳 KITCHEN & COMMON AREAS

Fully stocked kitchen — cook meals in or use it to get the night started
Open-concept living room with Smart TV
Washer + dryer on-site
Free Fast WiFi

📍 LOCATION
You're in the Buchanan Arts District with a handful of great spots within walking distance — grab a slice at Slim & Husky's Pizza, wings at Trap House, tacos at Tio Fun!, pastries at Sift Bakery, or comfort food at Bag Lady's Fry Joint. It's a real neighborhood with real food, right outside your door.
When you're ready for Broadway, you're only 2 miles and about 10 minutes away by car or rideshare — close enough to get there easily, far enough that you actually sleep when you come home.

Nearby:
Broadway & Lower Broadway — 10 Min 
Nissan Stadium — 10 Min 
Bridgestone Arena — 10 Min 
Nashville Farmers' Market — 7 minutes away
Chic-fil-a and Chipotle - 5 minutes
Easy rideshare pickup from the front door

🏠 PERFECT FOR

Group getaways
Concert weekends
Birthday trips
Family gatherings
Any group that wants real comfort close to the action

📋 HOUSE RULES

Check-in: 4:00 PM · Check-out: 10:00 AM
No pets
No smoking or vaping inside
Registered guests only · Max 10 guests
Please be respectful of neighbors

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire home.  Property can be accessed through the garage and the front door.

Other things to note
🏠 Property Features

4-story home · 4 bedrooms · 4 full bathrooms
Sleeps up to 10 guests
Check-in: 4:00 PM · Check-out: 10:00 AM
No pets

Bedrooms & Bathrooms

Every bedroom has its own  ensuite bathroom — no sharing required
Floor 1: Bunk bedroom (twin-over-full)
Floor 2: Bedroom with two twin beds
Floor 3: Bedroom with two full beds + bedroom with one king bed
Total: 4 full bathrooms across the home

Parking & Access

Private garage parking on-site
Additional outdoor spots along with street parking
Easy rideshare/uber access for getting around Nashville

Common Areas

Open-concept living room with Smart TV (2nd floor)
Fully stocked kitchen — great for cooking in or getting the night started

The Rooftop (4th Floor)

Private rooftop deck
Outdoor seating
Unobstructed downtown Nashville skyline views

Location

2 miles / 10-minute drive to Broadway and downtown Nashville
Quick access to bars, restaurants, music venues, and stadiums

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Rob
Host User ID: 439382316
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/439382316
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a full time host and enjoy interacting with guests and hearing about their trips.   I have two girls currently in college so we are sort of empty nesters other than our dog.  Still not taking advantage of ability to travel, so I need to get working on exploring more.
Born in the 70s
My work: SkyviewVacationHomes
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
428 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting