URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1709036146130875157
Latitude: 36.1264
Longitude: -86.7786
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Modern, stylish, and made for your Nashville getaway! Our chic 690 sq ft 2BR condo in the trendy Melrose area on 8th Ave. Just under 10 minutes from Broadway's live music, dining, and nightlife. Relax by the pool, unwind in the sleek living space, or cozy up with room for up to 6 guests thanks to the sofa bed.

Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, fast Wi-Fi, and thoughtfully designed interiors perfect for weekend trips, concerts, and girls' getaways. Your Nashville home base awaits!

The space
Step inside our home and you'll immediately be welcomed by a bright, modern living space designed for relaxing after a day exploring Nashville. 

Kick off your boots, sink into the stylish seating, and flip through the curated coffee table books while planning your next stop on Broadway!

Just beyond the living area, you'll find a cozy dining nook perfect for morning coffee, takeout nights, or a pre-concert happy hour. The fully equipped kitchen has everything you need to whip up breakfast before heading out or late-night snacks after a night on the town.

The living room also features a queen sofa bed, giving your group extra space to spread out comfortably.

Two inviting bedrooms each feature a plush queen bed, soft linens, and calming décor designed for a restful night's sleep. There is additional linen for the queen sofa bed! 

Head outside and cool off with access to the community pool—perfect after a warm Nashville day! The pool is located just east of the condo at our sister property, Building 1

Located in the heart of the trendy Melrose district on 8th Avenue, you're less than a 10-minute drive from the iconic honky-tonks, live music, and nightlife of downtown Broadway, while still enjoying a laid-back neighborhood feel with local coffee shops, restaurants, and boutiques just moments away.

Unit Amenities: 
☆ 690 Sq ft
☆ Smart TV
☆ FREE Wifi 
☆ 2 bedrooms w/queen beds
☆ Dining space
☆ Mr. Coffee drip coffee maker
☆ Spice rack
☆ Queen Sofa bed
☆ Bluetooth Sing Station 

Property Amenities: 
☆ Swimming pool (photos show a beige paint on the exterior of the building, it is now a deep navy! Shown in additional photos)
☆ Outdoor dining space
☆ Sun loungers
☆ Laundry facility

Guest access
You'll have access to the entire unit, laundry facility, & the pool during open season (roughly Memorial Day thru September). The pool is just east of the property, at the sister building next door. Please text our team if you have any issues finding it.

There is a parking lot on-site. Additional parking is available along Hillview Heights.

Other things to note
☆The condo itself is entirely renovated however is within a retro, restored apartment building that occasionally bears its age. 

 ☆ Our well-equipped kitchen features an oven, stove, and refrigerator however no dish washer. 

 ☆As soon as you step foot in Nashville, you'll notice that the skyline is peppered with cranes and other signs of the booming construction that is happening. Being in a lively city setting and a multi-unit building means you may occasionally hear everyday neighborhood sounds or other residents. While most guests find the space comfortable, we know some people are lighter sleepers, so we’ve provided a sound machine for added comfort if desired.   

 ☆ The on-site laundry room offers paid (via credit card) washers and dryers available for guest use. 

 ☆We typically will have a 2-night minimum on the weekends. Minimum night stays may fluctuate with certain events and holidays. 

 ☆The permit number for this listing can be found in the captions.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: UrbanNashville
Host User ID: 6855810
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6855810
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We are UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals. We're a small, locally owned management company. We pride ourselves in providing the best rental experience for you while you visit Music City! 

Our properties are located all over popular areas of Nashville. We have a spot for every traveller.

If you need any recommendations for the best places to check out, let us know! The chances are good that we have been there, and tried that. We look forward to hosting you

- Paige, Jordan & Adisson
My work: Nashville Enthusiast
Most useless skill: Junk journaling my travels
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
14236 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting