URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1783532496461922636
Latitude: 36.196606396982006
Longitude: -86.7766824711881
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Wake up to downtown skyline views from your private balcony in this modern East Nashville townhome, just 10 minutes from Broadway. The 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath home sleeps 6 guests with a king primary suite featuring its own balcony and ensuite, a queen room and a room with two twins. Gather around the large kitchen island, relax on the leather sofa, and enjoy parking at the door, an in unit washer and dryer, and easy self check in. Perfect for friends, families and music lovers exploring Music City.

The space
Main level (upstairs)
The heart of the home is an open living, dining and kitchen area with a bold accent wall, a large smart TV, leather sofa and two armchairs. Step through the French doors onto the balcony for views of the downtown Nashville skyline. The kitchen has a large quartz island with seating for four, stainless appliances, a dishwasher and a coffee maker. A queen bedroom with its own TV and a half bath are also on this level.

Entry level
The primary suite features a king bed, a backlit wood feature wall, TV, mini wine fridge, a bar table for two, and sliding doors to a private balcony surrounded by trees. The ensuite bath has a double vanity, glass walk in shower and walk in closet. The second bedroom has two twin beds, a TV and country music album art. A full hall bath with tub and shower, plus a stacked washer and dryer, complete this floor.

Sleeping arrangements
Primary: 1 king
Bedroom 2: 1 queen
Bedroom 3: 2 twins

Parking
Parking spaces directly in front of the unit.

Guest access
You'll have the entire townhome to yourselves, including both private balconies, the full kitchen, laundry and all three bedrooms. Check in is easy and contactless with a smart lock on the front door, and your personal entry code will be sent before arrival. Parking is right in front of the unit, just steps from the door.

Other things to note
This is a multi level townhome with stairs between floors, so it may not suit guests with limited mobility.

For the safety of our guests, an exterior video doorbell monitors the front entrance, and exterior cameras cover outdoor areas. There are no cameras inside the home.

Please be respectful of neighbors, as this is a residential community. Quiet hours are 10 PM to 8 AM, and parties or events are not permitted.

Smoking is not allowed anywhere inside the home or on the balconies.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Adam
Host User ID: 78356744
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/78356744
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Im Adam, owner of ---Acorn Property Management--- , a 5th-generation Nashville native dedicated to creating unforgettable stays. Since 2017, I’ve managed properties with a local touch, ensuring guests enjoy the best of Nashville. Whether you're here to stay or seeking a reliable co-host, Acorn provides top-notch service, quick responses, and attention to detail. Let us make your Nashville visit or hosting experience seamless and special!
My work: Acorn Property
Speaks English, Spanish, and Italian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
622 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting