URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1465989677690989712
Latitude: 36.1644
Longitude: -86.7807
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Light-filled designer interiors, private en-suite bedrooms, and an unbeatable downtown location make the Bellamy Suite the perfect Nashville getaway. This elegant 4-bedroom, 4-bath penthouse in the iconic Starr Piano Building features boutique-style comfort and serene modern design. Just two blocks from Broadway and steps from the Arcade, with a dedicated concierge, it's perfect for family vacations, group getaways, celebrations, and Music City stays. 🌆

The space
Experience serene downtown luxury at the Bellamy Suite, a light-filled 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom penthouse in the iconic Starr Piano Building. Awash in soft whites and blush tones, this ethereal retreat offers a calming contrast to the city’s vibrant energy, with stunning city views from floor-to-ceiling windows.

The open-concept layout is perfect for groups, featuring a comfortable living room, a pool table, and a dining area with seating for eight. Each of the four private bedrooms includes a smart TV and its own en-suite bathroom, offering an ideal blend of connection and personal comfort.

Key Amenities:
* Personalized concierge service
* Marshall Bluetooth sound system
* Pool table and built-in bar
* Fully equipped kitchen with island seating
* Dedicated workspace
* High-speed Wi-Fi
* Smart TVs in living room and all bedrooms
* In-unit washer and dryer
* Family-friendly: Pack ’n play/travel crib and high chair available

Sleeping Arrangements:
* Bedroom 1: King bed + twin rollaway bed
* Bedroom 2: King bed
* Bedroom 3: King bed
* Bedroom 4: Queen bed
* Living Room: Queen-sized air mattress

Parking: Complimentary overnight garage parking for one vehicle is available nearby.

Starr Piano Building: 
The Starr Piano Building is a historic 1880s Queen Anne landmark that has been thoughtfully reimagined as a luxury boutique vacation rental in the heart of downtown Nashville. Originally home to one of the South’s leading piano and organ retailers, it also holds the distinction of being Nashville’s first record store, offering early recordings by musical legends like Louis Armstrong, Gene Autry, and Charley Patton. This iconic building is a living tribute to the city's rich musical roots, spanning from ragtime and early jazz to Nashville’s modern-day rhythm. Whether you're drawn to music history, timeless architecture, or upscale urban stays, the Starr Piano Building offers a one-of-a-kind experience that beautifully bridges the past and present of Music City.

About Hallson Hospitality:  
At Hallson Hospitality, we pride ourselves on being a locally owned company committed to providing a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that meet the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our dedicated team of hospitality professionals is focused on creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for every guest. We offer a variety of Experience Add-ons to enhance your stay, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, yoga sessions and more.

Explore our other suites at The Starr Piano Suites for even more space and comfort.
The Roxie - airbnb.com/h/theroxieatstarrpianosuites
The Carraway - airbnb.com/h/thecarrawayatstarrpianosuites
The Highball - airbnb.com/h/highballatstarrpianosuites

Hosting a large group or special event?
The Highball and Bellamy Suites may be reserved together to accommodate groups of up to 24 guests. To view availability or make a reservation, please visit airbnb.com/h/thehighballandbellamyatstarrpianosuites
The entire Starr Piano Suites building can be rented. Just reach out for availability and pricing.

Guest access
Guests will have exclusive and private access to the entire Bellamy Suite penthouse. Prior to your arrival, you’ll receive a detailed email with everything you need for a seamless check-in, including directions and app access for contactless entry. The suite is located on the top floor and is easily accessible via an elevator.

Other things to note
Please note that onsite parking is not available. One complimentary parking space is included in the Sheraton Grand parking garage, just two blocks from the Starr Piano Building.

Parking Disclosure: While one complimentary overnight parking space with full in-and-out privileges is provided, availability may be limited during major Nashville events (such as New Year’s Eve or CMA Fest). The Sheraton Grand garage is self-park, and guests will receive an access card upon arrival.

As required by building regulations, the master bathroom includes a shower designed for accessibility. Accordingly, the shower features a curtain rather than a glass enclosure to accommodate these standards.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Luxury Collection
Host User ID: 707365269
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/707365269
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hospitality
Most useless skill: Making guests happy
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
98 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting