URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/27258909
Latitude: 36.14363
Longitude: -86.78358
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This modern luxury home features 4 bedrooms, 4 baths, a fully stocked kitchen w/ bar seating, a spacious living room, 2 car garage, rooftop patio w/ amazing views of Downtown Nashville skyline. This home is  WALKING DISTANCE of Nashville’s 12th South hotspot The Gulch. We are a short $5 Uber/Lyft ride to downtown, Broadway, Bridgestone Arena. Early bag drop before check in is available for an additional $50. No parties or events.

The space
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have adopted new cleaning procedures to ensure the safety and well-being of all our guests. Our cleaners are required to wear face masks during all cleans moving forward, and we have introduced new EPA approved cleaning products that kill coronavirus, as well as many other hard-to-kill viruses and bacteria. The linens, towels, bedsheets, etc. are washed per manufacturer's guidelines. We are also stocking our condo with additional, essential disinfectants and supplies to help you follow the CDC’s guidelines. We look forward to welcoming you to our condo and hosting your stay. We understand the threat of this virus and are committed to doing our part to slow the spread. If you have any questions, or specific requests, regarding our cleaning procedures, please feel free to inquire. 

We are certain your group will love this brand new modern home and that it will be one of the highlights of your Nashville vacation. The 4 true bedrooms and 3 and 1/2 baths will ensure that your group has plenty of space to spread out. The huge rooftop patio with an unbeatable view of downtown Nashville is perfect. If you happen to be in town for New Year’s Eve or the Fourth of July, you will have some of the best seats in the city for the downtown fireworks show. Please note we do not provide propane for the fire pit due to issues with misuse and safety. 

Each bedroom features brand new memory foam mattresses ranging from twin to king. The welcoming tall ceilings and abundance of natural light, along with spacious open floor plans, will help your group feel the perfect balance of privacy and community with plenty of room to spread out. The kitchen area features barstool seating for 4. The open floor plan makes sure no cooks miss out on the fun and can still see the game on TV! We have mounted TV’s with cable in the living room, as well as in 3 of the 4 bedrooms. The home is equipped with the fastest internet available through AT&T. 

Traveling doesn't mean having to eat out for every meal. We supply all of the kitchen necessities so you are able to cook or reheat leftovers easily! We have everything from pots and pans, storage containers, and a coffee maker, to wine glasses and corkscrews! Towels, linens, 2 irons & boards, 2 hair dryers, new Samsung washer and dryer (including detergent), Wi-Fi, cable, and many more amenities are all provided.

Please let us know if you are traveling with children or babies as we will gladly provide you with a pack n play, etc., upon request! Want a bag of diapers waiting in the house? Let us know! We understand these things are bulky and the less you have to pack and travel with the better! 

Traveling to Nashville to celebrate a special occasion? Let us know if you want to ship decorations in advance! We want your stay with us to be as fun and memorable as possible! 

Looking for concierge services? We refer guests to The Collective Concierge.  Contact The Collective Concierge via Instagram and they can help fill in any missing parts of your stay with us.

ATTENTION LOCAL GUESTS: All locals must send an 'inquiry' first using the 'Contact Host' option in the booking page to inform their interest in booking the listing, so we could check if we would be able to accommodate your stay, otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel any confirmed reservation made without our approval.

Guest access
You will enjoy 24-hour access to the house via a combination lock, so none of your guests will get stuck without a key and check-in and check-out are a breeze!

NOTE: Early check-in or late check-out are only possible if the booking calendar allows as we have many back-to-back bookings. Requests must be approved on a case-by-case basis. If they are possible, there is a $50 fee for either checking in earlier or checking out later.

Other things to note
Like what you see but it's not quite right? Please note that we have multiple listings available ranging from 3 to 4 bedroom houses in this area and other areas in Nashville (including The Gulch and East Nashville)! Feel free to check out our other listings on our AirBNB profile.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Drew
Host User ID: 206006183
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/206006183
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville, born and raised.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
648 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting