URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/49139733
Latitude: 36.17559
Longitude: -86.72716
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Nestled in a peaceful pocket of vibrant East Nashville, this stunning one-bedroom guest house is the perfect oasis to recharge for your adventures in Nashville. 

Filled with light and professionally designed for comfort and luxury, you will have everything you need with a serene bedroom, fully equipped kitchen, flexible work station and full-sized washer/dryer.

10 min to Downtown & Nissan Stadium
20 min to airport

The space
Dreamed up in 2018 as a place to host friends and family and constructed in 2020, the Riverside Retreat Guest House was designed by your host Mindy with East Nashville design-build firm Bootstrap, and decorated by HomeStyled Nashville. Mindy also lived in the Guest House while her main home on the property was renovated in 2021. All this means that you are in a space that has been called “the best AirBnB I’ve ever stayed in”!

KEY FEATURES:

☀ No stairs! Wheel your luggage in and out with ease.
☀ Sleeps up to 4 with one queen bed and one fold-out queen sofabed
☀ Luxury mattress, bedding and blackout curtains in main bedroom
☀ Modern and fully-equipped kitchen with coffee bar w/ Cuisinart Keurig Coffee Maker
☀ Large yard with outdoor seating options upon request
☀ Large walk in closet with lots of nice hangers and luggage bench allows plenty of room to unpack
☀ 1GB FAST Dedicated WiFi and Roku entertainment system
☀ Full-size GE washer and dryer with detergent provided
☀ Flexible work station (additional desk extension and monitor available)
☀ Peaceful treehouse-like views
☀ Gym equipment with treadmill, bowflex and dumbells
☀ Access to the incredible local food scene in East Nashville with dining, coffee shops, live music and hip bars minutes away by car
☀ Perfect for Nissan Stadium events–ask me about my secret parking hack!
☀ Decompress with a walk or run on the beautiful Shelby Park greenway just steps away

Here’s what a few guests have said:

“What an amazing space! Easily the most well stocked Airbnb we’ve stayed to date. The ambiance was great, comfy bed, quaint location and super friendly host! I know it’s done right, when I can see myself living there!” - Anthony

“Mindy's guest house was just perfect! Loved the furnishings, tons of space, and absolutely spotless. Great location in a quiet neighborhood with a huge park just moments away, but within minutes of everything you could want. Perfect blend of privacy and amenities. Mindy was also so incredibly kind and accommodating, quick to respond and answer questions or sort out a problem. Will definitely be back!” -Elizabeth

★ Guest House ★

☆☆ BEDROOM ☆☆

This gorgeous guest house accommodates up to 4 guests total–2 guests in one bedroom plus a fold-out sofa bed for 2 in the main living room.

Main Bedroom - What better way to start the day than picking your head up off the pillow in quiet dark room after a peaceful night’s sleep? With velvet blackout shades and ceiling fan in the bedroom, your comfort is under your control. 

The main bedroom boasts a queen sized Wink luxe bed and full bathroom with shower/tub combo across the hall.

☆☆ BATHROOM ☆☆

There is one full bathroom with a tub/shower combo in the guest house, stocked with all the essentials you need for the duration of your stay (body wash, shampoo, conditioner, hairdryer and more) The marble topped vanity has plenty of counter space for getting ready.

☆☆ KITCHEN & LIVING ROOM ☆☆

The bright and airy kitchen is fully equipped with all the appliances, utensils and cookware you need to feel at home. This thoughtfully-designed space has a flexible dining area or work station in addition to a separate laundry area. Two compact “TV trays” are also provided for more casual sofa-side dining. 

The living room is the main hub of the home and is outfitted with a 42-inch TV with a Roku entertainment system, allowing full access to your favorite streaming services. 

With high ceilings and large windows, the living room/kitchen is filled with natural light shining throughout the day. Enjoy the quiet, treehouse-like surroundings while reading books, watching TV or taking a work call. Open up the window for the fresh air on a beautiful day!

★ Garage ★

This is a separate space that is shared by the host, but completely available for your use. Available for luggage storage and workouts, it is equipped with extra supplies, a treadmill, Bowflex, yoga mats and free weights.

☆☆ OUTSIDE SPACE ☆☆

The exterior area of this home boasts quiet privacy and a beautifully maintained yard while close to all the city has to offer. Lawn chairs are available for enjoying the outside space either in the main yard or at the small private patio behind the guest house. Landscapers and the lawncare team may visit during your stay.

★☆ Book Today & Let Us Take Care Of You In East Nashville! ☆★

Guest access
This home is located in a quiet pocket of East Nashville, a popular and historic neighborhood that is consistently rated one of the top neighborhoods in the South. Close to the action of downtown and Broadway, East Nashville is full of young artists, independent thinkers and locally owned businesses. This neighborhood has it all–from nightlife to food to parks and greenways.

A unique lock code will be given to guests prior to their stay, granting them front door access. The home is fitted with a smart door lock with keypad and free parking for vehicles is available on the premises.

Metro Nashville STR Permit is always up to date: number available upon request

Guest access
Guests have private and secure access to all spaces within the listed property. The garage space is shared with the host/owner and you may hear use of the ultra-quiet garage door (which is the only way the host will access the garage when a guest is staying on property).

Other things to note
This AirBnB unit is in my backyard. It was constructed in 2020 with white siding and black trim—the main home on the lot is a 1950’s classic red-brick ranch.

There are no sidewalks or street parking in this section of the neighborhood. 

All guest cars must use the shared driveway and park in designated spaces to leave space for the host’s vehicles to park and maneuver.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mindy
Host User ID: 3963455
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/3963455
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I landed in Nashville as a theatre gypsy and never looked back! I've lived in East Nashville since 2005. 

I have traveled the world working in the entertainment industry (theater, cruise ships and corporate events) and have stayed in many, many hotels and BnB's. I design the type of home that I would love to stay in.  I love my city and neighborhood and can't wait to help you explore all the great spots in Nashville.
Where I went to school: SMU, Dallas TX
My work: Event Production
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
213 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting