URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1756090688523256084
Latitude: 36.1565
Longitude: -86.8166
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Skyline views from your private rooftop. A short walk to Centennial Park. Broadway & all the action is just minutes away. Whatever brings you to Nashville — a birthday, a bachelorette, celebration or just a weekend with your people — this home gives your entire crew the room, comfort, and location to make it unforgettable.

Welcome to The Ysabelle by Elevay & Co. — a spacious, modern townhome created for groups who want room to relax, gather, and enjoy the city.

The space
✨ What You'll Love

🌇 Private rooftop with Nashville city views
🔥 Fire pit for evenings spent outside with your group
🛏️ 4 bedrooms + 4 full bathrooms
🍽️ Spacious kitchen with plenty of room to cook and gather
🛋️ Multiple living spaces to spread out and relax
🚗 2-car garage for convenient private parking
🎶 Easy access to Broadway, downtown, restaurants & nightlife
🏡 Modern design throughout the home
✅ Early check-in & late check-out when available

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (4BR/4BA/10 Beds)
Bedroom 1: 2 Full Beds (first floor)
Bedroom 2: 1 Queen Bunk
Bedroom 3: 3 Twin, 2 Full
Bedroom 4: 1 King

Four full bathrooms make getting ready easier, especially when the whole group is heading out for the night.

🏡 Room to Gather
The Ysabelle gives your group the space to be together without feeling crowded.

The open living areas make it easy to hang out, watch a movie, catch up after a day out, or simply relax between Nashville adventures.

With four bedrooms and four full bathrooms, everyone has their own comfortable space to recharge while still having plenty of room to gather throughout the home.

☕ Start Your Morning
Ease into the day with coffee and breakfast in the spacious kitchen.

Whether you're an early riser heading out to explore or taking your time after a night on Broadway, the kitchen gives your group plenty of room to gather, grab a coffee, and plan the day ahead.

🍽️ Eat, Drink & Hang Out
The kitchen is designed for group stays, with plenty of space to prepare breakfast, make a quick meal, or gather together before heading out.

After exploring Nashville, come back and make yourself comfortable. Relax in the living areas, head up to the rooftop, or gather around the fire pit and enjoy a slower evening at home.

🌆 Rooftop views
Head upstairs and you'll find one of the home's standout features — a rooftop space with city views.

It's the perfect place to step outside, enjoy a drink, catch up with your group, and take in the Nashville atmosphere.

After a full day downtown, there's something special about coming back to your own private space and enjoying the city from above.

🔥 Fire pit nights
When the sun goes down, gather around the fire pit and make the most of your evening at home.

Whether you're swapping stories from the day, enjoying a drink with friends, or simply relaxing under the evening sky, the fire pit gives your group another place to come together.

🏙️ Location Highlights
🏛️ Steps to Centennial Park & OneCity (shops, restaurants, coffee, gyms, etc)
🎶 Minutes to Broadway & Nashville nightlife
🏙️ Minutes to Downtown Nashville
🍴 Close to restaurants, bars & local favorites
🎸 Easy access to Nashville's top attractions
✈️ Convenient location for exploring the city

You'll be close to the action without having to stay right in the middle of it.

🅿️ Parking
2-car garage parking is available for guests.
Convenient on-site parking makes arriving and coming and going throughout your stay easy. There's also available street parking that is first come, first serve. If you park behind the garage, there's a chance you will get towed. 

There's an active rail line down the road, so you may hear the occasional train in the distance — it's a small part of the neighborhood's character

WE DO NOT RENT TO LOCALS; ALL LOCALS MUST INQUIRE.

STRP #2021015138

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge, kitchen, living area, bedrooms, and bathrooms.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

STRP #2021015138

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting