URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/779731207538522931
Latitude: 36.1869
Longitude: -86.7621
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The longer you stay, the bigger the discount. Experience East Nashville at The Savant! This 2,854 sq. ft. luxury property sleeps 10 in 4 bedrooms and 3.5 baths. Enjoy a year-round private pool (heat offered), fire pit, and deck, plus a rooftop deck with skyline views, fireplace, and wet bar. Artistic murals, a chef’s kitchen, coffee bar, and high-speed Wi-Fi complete this modern, vibrant retreat—perfect for families, friends, or city explorers seeking style, comfort, and unforgettable moments.

The space
Designed for both relaxation and entertainment, The Savant offers a seamless blend of modern luxury and Nashville charm. Spanning three levels, this thoughtfully curated home comfortably accommodates up to 10 guests with stylish interiors, premium amenities, and inviting outdoor spaces with a private pool.

Main Floor
Step into an open and airy layout featuring a fully equipped kitchen with a gas stove, island seating, and a coffee bar stocked with a Keurig, French press, grinder, and fresh coffee beans. The dining area seats 10, making it perfect for group meals, while the adjacent living space boasts a versatile Lovesac sofa that can be arranged to sleep two guests. A king bedroom and full bath complete this level, offering convenience and privacy.

Second Floor
Upstairs, rich hardwood floors lead to a serene primary suite with a spa-like en-suite bath and a custom mural. Two additional king bedrooms, each infused with artistic Nashville flair, share a full bath. A dedicated laundry area with a full-size washer and dryer ensures effortless convenience during your stay.  Rooftop Retreat The rooftop deck is an entertainer’s dream—cozy up by the fireplace, mix drinks at the wet bar, and keep refreshments chilled in the mini-fridge. With panoramic views of the Nashville skyline, this space is perfect for unwinding after a day of exploring.  

Outdoor Oasis 
The backyard is your private retreat, featuring a brand-new, seasonally heated pool, a firepit, and a spacious deck for soaking up the sun. Fire up the grill for a casual cookout, challenge friends to a game of cornhole, or simply lounge poolside with your favorite drink in hand.  

With complimentary Wi-Fi, smart TVs, and Cleveland Park just steps away, The Savant is your ultimate Nashville getaway—where style, comfort, and entertainment come together seamlessly.

Guest access
New private pool and lounge deck at Savant Nashville is officially open for guests! This private outdoor oasis features a sparkling pool, comfortable loungers, and a cozy fire-pit, perfect for relaxing day or night. 

Seasonal Pool Heat: There is a per day fee to heat the pool. Please reach out for a quote.

Guests will have full access to The Savant, including all indoor and outdoor living spaces. Entry is seamless with a digital keypad lock, allowing for an easy, contact-free check-in. A unique code will be sent with check in information prior to your arrival. There will be a remote gate controller inside the property to unlock the back gate where the secured parking is located.  Whether you're unwinding in the living area, cooking in the chef’s kitchen, or enjoying a drink on the rooftop terrace, this home is yours to experience and enjoy.

Other things to note
PRIVATE POOL & LOUNGE DECK – OPEN YEAR-ROUND
The private pool and lounge deck at The Savant Nashville are ready for guests! This outdoor oasis features a sparkling pool, comfortable loungers, and a cozy fire pit—perfect for relaxing day or night. A pebble-concrete walkway seamlessly connects lounging and entertaining areas, creating the ideal space for soaking up the sun, enjoying an evening by the fire, or taking a refreshing dip.

Seasonal Pool Heat: There is a per day fee to heat the pool. Please reach out for a quote.

We take extra measures to sanitize ALL bedding (including pillows) with enhanced steam sanitation.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Shaun
Host User ID: 491053154
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/491053154
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
At Luxify Vacation Properties, we specialize in luxury vacation rentals across 30A and Nashville, offering unforgettable stays that combine upscale amenities with personalized guest care. Each home in our portfolio is handpicked for its quality, style, and location—professionally cleaned, thoughtfully maintained, and fully stocked to deliver a seamless, 5-star experience. Explore our full collection—our best homes book fast for every season.
Born in the 70s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
213 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting