URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/31530396
Latitude: 36.25257
Longitude: -86.58921
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Hendersonville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This private lakefront suite puts the water right at your doorstep with stunning, unobstructed views. 

Relax in your own private hot tub with coffee or wine, dine in the screened patio, or unwind by the fire pit as waves lap the shore. 

Explore the lake with the free kayaks or head into the city for live music. 

Whether you crave romance, relaxation, or adventure, this getaway has it all!

The space
‐‐----------------------------------------------‐-----------------------

♡  Property Info

Couple’s  Cove is the lower level of our home, complete with its own private entrance—like a lakeside condo that’s all yours. The suite and all listed amenities are fully private for your stay.

We, the homeowners, live upstairs with our two dogs. You may occasionally hear us moving around, but we do our best to keep things quiet and will always respect your privacy.

♡  Inside the Suite

This charming one bedroom, one bathroom guest suite offers stunning, unobstructed lake views from every window.

Inside, enjoy a cozy master bedroom with a queen-size TempurPedic bed and spacious bathroom. The living room includes a pull out sofa should you need extra sleeping space.  Smart TVs are in both areas for cozy movie nights!

For indoor fun, the family room and kitchen area features a pool table, darts, and plenty of board games. 

♡  Outdoor Spaces

Step outside to your private screened in patio with a five person hot tub and dining area overlooking the lake. Beyond that, a private deck with a fire pit table sets the scene for starry evenings by the water.

♡  Things to Do on the Property

• Paddleboard or kayak (provided free)
• Fish right off the dock
• Swim in the lake
• Soak in your private hot tub
• Play pool, darts, or board games
• Relax with a good book
• Enjoy movie night on either smart TV

We’ve thought of everything so you can relax, play, and enjoy the lake!

Guest access
Check in is easy and contactless with a smart lock, so you can arrive anytime after 3pm. You won’t need to meet us, but since we live upstairs, we’ll be nearby if you need anything—otherwise, your privacy is fully respected.

Your private spaces include the entire guest suite (bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, family room and game room), plus a screened patio with a private hot tub and dining area, and an additional deck with a fire pit table, plenty of seating, and a grill. All of these areas are exclusively for you.

Please note, the rock shoreline is public property and may be used by others (but rarely is). The kayaks and the paddleboard are shared with homeowners and available on a first come basis (there are 2 singles and a double so plenty for everyone)—just let us know if you’d like to reserve them, and we’ll gladly set them aside for you.

Other things to note
We’ll send you the door code on the morning of your arrival for an easy check-in.

Smoking is not allowed inside the home, but you’re welcome to smoke outside or on the screened patio.

For your convenience, we provide upgraded Wi-Fi if you need to work during your stay, and a whole-house generator ensures the fun continues even during a Tennessee storm.

Please note: only the two registered guests are permitted on the property. If you’d like to have daytime visitors, please contact us in advance for approval. Day guests must leave by 9pm, and numbers are limited. As this is also our home, we ask that no unannounced visitors come onto the property.

Finally, we kindly ask: no pets, no children, and no parties.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Stacy
Host User ID: 233155741
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/233155741
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Couple's Cove!  We are happy to share our little piece of heaven with you!  My husband and I moved to the Nashville area 8 years ago from PA to live the dream of owning a lake house.  We hope to see you at the lake sometime soon :)
Born in the 70s
Where I went to school: Arizona State
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
340 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting