URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1393923847755588358
Latitude: 36.13926102066595
Longitude: -86.78720093249107
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Planning a girls' getaway to Music City? Look no further - LYRIC LOUNGE is the perfect place for bachelorette parties, birthday trips, or just a weekend escape with your besties!

Featured in Architectural Digest, this home is packed with personality and designed for unforgettable memories, laughter-filled nights, and Insta-worthy moments.

Enjoy close proximity to Broadway, relax on the rooftop, and snap pics together in the selfie lounge. Lock in your stay now and let the memories begin!

The space
Welcome to LYRIC LOUNGE - the perfect place for your girls getaway. Each room is themed with lyrics from your favorite country-pop legends, making it the ultimate backdrop for your Music City adventure! 

KEY FEATURES:
⭐4 bedrooms, 9 beds, up to 12 guests
⭐Prime Location: <10 minutes to Broadway, 12 South, and the Gulch
⭐Rooftop Deck - equipped with a fire pit and full dining table 
⭐Insta-worthy design with countless photo opps throughout the house
⭐3 full baths stocked with all the essentials (shampoo, conditioner, body wash, etc)
⭐Coffee provided
⭐Laundry room with Washer & Dryer
⭐Parking: free street parking available

Expect a Five Star stay with us! We are always available to assist with dining and activity recommendations and help with anything else needed during your stay.

*LOCATION*
Driving:
Broadway/Downtown → 10 minutes
12 South → 3 minutes
The Gulch → 5 minutes
Nissan Stadium → 10 minutes
BNA Airport → 15 minutes

*SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS*
9 beds - 3 Queen, 4 Twin, 2 Twin Daybeds
Bedroom 1 (Lavender Haze): 2 Twins
Bedroom 2 (Butterflies): 1 Queen
Bedroom 3 (Pink Champagne): 1 Queen + 1 Twin bed nook
Bedroom 4 (Sangria): 1 Queen, 1 Twin Trundle
Living Room: 2 Twin Daybeds

*HOME LAYOUT*

FIRST FLOOR: 
Bedroom 1 (Lavender Haze) - 2 twin beds plus a full ensuite bathroom

Garage - Selfie Longe with 2 photo backdrops and benches

SECOND FLOOR:
Kitchen – Well equipped kitchen fully stocked with coffee + K cups, wine glasses, and everything you’d need to cook most meals. Seating available at the island. Large mural based on “Flowers” by Miley Cyrus provides a great photo opp

Living Room - 2 twin daybeds that double as couches and an additional sleeping area. Plus a smart TV to watch your favorite streaming apps

Powder Room - convenient half bathroom located off of the kitchen and living room space

Bedroom 2 (Butterflies) –  1 Queen bed + a make-up station to provide the perfect spot to get ready for your night out!

THIRD FLOOR:
Bedroom 3 (Pink Champagne) – Queen bed plus a Twin bed tucked in a cozy nook. Spacious en suite bathroom attached with dual vanities and a walk-in shower 

Full Bathroom - Full bathroom located in hallway with a tub shower

Bedroom 4 (Sangria) - Queen bed with a Twin trundle. Plus a well equipped makeup getting ready station

Laundry - Washer & Dryer

FOURTH FLOOR: Rooftop Deck 

The private rooftop is a prime spot for the whole squad to gather and get some sun and fresh air. Perfect spot for sunny brunches to start your day or evening cocktails to wind down. Lounge on the cozy couch around the firepit table or have a full dinner or brunch at home at the full sized dining table. Like the rest of the house, the rooftop is also packed with color and design elements, including a Nashville skyline mural providing another incredible photo opp!

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire home during their stay.

Parking:
There are a few parking spots right next to the home but they are shared with the other townhomes in the row and are first come first serve.

There is also free street parking available on the adjacent streets just a short walk away. 

There is a Smart TV in the living room - feel free to log in to your favorite streaming platform to watch TV or stream music.

Other things to note
Minimum age to book per Nashville law is 21. Host reserves the right to request ID verification.

Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. We ask that you respect our neighbors by keeping your exterior noise level down and adhere to the quiet hours of 10pm-8am

NO SMOKING of any kind inside the home or on the patio.

**The home is equipped with 24/7 motion-activated Ring cameras that capture audio and video, exclusively monitoring the front of the home, and the rear entry door to ensure your safety while respecting your privacy indoors**

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brendan
Host User ID: 396058414
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/396058414
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm originally from Annapolis, MD but Nashville has become home for me. 

I enjoy sports, especially football, and exploring everything Nashville has to offer with friends on the weekends. Let me know if you need any recommendations!

I look forward to welcoming guests and helping make their stay as enjoyable as possible.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Davidson College
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
723 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting