URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1599008938266061003
Latitude: 36.1327
Longitude: -86.7657
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 9
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to WeHo, one of Nashville's most desirable neighborhoods! 

This Maven Collection gem blends luxe style with unbeatable location. Enjoy professional design touches 🛋️, ensuite bathrooms for each hotel-inspired bedroom 🛁, and plenty of space for your whole group. 

When it's time to explore, you're only steps from buzzworthy eats 🍽️ , top ranked Santa's Pub, and Geodis Park ⚽. Craving Broadway’s honky tonks? You’re just 9 minutes away 🚗. This location is truly spectacular.

The space
As soon as you walk through the door, you’ll feel it—the quality, the charm, the elevated style of a true Maven Collection home. Exposed brick, high-end furniture, and historically inspired touches flow through the space, creating a warm-yet-glam atmosphere. This is not your average vacation rental—it’s pure luxury 🛋️✨
 
🛋️ LIVING ROOM 🛋️
Perched on the second floor with an open-concept layout and private balcony, this space channels the energy of a chic hotel lobby ✨—yet it’s cozy enough for a family movie night 🍿 or craft cocktails with your crew 🍷. It flows effortlessly into the chef’s kitchen, dining area, and patio for seamless entertaining.
• 55” Wifi TV
• Sleeper Sofa/Sectional
• Day bed with trundle

👩‍🍳 KITCHEN & DINING 🍽️
Calling all hosts with the most 👩‍🍳—this kitchen was made for entertaining. Fully stocked with all the essentials and more, it’s the kind of space that makes morning coffee or a gourmet dinner feel equally fabulous...especially if prepared with one of our private chef recommendations! 
•  Gas Range
• Oven
• Refrigerator/Freezer
• Microwave
• Dishwasher
• Drip Coffee Makers
• Toaster
• Glassware & Silverware
• Pots, Pans & Cooking Utensils 
• Dining table & island seating
 
💤 SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS - 3 BEDROOMS 💤
With three hotel-inspired bedrooms, this space was crafted to be beautiful and comfortable. All bedrooms and bathrooms feature linens, towels, soaps, TVs, and light-filtering window treatments.

• Pillows, Linens, Towels and Sheets 
• Shampoo/Soaps
• Light-filtering window treatments

🛏️ Bedroom 1 - King Bedroom (1st floor)
•  King Bed
•  Rollaway Bed (Available upon request)
•  Ensuite Bathroom 

🛏️ Bedroom 2 - King Bedroom (3rd floor)
•  King Bed
•  Single Twin Daybed (Available upon request)
•  Ensuite bath
 
🛏️ Bedroom 3 -  (3rd floor)
•  2x full beds
•  Ensuite baths

🛋️ Common Spaces 🛋️
• Rollaway beds, pack n’ play available upon request
 
🏡 Other than the already mentioned amenities, our home also comes with:
•  High-Speed Wi-Fi
•  Laundry Room with Washer/Dryer

🚙 Parking 🚙
There is free on street parking as well as room for two vehicles directly behind the garage. The garage is currently a game room with ping pong, a TV, and sectional sofa.

THE NEIGHBORHOOD
Welcome to WeHo, y’all—where creativity meets cool 🎨 Nestled beside GEODIS Park (⚽ home of Nashville SC), this vibrant neighborhood is packed with art galleries, trendsetting restaurants, and a little bit of magic around every corner. From craft cocktails to boutique shopping, it’s all right here.

Just next door, you’ll find GEODIS Park—the largest soccer-specific stadium in the U.S. and home to Nashville SC. Game days are pure electric, with the buzz of fans, live music, and that signature Southern hospitality in the air. Whether you're a die-hard supporter or just in it for the energy (and hot chicken), catching a match here is a Nashville experience like no other.

WeHo:
⚽ GEODIS Park – the largest soccer-specific stadium in the U.S.
👜 Hermès
🫒 Aba, Bastian, and other top ranked restaurants
🍻Santas pub - top ranked dive bar in Nash

🌿 TWELVE SOUTH:
Equally close is charming 12 South, one of Nashville’s most beloved neighborhoods. Tree-lined streets, craftsman homes, and a walkable stretch of boutiques, coffee shops, and iconic eateries make this area a chill reprieve from the neon of Broadway. 

🍽️ Where to Eat & Sip:
• Bartaco – Coastal vibes and killer tacos with breezy patio seating.
• Josephine – Sophisticated Southern dining in a stylish, warm setting.
• Urban Grub – A local fave for upscale comfort food, raw bar, and craft cocktails.
• Ember’s Ski Lodge – Après-ski meets Southern hospitality with fun drinks and cozy vibes.
• Ladybird Taco – Casual and delicious for a quick bite or morning taco run.

☕ Coffee & Treats:
• Frothy Monkey – A Nashville staple for coffee, brunch, and people-watching.
• Five Daughters Bakery – Their 100-layer donuts are legendary—and totally worth the hype.

🛍️ Shop the Street:
• Draper James – Reese Witherspoon’s Southern-chic boutique. So photo-worthy it’s practically a landmark.
• Imogene + Willie – Iconic denim shop in a converted gas station. True Nashville cool.
• Crue & Serendipity – For feminine, curated style with a bit of glam.
• White’s Mercantile – A modern-day general store with luxe gifts, goods, and Southern charm.

From coffee dates to dinner plans, 12 South is the perfect blend of laid-back and luxe. The ideal spot to spend an afternoon strolling, shopping, and soaking up the Nashville lifestyle. ✨

🏟️ Close to All the Action 🏟️
Sports lovers, rejoice—you’re just minutes from Nashville’s biggest stadiums and arenas. Whether you're here for a sold-out concert, playoff game, or Saturday tailgate, this location puts you front and center without the hassle.

🏒 Bridgestone Arena (5 min) – Home of the Nashville Predators and epic concerts from the biggest names in music. Right on Broadway—grab a drink before the puck drops!

🏈 Nissan Stadium (10 min) – Catch a Titans game, a major music fest, or Nashville SC matches in this iconic riverfront stadium.

⚽ Geodis Park (1 min!) – The brand-new, state-of-the-art home of Nashville SC, and the largest soccer-specific stadium in the U.S.

⚾ First Horizon Park (15 min) – Home to the Nashville Sounds (our beloved minor league baseball team) with great seats, skyline views, and a family-friendly vibe.

And just minutes away:
🎤 Broadway (8 mins / 2 mi)
🥂 The Gulch (7 mins / 2 mi)
🌳 Vandy / Centennial Park (15 mins / 4 mi)
✈️ BNA Airport (~15 mins)

Guest access
This house is exclusively yours for the duration of your stay, so relax, unwind, and make yourself at home! A door code is all you'll need to get in!

Other things to note
✧ UNIQUE DOOR CODES✧
At Maven, we take your privacy and security seriously. Each reservation is issued a unique door code for your stay.

✧ NO SHARED SPACES ✧
The home is exclusively yours for the duration of your stay!

✧ NO SMOKING ✧
This is a non-smoking house, so we kindly ask all our guests to refrain from smoking on the premises.
 
✧ GUEST VERIFICATION ✧
Local regulations require us to verify your identity prior to check in. We do this with a simple check in form where you input a government issued ID. Don’t worry, your information is encrypted and always stored securely.
 
✧ NO LOCAL RESERVATIONS ✧
Local reservations are only accepted with prior notice and approval.
 
✧ ACCIDENTAL DAMAGE INSURANCE ✧
Things happen…so every reservation is covered by our accidental damage insurance policy at no additional charge! 
 
✧ SANITIZATION & CLEANING✧
We ALWAYS treat our home like a high-end hotel with dedicated cleaning staff and quality assurance checks because cleanliness is so important to a great stay! With the addition of COVID-19, the heath, safety, and wellbeing of our guests are even more in the spotlight. For these reasons, we use strict disinfection protocol after every stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Ashley
Host User ID: 269786762
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/269786762
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville Native - Realtor - Animal Lover

Born and raised in Nashville, and a Realtor since 2009, I have witnessed firsthand the transformation of our quaint country town to the nationally sought-after destination it is today. 

Maven Destinations is my passion project to share intimate local insight, genuine hospitality, and a curated portfolio of homes...in what I consider one of the best cities in the world...with you! I hope you'll join us!
Born in the 80s
My work: Real Estate Agent
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1217 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting