URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1546005246059274013
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7752
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Whether you’re planning a girls trip, birthday, or a fun getaway, this space was designed for getting ready together, taking photos, and stepping straight into the energy of Broadway just minutes away.

✔ Walk to Broadway
✔ Sleeps 6 comfortably
✔ Photo-ready space + western vibes
✔ Perfect for groups, celebrations & weekend escapes

The space
Start your morning slow with coffee and music…
Get ready together with mirrors, space, and good lighting…
Snap photos before heading out…
Then walk straight into Nashville’s best spots.

This isn’t just a stay, it’s part of the experience.

THE SPACE
✔ Sleeps up to 6 comfortably and perfect for groups
✔ Spacious layout so everyone can get ready at once
✔ Comfortable beds (1 King, 2 Queen ) so you actually recharge after a night out
✔ In-unit washer/dryer (perfect for weekend stays)

WHAT MAKES THIS PLACE DIFFERENT
* Photo wall for group pictures
* Western/Nashville aesthetic + cowboy hats
* Designed for birthdays, bachelorettes & celebrations
* A space that feels fun, not just functional

 LOCATION 
Walk to Broadway, live music, restaurants, and Nashville nightlife No long drives, no added stress.

Everything you came to Nashville for is right here.

INDULGE IN YOUR SENSES:
• Gourmet Kitchen: Cook up pre-party snacks or a late-night feast. Enjoy complimentary snacks, coffee, tea and creamer.

RELAX AND RECHARGE:
• Courtyard Oasis: Unwind on the gorgeous courtyard balcony with pool views, sipping your favorite cocktail or enjoying a cup of coffee.
• Entertainment Central: Binge-watch your favorite shows on the 4K UHD 65-inch Smart TV, stream on high speed Wi-Fi, or have a fun game night.

PERFECT FOR
• Girls trips
• Bachelorette weekends
• Birthday celebrations
• Friend getaways

GOOD TO KNOW
• Located in a lively, central area
• Ideal for groups and weekend travelers
• Not suited for quiet retreats

Weekends book quickly, secure your dates before they’re gone.

Planning something special? 
Ask about our celebration add-ons

Guest access
Guests have full access to the building's resort-style amenities including the pool, state-of-the-art gym, courtyard, and Sky Lounge via the Latch app. Further instructions provided upon booking.

Amenities include:
- Courtyard with BBQ grills, fire pits, and outdoor dining.
Hours: 10am-10pm.
- Heated pool open year-round with free lounging and option to rent luxurious poolside cabanas. Hours:
10am-8pm.
- Convenient Baggage Bellhop service stores your luggage for $5/bag before or after check-in/out. Hours:
9am-5pm.
- Overnight Security. Hours: 10pm-6am.
- Gym, fully equipped with rock climbing and yoga studio. Hours: 24 hours.
- Onsite Emergency Maintenance. Hours: 24 hours.

Parking:
One reserved parking space is available through us for $35 per night, subject to availability. Please request to reserve parking via Airbnb messenger after booking, and we will confirm availability.

Alternatively, or if you need an additional space, on-site parking is available. The cost is typically $45 per night, and is managed by the parking authorities. Please note that parking is strictly monitored. After parking, you must locate the kiosk in the parking area to pay for the number of days you plan to use the space.

We are not responsible for the closure or unavailability of any of these shared amenities, which is completely out of our control. Should this situation occur, we will not be able to refund any of your stay with us.

Registration Details 
STR Permit #2018074377

Other things to note
Entire space & shared spaces such as lobby, courtyard, the sky lounge, swimming pool & gym are included in this rental. Please, make yourself at home.

We are not responsible for the closure or unavailability of any of these shared amenities, which is completely out of our control. Should this situation occur, we will not be able to refund any of your stay with us. 

We are also not responsible for any high noise levels that may occur in or out of the building, including construction. Nashville has a vibrant, growing, active downtown and we provide ear plugs for you to use as needed.

 Your booking fully acknowledges this, as it is completely out of our control. Please remember that you're staying in an apartment, not a hotel. Please treat the space with respect. If any problems arise, we will do our best to take action ASAP.  Have fun & Enjoy your stay!

Registration Details 
STR Permit #2018074377

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tricia
Host User ID: 351742798
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/351742798
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’m all about creating easy, comfortable, walkable stays that feel like home. At Howdy Partner, you’ll enjoy a clean, stylish space in a location that gives you the best of both worlds — peace and comfort, plus the ability to walk right into downtown Nashville.

I’m here if you need anything during your visit. Such as  recommendations and local gems. I love hosting, and I want your stay to feel effortless.
Where I went to school: .
Speaks English and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
85 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting