URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1046563109962598448
Latitude: 36.18423
Longitude: -86.73703
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stunning newly-renovated light-filled home in leafy East Nashville minutes from Downtown, Broadway, and Vanderbilt.  Traditional southern architecture meets high-end design in this gorgeous historic home creating a tranquil, spa-like atmosphere, perfect for hosting out of town guests, family re-unions, an artists retreat or corporate meetings.

The space
This historic home has designer furniture, stained glass panels, 12' ceilings throughout, two "hang-out" areas (living room and game room), a well-equipped Chef's kitchen, and a spectacular dining room and living room.  The home has a work area, super-fast wifi, and a master bedroom with a Roku TV and 2 opulent bathrooms (1 is en-suite).  The game room and living room both have queen-sized pull-out couches.

There is also a shaded private porch with a dining area and a bench swing so you can really unwind in southern style!  If you listen hard, depending on which way the wind is blowing, you may hear the faint sound of a train whistle in the distance, a sound which has inspired countless country hits and lap steel guitarists.

The living room has a 65" Roku TV, designer furniture, a tree mural and hanging bench (suitable for sitting not swinging :-)) and stained glass panels.  

Between the living room and the dining room is a luxurious see-thru fireplace (operable in winter season).

The dining room has stained glass, ornamental ironwork and designer furniture including a centerpiece dining table.  

The game room has designer furniture and various board games in case the weather does not cooperate :-).  The game room also contains the first work area.

The gorgeous, well-stocked kitchen has Thor appliances, a Keurig and a Braun coffee maker, a ninja air fryer and blender, and and a butler's pantry with an ice-maker.

Bedroom 1 is the master suite which has 12' high ceilings and a designer four poster king bed, a vintage vanity, stained glass panels, and 65" Roku TV.  Bathroom 1 is en-suite to Bedroom 1 and has a sensational 12' tall shower, bidet and marble vessel sink.

Bedroom 2 has a European king bed (63" x 79"), 50" Roku TV, and an en-suite bathroom (Bathroom 2) with an opulent shower, a gorgeous vintage style claw-foot tub and a marble vessel sink.

Bedroom 3 has a European king bed (63" x 79"), 50" Roku TV, walk-in closet, signed lyrics from a hit Nashville songwriter, and an en-suite bathroom (Bathroom 3) with a gorgeous shower and marble vessel sink. 

Bedroom 4 has a European king bed (63" x 79"), 43" Roku TV, a walk-in closet, and charming pocket doors.  Bedroom 4 also contains the second work area.

Bathroom 4 has a impressive 12' tall shower and a freestanding bathtub and an extra "mini" vanity area in addition to the regular vanity, and also has a bidet.

The bedroom is also equipped with white noise machines and my favorite "Mack" earplugs in case you are a light sleeper like me :-).

Great location - 5 minutes to 5 points, 15 minutes to Vanderbilt, 12 minutes to Broadway, 5 minutes to Shelby Golf Course.
 
Walk to Rosepepper Cantina, Jeni's Splendid Ice Cream, Ugly Mugs, Lockeland Table, Noko, Kore, Graze, 5 Daughters Bakery, Pelican & Pig, Cafe Roze, Two Ten Jack, Frothy Monkey, Vinyl Tap, The Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden, Peninsula, Olive & Sinclair, etc.

The pool should be complete by late fall 2026, however please note the construction schedule may change. Therefore, if a pool is essential for your stay then it would make sense to find another property.

Guest access
You will have an access code that is generated just for you during your stay.

Other things to note
Between 8 am and 6 pm Monday to Friday there may be construction occurring in the back garden.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tim
Host User ID: 5846973
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/5846973
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
125 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting