URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/44390779
Latitude: 36.186
Longitude: -86.7546
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience East Nashville at The Sharp, just 2 miles from Broadway and Nissan Stadium. 
- Queen memory foam mattress in the primary suite
- Work-ready with high-speed WiFi
- Dedicated 1-car garage
- Stylish living area equipped with Smart TVs for streaming
- Walk to local favorites like Mas Tacos Por Favor and The Pharmacy Burger & Beer Garden
- Minutes to trendy Five Points neighborhood and award-winning bars and restaurants like Bad Idea, Peninsula, and Kisser

The space
Explore East Nashville's charm from our stylish townhouse, The Sharp, perfect for up to 6 guests. Nestled within walking distance from Mas Tacos and mere minutes from Broadway, our home offers a private garage, cozy den, and a fully-equipped kitchen. Digital nomads will delight in a dedicated workspace, blending work and play in the heart of Music City, whether for a long weekend or a month-long adventure. 

Sleep in Style:  
- 1st floor den: 1 full sofa bed  
- 2nd floor primary suite: 1 queen  
- Living Room: 1 Queen Sleeper Sofa  

Elevated Amenities for an Exceptional Stay:  
- Private workspace with a desk  
- Smart TVs in every room  
- Free parking: 1-car garage for seamless parking
- 24/7 communication access to our team  

Inside Your East Nashville Retreat:  
Welcome to The Sharp, where comfort and convenience beautifully merge. The first-floor den welcomes you with a versatile sofa and chaise, ready to transform and comfortably sleep two. This home is equipped with Smart TVs for you to easily log into your favorite streaming services! Climb the stairs to the main living area, where a plush mid-century leather sofa and fully-equipped kitchen awaits. The tranquil primary suite with its queen memory foam mattress invites you to restful nights, with entertainment just a click away. Designed for four but able to accommodate six with our queen air mattress package, this home promises a welcoming and memorable stay for all guests.

PLEASE NOTE: Due to the nature of the Nashville popularity boom, construction recently started near the home. You should expect some construction disruption Monday-Friday between 7am and 7pm.  

Superior Connectivity for Work and Play:  
Enjoy complimentary high-speed internet throughout your stay, designed for both productivity and entertainment, keeping you connected at all times.  

Long Term Living:  
Looking for a comfortable, furnished home in Nashville for an extended stay? Whether you're a digital nomad, college student, or settling in as our newest neighbor, we've got you covered. If you're interested, feel free to reach out to learn more! Please take note that there is a refundable security deposit of $500 charged separately before check-in for any reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and a deposit of $1,000 charged separately before check-in for any reservations over 6 months.  

Enhancements for Your Stay:  
Need a concierge? Let us recommend the best bars and restaurants in town, and even help you find one-of-a-kind in-home experiences.  

Savor hearty Southern comfort food, from classic barbecue to spicy hot chicken, paired perfectly with a steaming cup of local craft coffee. Explore the rich history at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Johnny Cash Museum, or take a cozy stroll through the boutiques and coffee shops in East Nashville.  

Permit: CASR 2020_followedby_034745

Guest access
You'll have access to the entire unit and a 1 car garage!

Other things to note
Welcome to our boutique hospitality experience, led by a close-knit team of husband-and-wife duo and their close friends. We've been making dream vacations come true since 2014 and we're thrilled to do the same for you! We choose our properties with care, only offering places we'd love to stay in ourselves. You'll find top local spots around each location and we're always ready to suggest the best picks tailored just for you.

- Check-In: We provide a unique, custom door code for each stay for secure and easy keyless entry.
- Guest Verification: All guests are required to complete an additional guest verification process after booking, which includes signing a liability agreement.
- Local Bookings: We typically do not host local residents. We may inquire about the purpose of your stay and reserve the right to decline bookings.
- Security Deposit: A refundable security deposit is required for longer stays and is charged separately before check-in. The deposit is $500 for reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and $1,000 for reservations over 6 months.
- Child-Friendly Rentals: If you need a pack and play or high chair, please inquire for a unique link to rent these items.
- 24/7 Support: Our team is available around the clock to help with any questions or personalized requests.
- Permit Numbers: CASR 2020_followedby_034745

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Beckon Homes
Host User ID: 6675690
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6675690
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We're the crew at Beckon Homes. We're a small, family-run boutique property management company that works hard to treat our guests like our loved ones by welcoming them into homes and neighborhoods we ourselves would stay in. Our team is on 24/7/365 to ensure you have everything you need, whenever you need it. We can't wait to host you at one of our homes!
My work: making guests comfy
Most useless skill: no skill is useless!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
9907 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting