URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1397274481902181470
Latitude: 36.1839
Longitude: -86.7548
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Modern comfort and thoughtful design await at Kay's Retreat. This brand-new 1-bedroom apartment features a bright open-concept layout, a cozy private bedroom, and everything you need for a relaxing stay. Perfect for couples, solo travelers, business trips, and extended stays, you'll enjoy a peaceful retreat with easy access to Nashville's top dining, live music, and attractions. 🌿

The space
This one-bedroom apartment has been carefully curated by a local designer to ensure a memorable guest experience. With a fully equipped, modern kitchen, smart TVs in every room, and a cozy, comfortable bed, it has everything you need to feel right at home. Equipped with all the essentials for a relaxing stay, it’s the ideal spot to rest and recharge.

Things You'll Love:
◆ Prime location in the heart of East Nashville (just 2 miles to Broadway)
◆ Open concept living space 
◆ Private bedroom featuring a plush king bed
◆ Stylishly decorated by a local designer
◆ Smart TVs—easily connect to all your favorite streaming apps!
◆ Fully equipped kitchen with an island
◆ One off-street parking space
◆ Reliable high-speed Wi-Fi
◆ Private washer and dryer 
◆ Walking distance to Five Points with some of Nashville’s best restaurants
◆ Just one block from the famous Pharmacy Burger

Apartment Layout:
◆ Bedroom: King Bed + Smart TV
◆ Living Room - Sofa bed + Smart TV
◆ Open concept kitchen
◆ Full Bathroom with Walk-in Shower 

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering Kay's Retreat for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
The parking lot is shared among all apartments and includes five standard parking spaces, along with one designated handicap space. Spaces are not assigned. Each reservation may park one vehicle in the lot, as availability allows. Additional street parking is available along Hart Avenue, just one block away.

The apartment is located on the second floor of the building, and please note, there is no elevator.

Set within a modern residential complex in a premier downtown location, the apartment offers both comfort and convenience. As with most urban settings, some ambient city noise or sounds from neighboring residences may be present.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5404 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting