URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1785062468479202197
Latitude: 36.161928806216416
Longitude: -86.77667912169667
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 16
beds: 26
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Saddlery by AvantStay. Eight two-bedroom apartments under one historic brick-and-beam roof put the whole crew next door to one another, with private space to regroup and the best of Music City at street level. Broadway's neon is two minutes out the door, and Printers Alley is just around the corner.

🎸 2-min walk to Broadway, the Ryman & Bridgestone Arena
🛏️ 8 private units & 16 bedrooms, sleeps 52 together
🍳 Full kitchens, island seating & elevator access

The space
Some Nashville trips outgrow a single vacation home. For those, there's The Saddlery: eight two-bedroom apartments inside one historic downtown building, booked together so a crew of up to 60 can spread out in private units while staying right next door to one another. Broadway's neon glow is a two-minute walk in one direction, the tucked-away music rooms of Printers Alley a short stroll in the other, and everything in between belongs to one of the most walkable addresses in the city.

The building itself is part of the draw. Original brick-and-beam bones give the apartments an unmistakable urban-loft feel, with exposed brick and fresh, design-minded interiors layered over the historic shell. The units sit on the upper floors, and an elevator handles the climb, a detail your legs will thank you for after a night on the honky-tonk strip.

Every apartment follows the same playbook: an open-concept living space with comfortable seating and a smart TV, a sleeper sofa for whoever swears they're only staying one more night, and a full kitchen with stainless steel appliances, a dishwasher, a stocked drip coffee maker, and island bar seating that inevitably becomes the spot where last night gets retold. The layouts vary just enough to sort everyone comfortably. Four apartments sleep eight apiece with two king bedrooms each, one fitted with a desk for the person who insists they're just checking email. Two more sleep eight with a king primary behind room-darkening shades and a king-over-king bunk room built for four. The final two sleep six with a king bedroom and a full bedroom. Each unit has a full bathroom plus a half bath, so mornings never turn into a standoff.

Step outside and the city takes over. The honky-tonks of Lower Broadway are a two-minute walk, the Ryman Auditorium, the Mother Church of Country Music, is barely four, and the Johnny Cash Museum is a three-minute stroll for a dose of history between live sets. Assembly Food Hall and the Skydeck sit within a few blocks, the Country Music Hall of Fame is a ten-minute walk, and Bridgestone Arena is close enough to catch a Predators game or an arena show and walk home after. Nissan Stadium is a scenic sixteen-minute walk across the river. When the group wants to range farther, it's a quick drive to Music City Center, The Gulch, Germantown, and Music Row, about eight minutes to Vanderbilt and Centennial Park's full-scale Parthenon, ten to the boutiques and cafes of 12 South, and under twenty to the Grand Ole Opry.

A few honest notes: you're truly in the heart of downtown, so expect the soundtrack of a city that never quite sits still, with music from nearby bars drifting up at night and plenty of street energy. You booked a front-row seat to the action, not a quiet corner of it. Paid parking is available in nearby lots and along the street.

Wedding crews, milestone birthdays, offsites, reunions, bachelor and bachelorette weekends: whatever brings everyone to town, The Saddlery keeps the group close without piling anyone onto an air mattress. It's where the trip starts, and where it always ends up again before the night's over.

Please note: Photos are representative of the property's quality and style. Individual units may vary slightly in layout, decor, and aesthetic details.

AvantStay provides an upscale experience with services that elevate your stay and save time so you can enjoy every moment. Guests have access to a 24/7 support team and a tech-enabled concierge to book services, such as fridge stocking, mid-stay cleanings, and private chefs. For anything you need (or never knew you needed), we're at your service!

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay Style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- You're staying in the middle of it all, which is the best and most honest thing we can tell you about this location. Broadway's bars, restaurants, live music, sirens, and the occasional construction crew are all part of the downtown soundtrack, and some of it carries — especially on weekend nights. We provide room-darkening shades to help, but light sleepers may want to pack earplugs or a white noise app. If you came to be steps from the action, you'll love it here; if you're after total quiet, this may not be the right fit.
- There's no washer or dryer in the unit, but a laundromat is located nearby for anyone who needs to freshen up a few things during a longer stay.
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.

Parking Details:
- Paid parking lots are nearby. 
- Paid street parking is available.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $300 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6914 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting