URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1652608891249351954
Latitude: 36.1543
Longitude: -86.764
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 6
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
⭐ STAY A WEEK & SAVE! 25% off 7+ night bookings.

⭐ Experience the pulse of Nashville in this stunning 2nd-floor condo featuring a unique glass garage door that completely opens the space to an oversized, private balcony!
⭐ Sleeps 8 under a mile from Broadway's legendary Honky Tonks and iconic downtown attractions.
⚡ Skip the crowded bars and catch the sunset from the building's rooftop lounge, or squeeze in a quick workout in the fully maintained fitness room.

The space
Welcome to The Muse-ic City Suite—your stylish, industrial-chic Nashville hub designed specifically for groups, bachelorettes, and family getaways! This bright, modern condo perfectly blends social entertaining spaces with an efficient, highly comfortable layout so everyone in your party can relax and recharge.

The moment you walk in, you'll be greeted by custom artistic wallpaper and decor that pays homage to Nashville's rich musical history.

💥 The Ultimate Indoor-Outdoor Vibe

The living space features our signature glass garage door wall. Roll it completely up to let the outside in, seamlessly expanding your indoor lounge onto an oversized private balcony overlooking the street. It’s the ultimate photogenic spot for sipping drinks, catching a cool breeze, and pre-gaming before hitting the town.

🛏️ Bedrooms & All-Bed Configuration
No sleeping on awkward pull-out couches here. We have optimized every square inch of our space so your entire group can sleep comfortably and enjoy their own space:

🛏️ Master Bedroom: Private retreat featuring a plush King Bed, room-darkening shades, and plenty of storage.
🛏️ Second Bedroom: Ideal for groups, featuring Two Queen Beds, blackout shades, and bedside lamps with built-in wireless phone chargers.
🛏️ Living Room Space: Two custom, built-in twin bunk beds seamlessly integrated into the room's efficient design for flexible overflow sleeping. We swapped in-unit laundry for this custom bunk cozy nook, maximizing space for your group!
🚿 Two Full Bathrooms: Avoid the morning bathroom logjam! Enjoy two full, elegantly finished bathrooms stocked with complimentary shampoo, conditioner, body wash, hair dryers, and plenty of extra towels. 

🍳 Kitchen & Dining

✅ Fully stocked with stainless steel appliances including a refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, and dishwasher.
✅ Massive central island with barstool seating—the perfect social focal point for breakfast or mixing evening cocktails.
✅ Fully loaded with a Keurig coffee maker, hot water kettle, toaster, blender, wine glasses, and all essential cookware/silverware.
✅ Paid commercial washers and dryers are available right by the first floor elevator entrance ($8 per load).

💬 What Our Guests Are Saying:"Everyone had their own bed to sleep in. The space was designed well and very efficient. The garage door and large patio were a very cool touch." — Nathan

Guest access
During your stay, you will have exclusive, private access to the entire condo and its oversized balcony. You will also have full access to the building's excellent shared community spaces and conveniences:

🔑 Keyless Self-Check-In: Effortless arrival via a secure building entrance and electronic lock with your unique private entry code.
🌅 5th-Floor Rooftop Lounge: Access the wonderful community rooftop terrace—the perfect spot to relax in the sun and watch the sunset before heading out for the night.
💪 1st-Floor Gym: Full access to the clean, fully maintained exercise room located near the building entrance.
🛡️ Building Convenience: Full elevator access makes coming and going with luggage incredibly easy, and a reassuring night security guard is on duty in the lobby.
🚗 Parking Options: You have access to free on-street parking right around the building, as well as a secure pay-to-park garage located directly underneath the complex that offers discounted rates for staying guests.

Other things to note
🗺️ The Location & Downtown Access
Leave the car behind! Positioned perfectly on Lindsley Avenue, you are entirely connected to Nashville's world-class entertainment core:

🚶 Broadway Honky-Tonks: A straightforward 15-20 minute walk (0.9 miles) straight to iconic spots like the Hard Rock Cafe and celebrity bars.
🏟️ Nissan Stadium & Bridgestone Arena: Close by for effortless access to Titans games, concerts, and major events.
🎷 Music History: Moments away from the Country Music Hall of Fame, the Johnny Cash Museum, and the Schermerhorn Symphony Center.

💰 Stay a Week & Save Details
Planning an extended trip to Music City? Our 7+ night discounts are applied automatically at booking: enjoy a 20% discount during the off-season and a 10% discount during peak season to maximize your vacation budget.

🔌 Thoughtful Extras
We love adding little touches to make your travel seamless—including backup phone chargers available in the condo just in case you forgot yours.

If you have any questions leading up to or during your stay, Renee and I are highly responsive and just a message away. Book your stay at The Muse-ic City Suite today and get ready to experience Nashville in style!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brian
Host User ID: 754262694
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/754262694
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English
Lives in Franklin, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 months hosting
15 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
5 months of hosting