Nestled on 65 Acres, surrounded by forest, this truly unique & family-friendly place is yours to enjoy & yet just 20 mins from Broadway!

The magic of Mother Nature is all around you. 40 yrs of personal details adorn this cozy cabin in the woods. The original owner's finger prints are everywhere you look, from hand carved staircases to hand kilned tile & ceramic walls/floors!
This farmhouse will be the 1st of several homes we hope to have guests enjoy our Rock Ridge Retreat.

The space
Welcome to the farm house at Rock Ridge Retreat.

What’s magical about this incredible property is not just the forest and nature all around you, but the home itself is simply teeming with love and personal affection. Just like most cabins in the woods, it comes with its squeaks and rustic aesthetics, but what is truly remarkable is the hand-built touches you will see displayed throughout… The original owners were a loving couple comprised of a carpenter and an artist who specialized in pottery who lived here for almost 40 yrs. You will see their finger prints everywhere you look, from hand carved staircases to hand kilned tile and ceramic walls/floors!

Despite not being an overly large home, we do feature 4 bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms and can accommodate groups of up to 14 guests.
3 of the bedrooms are located up the hand carved spiral staircase and they share the use of 2 full bathrooms. The master suite includes a king sized bed and has direct bathroom access. Both secondary bedrooms on this floor contain queen size beds.
Downstairs you will find a cozy living room that has a pull out queen size sleeper sofa if needed. This living room opens into the fully equipped kitchen which in-turn is directly adjacent to 2 dining areas and a glass sunroom. There are plenty of places to sit and enjoy a meal together or watch the plethora of wildlife that has a habit of simply strolling through the woods right outside your windows!
Up another short staircase is our 4th bedroom which also has it’s own private entrance. This room is set up great for kids and we fondly refer to it as ‘the bunk room’. This bedroom includes a full bed and 4 twin sized beds in bunk formation and can sleep upto 6 kids comfortably. It also has its own newly renovated en-suite bathroom. Close the door to this room and the kids can make as much noise as they like!

Designed to accommodate family adventures, we have taken the time to provide several games, puzzles, toys, stuffed animals and even a large box of legos to keep kids occupied for hours.

In addition to a decent sized pantry and plenty of cabinet space to store groceries, we have a stackable washer/dryer to allow washing of towels and clothes during your stay.

We do want to let all guests know that despite us having almost 66 acres, we do prohibit any guests from hunting on the premises for the safety of others and deer trails are naturally overgrown from spring-fall so it's not navigable during these seasons. Once the leaves drop towards winter time, the woods are much more open but they are still very steep in places. A waterfall does nestle down in the valley and we will endeavor to provide a recommended way to reach it in the winter, but know that this is a strenuous hike and shouldn't be attempted by young children, elderly or anyone suffering from ailments or pregnant. Please enjoy the immediate areas around the farm house if you have to take your dogs out for a walk. Please keep them on a leash and clean up any mess after you.

Lastly, there are two buildings located either side of the farmhouse that will be renovated to provide additional accommodations within our woodland retreat once completed. As we know that renovations can be noisy at times, we have not only requested that our contractors keep the noise level to a minimum and refrain from working on weekends, but we have decided that the pricing we set for the farmhouse during this time-period is reduced from what the standard rates will be going forward in the future. All pricing you see listed has already taken that reduction into account. If you feel that having some renovations going on at adjacent buildings during your stay is not what you and your group are seeking, then we encourage you to not book with us at this time and consider booking with us in the future once everything is completed!

Thank you for your understanding.

Guest access
The whole farm house is yours to enjoy. When additional buildings are on the property, then know that there will be neighbors who will also enjoy the use of the woods.

Other things to note
Hunting is prohibited. Please do not access the secondary buildings either side of the main farm house as they are not for trespassing.