URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1387660764601545673
Latitude: 36.13439864162598
Longitude: -86.77651858345486
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
When you do Nashville, do it To the Nines! Designed to capture the essence of Music City and place you right in the middle of everything. Each bedroom is created to feel like an individual retreat, with a stylish and open gathering place in the center to bring everyone together. 

The home is nestled in the vibrant WeHo neighborhood, offering a prime location centered between Broadway, The Gulch, 12 South, Belmont, and Music Row. This centrally located home is the perfect spot for your stay!

The space
When you are home you want to be home, when you want to travel you are looking for an experience other than being home. Many Short Term Rentals are setup to make a quick buck and focus on profit over hospitality. We create our homes to create experiences and memories focusing on hospitality.  Our goal is to create an environment all would want to return to again and again. Don't settle for a home that is just 4 walls and a place to sleep. 

This property is designed to cater to the visitors who want to embrace the Nashville experience, while getting the vacation difference they are looking for. When you go on vacation with friends or family most places are setup to have a "main' bedroom while everyone else is left scrambling for second best. This home is setup with 3 main bedrooms, each with its own ensuite bathroom and custom designed rainfall shower in order to give a primary experience for an individual or a couple. 

As you enter the home, you'll have access to the first bedroom which has a King bed with storage drawers on the sides and plenty of closet space.  Great for those that want easy in and out access and/or want to spend less time going up and down stairs. Decorated in a western speakeasy theme with a 50" TV, multi zone lighting and charging built into the nightstands and lamps. 

The second floor features a bright, open-concept living space with a dedicated workspace, a fully stocked kitchen and coffee bar, a 70" TV, two couches, a dining space, countertop seating and access to a private deck—perfect for sipping coffee or unwinding in the evening. On this level you'll feel the heart of Nashville with art work embracing music, Broadway and Tennessee whiskey heritage. Multiple seating spaces for all to come together and gather on this level. 

The third floor houses the laundry area as well as the upper two bedrooms. The first of which at the top of the stairs is fun and vibrant decorated with the Nashville skyline and a steampunk music vibe. The bathroom follows the trend with light and bright subway tile floor to ceiling in the shower with fun pops of color. The other bedroom across the hall is more of a moody sophisticated theme with hints of modern/retro trends giving a more relaxed and sultry theme. The bathroom follows with a bold stylish hex/chracoal tile design.  Both of the third level bedrooms have King beds with charging station built in to the headboard, 55" TV's, and walk-in closets with dressers for storage.

Fast WiFi, smart TVs, and self check-in make your stay seamless. Whether you're here for an event or soaking in the Nashville vibe, looking to create an adventure or get away, this townhouse has everything you need for a comfortable, stylish stay. We are experienced short term rental hosts looking to create a wonderful stay for all guests. 

Getting Here:
A short 15 minute ride from the airport, located on the south side of Nashville. For those driving in, enjoy the convenience of a two-car garage plus an additional driveway space, making parking a breeze. Getting dropped off is convenient and easy to access this end unit townhome. Keyless entry and a garage door opener are provide for those driving. 

Permit #2025009271

The Area: To the Nines is located in WeHo (short for Wedgewood-Houston) is one of Nashville’s coolest up-and-coming spots.

Just a few minutes from downtown, it’s packed with personality—think converted warehouses turned art galleries, chill coffee shops, local breweries, and tons of creative energy. 

A short Uber/Lyft rides to wherever you want to go or many restaurants/shops in walking distance right in WeHo. Here are some local amenities and the distance from each:
▪️ 1 Miles to Geodis Park 
▪️ 1 Miles to Belmont University
▪️ 1.3 Miles to 12 South
▪️ 1.5 Miles to The Gulch
▪️ 1.7 Miles to Music Row
▪️ 1.7 Miles to Vanderbilt University 
▪️ 1.8 Miles to Country Music Hall of Fame
▪️ 1.9 Miles to Broadway
▪️ 2 Miles to Bridgestone Arena
▪️ 2.1 Miles to Ryman Auditorium
▪️ 2.5 Miles to Nissan Stadium
▪️ 2.8 Miles to Centennial Park
▪️ 3.3 Miles to Germantown
▪️ 3.9 Miles to The Mall at Green Hills
▪️ 10 Miles to Grand Ole Opry

Grocery 
▪️ 0.8 Miles to Publix
▪️ 1.4 Miles to Kroger

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire house, 2 garage parking spaces and 1 driveway parking space.  Guests can use the washer, dryer, a steamer, iron and ironing board. 

There's 1 storage closet in the garage and 1 storage closet near the powder bath that will be locked so no guest access. Guests shall not access the attic.

Other things to note
This unit is designed in a typical vertical Nashville layout and is 3 levels and as such requires the use of stairs. Guests that are physically limited or not wanting to traverse stairs we kindly suggest looking for better suited accommodations. 

The 3 bathrooms have walk-in showers, there's no bathtub in the home.

TV channels are accessible via the LG Channels app which is already downloaded and installed on each TV. Please use your own accounts for any streaming services on the 4 TV's. Please ensure to log out of those accounts when you checkout.

The Nines is a small group of 13 town homes, with a mixture of owners and short term guests. Please be respectful of others trying to enjoy their stays or live in their homes. Quiet hours are from 9pm to 9am.

Minimum Primary guest age is 25

Registration Details
Permit #2025009271

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sophia
Host User ID: 471733795
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/471733795
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I'm a family-first kind of person - my loved ones are always my top priority. When I'm not spending time with them,  you'll likely catch me out running, exploring new places (I absolutely love to travel), or spending time with our dogs. As a Realtor and real estate investor, I'm deeply passionate about properties.  I self-manage our rentals and love helping others find their dream homes too.
My work: Realtor
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
90 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting