URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1729284714022774576
Latitude: 36.1939
Longitude: -86.76252
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Lischey & The Stage, two neighboring 3-story East Nashville townhomes made for groups who want space to spread out while staying close together. With 8 bedrooms, room for 16 guests, modern kitchens, bright living areas, desk vanities, and covered balconies, this is an easy home base for music weekends, weddings, and city trips.

🏡 Two side-by-side townhomes
🛏️ 8 bedrooms with space for 16
📍 Near East Nashville, Broadway & downtown

The space
Lischey & The Stage gives groups room to spread out without losing the feeling of staying together. Made up of two neighboring 3-story townhomes, this Nashville stay offers 8 bedrooms, space for 16 guests, and a polished home base for music weekends, family trips, wedding groups, and nights out in the city.

Inside each townhome, bright open living spaces set an easy tone with tall windows, plush sectionals, smart TVs, and modern design touched with Nashville personality. The kitchens are sleek and group-ready, with large islands, barstool seating, stainless steel appliances, and everything needed for casual breakfasts, pre-concert snacks, or laid-back dinners before heading out. Each home also includes a desk vanity, giving guests a flexible spot to catch up on emails, get ready for the night, or settle into a quiet corner between plans.

The sleeping layout keeps group travel comfortable. Each townhome includes four bedrooms: a primary suite with a king bed, TV, and ensuite bathroom; two second-floor guest rooms, one with a king and one with a queen; and a fourth bedroom with a built-in bunk bed and its own ensuite bathroom. Across both homes, guests have plenty of space to recharge while still staying close to the rest of the group.

Outdoor time comes easy on the covered balconies, where lounge seating creates a relaxed perch for morning coffee, late-night recaps, or a quiet break before the next Nashville plan. With two full homes side by side, groups can move between shared meals, downtime, and getting ready without feeling crowded.

Location-wise, Lischey & The Stage keeps Music City within easy reach. Set in East Nashville, you’re close to local coffee shops, restaurants, bars, and neighborhood favorites, with Germantown, Nissan Stadium, Broadway, and downtown music venues just a short drive or rideshare away. Spend the day exploring Nashville’s food, live music, and nightlife, then come back to bright modern spaces made for relaxing, regrouping, and doing it all again tomorrow.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips.

East Nashville is one of Nashville's oldest neighborhoods, located just across the Cumberland River. Known for its eclectic and artsy atmosphere, you'll find some of the city's best restaurants, live music venues, shopping, and easy access to Nissan Stadium. Bonus: all of the excitement of Broadway is just a 10-minute Uber drive away. Don't be surprised if you see one of your favorite musicians walking around this neighborhood, as many of them call it home!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home allows up to 2 pets for a fee; undisclosed pets brought without AvantStay’s approval may result in a $500 fine per pet.

Parking Details:
- Please make sure you park in the designated property parking locations only.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting