URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/50470801
Latitude: 36.15583
Longitude: -86.8177
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Live within a true work of art and indulge your FIVE senses when you book this stunning luxury rental, "The Six1five"!

Floor to ceiling wall designs of iconic Music City themed decor don this stunning 4 bedroom, and 4 bathroom home, making literally every corner of this space a conversation piece to muse about! This home’s sweeping modern architecture also features walls of glass, custom built-in closets, a massive rooftop terrace with downtown views and a garage game room.

The space
The space

Layout:
The first floor is comprised of a bedroom with a full bathroom attached. The bed arrangement has 2 twin beds and 2 pullout twin beds below. The second floor is comprised of the second bedroom, with 2 queen size beds, and a full bathroom attached. The third floor has a bedroom bunk set-up with two full size beds and a full bathroom is located in the hall to the left. The master bedroom complete with a king bed is down the hall with a full bathroom attached, featuring a shower with luxury rain fall head.

MANAGED AND DESIGNED BY @EXTREMLYSUITE

☆☆☆ LISTING MUST KNOWS ☆☆☆
★ 2 miles to Downtown Nashville
★ Towels and Linens provided
★ Washer/Dryer
★ Keurig Coffee machine
★ Fully stocked modern kitchen
★ State of the Art Appliances
★ 4 Bedrooms 4 Bathrooms 
★ 9 Beds
★ Large Open Concept Living Area
★ Large Rooftop deck with amazing views
★ Indoor Dining
★ Outdoor Lounge space
★ SMART 4k TVs with streaming capability in every bedroom and living room + cable
★ Smart Lock Keyless Entry
★Garage Parking available and free street parking
★Dedicated workspaces throughout the house
★Blazing fast internet
★Garage Game Room with Karaoke/Corn hole

Traveling doesn't mean having to eat out for every meal. We supply all of the kitchen necessities so you are able to cook or reheat leftovers easily! We have everything from pots and pans, and a Keurig coffee maker.

☆☆ 9 BEDS ☆☆
★ Bedroom 1  ....... 4 Single Beds
★ Bedroom 2 ....... 2 Queen Beds
★ Bedroom 3 .......  2 Double Beds
★ Bedroom 4  ....... 1 King Bed

INTERIOR DETAILS
Be sure to check out the detailed  property photos for more details about the room layout and bed configuration.

_
KITCHEN & DINING
The home features a gorgeous kitchen and a wide-open living room. For those who love to cook, this is a fully stocked chef's paradise.

_
BATHROOMS
Most of the bathrooms have single or double vanities and glass showers. Two of the bathrooms have soaking tubs should you be so inclined to take a bubble bath during your stay. We stock the bathrooms with plenty of bath and hand towels, washcloths, cosmetic towels, and floor mats to give you something nice and fluffy to step on when getting out of the shower. You'll also find hairdryers in each bathroom along with plenty of spa-quality shampoos, conditioners, and body wash.

_
BEDROOMS
Enjoy the cool comfort and support of our Gel-infused Green Tea Memory Foam mattresses and super soft, 480 thread count cotton sateen sheets, woven with a rich, lustrous finish.

Each bedroom is equipped with a Roku TV which gives you access to thousands of streaming channels such as Netflix, YouTube TV, Hulu, and Amazon Prime.

_
BOARD GAMES
You'll find board and card games scattered throughout the home like Uno, Catan, Cards Against Humanity, and more.

_
ROOFTOP TERRACE
On our rooftop, take in the skyline views of Downtown Nashville,  enjoy some chilled drinks in the cooler, test your skills at cornhole, and enjoy the luxurious outdoor furniture.

***No Parties or Events Allowed***

Use bunk beds at your own risk

Guest access
You will have access to the entire home.

Other things to note
NO PARTIES:
Only registered guests are allowed to use the house day and night. Please be considerate of our neighbors and keep the noise level down. If there are any reasonable noise complaints, you’ll be asked to leave the premises immediately with no refund.

_
OUTDOOR SECURITY CAMERAS
Outdoor cameras are located at the front and garage entrances of the home, and inside the garage. Cameras are capable of recording video and audio.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lisa
Host User ID: 300633585
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/300633585
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi there! I'm Lisa, I love to travel, try new things, explore new activities and meet new people. By day, I help to enlist, develop, and mobilize as many of our nation's most promising future leaders to grow and strengthen the movement for educational equity and excellence. By night, I am Supermom to four beautiful kids. Yes, it's cliché, but I love traveling, and we're always looking to plan our next epic road trip. I love Airbnb which means you'll get first-class service and quality, local recommendations. I am a well-traveled Airbnb guest. I know what a host should do to create a comfortable guest experience. 

 A few years ago I started a journey into the world of hosting and I had no idea the profound impact it would have on me, my family, and all the wonderful people I have the opportunity to host. After settling in with a couple properties of my own I started a company called Extremely Suite. Extremely Suite is a luxury hosting company that features elite properties across the country. This expansion has provided me with a lot of tools to help make your trip unforgettable. Things like custom digital HomeGuides, digital curated CityGuides, professional cleaning staff, and even top of the line of bed and bath products. To say you will get the VERY BEST attention known to the Airbnb community is not an exaggeration.

I offer self check-in at my property. I travel a lot, I totally understand wanting to feel that secure comfort and privacy of a hotel booking.  I send smart lock codes four days prior to arrival via automated massaging so you can always be on your own timeline.

I take great pride in my vacation home and enjoy staying there with my family several times a year. I make every effort to ensure my guests have a wonderful stay. My vacation home was decorated with affection and love by me and my team. I hope my guests make use of it with the greatest possible care and have a memorable experience. Feel free to book or message me first, I'm happy to answer any specific questions in advance. 

As you can tell, I add an enormous emphasis on catering to guests. That’s why I have a 0% cancelation rate since joining Airbnb.  This means, once you’re booked you can focus on planning a great trip with 100% confidence a superb and unique property will be awaiting your arrival.

After you book I’ll send the city and home guides to you. I'm a big fan of traveling and the experience that comes with it. I travel for food, it’s central to who I am and what motivates my curiosity into regions and cultures outside of my own. If you want to talk food or need some great recommendations, I’m always at the ready. 

I hope you’re excited for a great trip! Please reach out with ANY questions about the property or city.
My work: Education
Speaks English and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
765 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting