URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1469651496956262890
Latitude: 36.1655
Longitude: -86.83536
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Pop-Art Haus: A bold, colorful, & artistic retreat designed for those who love to play, relax, & experience Nashville in style! This 4-bdrm, 4-bath home blends speakeasy flair, vibrant artwork, & a game room into one unforgettable stay.

You're just steps from the trendy cafés, craft cocktails, & live music of The Nations, or just an 8 minute drive from the live music & neon lights of lower Broadway. But with a such a unique airbnb at your disposal, you may never want to leave!

The space
Enter a world of color, creativity, and entertainment! This 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom home is where modern design meets vintage speakeasy charm. With vibrant artwork, a game-filled lounge, and an inviting outdoor space featuring a private pool, a professional pickleball court, a hot tub, a fire pit bar, and more, this home is perfect for those looking to experience Nashville in style!

Thoughtfully Designed Layout

❖ First Floor: Houses the ultimate game room and speakeasy-inspired lounge.
❖ Second Floor: Open-concept living, kitchen, and dining area, plus a bedroom with an en-suite bathroom.
❖ Third Floor: Home to three additional bedrooms, each with its own private bathroom.

Unmatched Amenities

❖ Game Room: A dynamic space with a pool table, poker table with seating, and a smart TV—ideal for lively gatherings and endless entertainment with friends and family!

❖ Speakeasy Lounge: A one-of-a-kind, music-inspired space featuring a keyboard and acoustic guitar—ideal for jam sessions or relaxing with a cocktail.

❖ Living Room: A comfortable space with a smart TV, a sectional sofa, a chaise lounge, and additional seating, making it the ultimate spot to kick back and stream your favorite shows.

❖ Dining & Kitchen: An island-inspired dining table blends seamlessly with the kitchen, creating a stylish and inviting space. With seating for eight at the dining table and four additional stools at the kitchen island, there’s plenty of room for meals and conversation. The fully equipped kitchen features high-end appliances, cookware, and generous counter space—perfect for everything from casual breakfasts to gourmet dinners.

❖ The Ultimate Backyard Experience

⬖ Private Pool: A refreshing escape where you can lounge on comfortable chairs, soak up the sun, or take a dip in the crystal-clear waters.
⬖ Pickleball Court: Challenge your crew on a professional pickleball court—a rare feature that makes this stay stand out!
⬖ Outdoor TV & Seating: Kick back in a beautifully designed outdoor lounge while watching your favorite shows or catching the big game on a smart TV, all under the open sky.
⬖ Fire Pit Bar: Gather around the fire pit with a drink in hand, adding warmth and ambiance to your evenings.
⬖ Hot Tub: Sink into total relaxation as you unwind in the private hot tub after a day of exploring Nashville.
⬖ Ping Pong Table: Get the competition going with a lively game of ping pong, perfect for friendly matchups and endless fun in the fresh air.
⬖ Ample Seating: Designed for group gatherings, the backyard provides plenty of comfortable seating for conversations, dining, or simply enjoying the atmosphere.

Bedroom and Bathroom Details

⬖ Bedroom 1 (Second Floor): A stylish retreat featuring a king bed, eye-catching artwork, and a smart TV. The private en-suite bathroom with a walk-in shower is simple yet modern, with gold accents that add a touch of elegance.

⬖ Bedroom 2 (Third Floor): A serene and sophisticated space with a king bed, warm lighting, and a smart TV. The en-suite bathroom features modern fixtures and a walk-in shower for a refreshing start to the day.

⬖ Bedroom 3 (Third Floor): Designed with both comfort and functionality in mind, this room features two queen beds, a desk, and a chair—ideal for work or planning your Nashville adventures. The private bathroom includes a standing shower and double sinks for added convenience.

⬖ Bedroom 4 (Third Floor): A playful yet practical space, this bunk room includes a queen-over-queen bunk bed, a desk, and a private bath with a standing shower. Perfect for group stays, it offers a comfortable and stylish setting for guests of all ages.

Fantastic Location

⬖ Walking distance to The Nations, a trendy neighborhood filled with top-rated restaurants, breweries, and boutiques, such as Frothy Monkey, 51st Deli, Nicky’s Coal Fired, Maru Nations, and Southern Grist Brewing Co, to name a few.
⬖ Nearby parks and green spaces, including England Park.
⬖ A short 10-minute drive to Downtown Nashville, where you can explore Broadway, live music venues, and iconic attractions.

A vibrant fusion of bold design and high-end amenities, this Pop Art-inspired getaway is the ultimate home base in Nashville! Whether you're here to celebrate in style or unwind in a space bursting with creativity, this distinctive home promises an unforgettable experience. 
Don't miss out—book now and make Music City your own colorful stay!

Guest access
During your stay, you'll have exclusive access to the entire home, including the expansive backyard, ensuring both privacy and a luxurious experience. From the moment you arrive, the space is yours to enjoy—whether you're relaxing in the peaceful ambiance or making memories with those closest to you. With no shared spaces, you can unwind in comfort and embrace the ultimate getaway!

Other things to note
ATTENTION LOCAL GUESTS: All locals must send an 'inquiry' first using the 'Message Host' option on the booking page to state the purpose of your visit, so we can check to see if we would be able to accommodate your stay; otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel any confirmed reservation made without our approval.

The heated pool fee is $100/night. The pool can be heated to about 20-25 degrees above the ambient temperature; please keep in mind that when the weather is cooler may not be as warm as you might expect. For example, if the ambient nightly temperature is only 55 degrees, then the pool might heat up to 75-80 degrees. We recommend that the pool be heated in the months between October to May each year. We require at least a 3-day notice before your arrival if you'd like the pool heated. The pool must be heated for the entirety of your stay.

Every Wednesday, the pool and spa company does come by the home to check the levels on the pool and spa and to clean and treat them. They typically come around 11am and won’t disturb you other than needing to access the back yard.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4599 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting