URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1720446494714110064
Latitude: 36.13562
Longitude: -86.8032
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Belcourt by AvantStay! Tucked into the heart of Hillsboro Village, this bright studio pairs easy Nashville charm with a location that keeps the city's best just outside the door.

🍳 Steps from Pancake Pantry, Biscuit Love & the boutiques of the village
🎶 Minutes to Music Row, Vanderbilt & downtown Broadway
☕ Shared terrace + full kitchen made for laid-back stays

The space
There's a corner of Nashville where the city eases up just enough to enjoy it, and Belcourt sits right in the middle of it. This studio puts you in the heart of Hillsboro Village—a walkable pocket of tree-lined streets, indie bookshops, and coffee spots that locals actually frequent, minutes from Music Row, Vanderbilt University, and Belmont University, with downtown a short drive away when you're ready for it.

Inside, the space is designed to feel bright and easy from the moment you walk in. Warm wood accents and curated artwork lend a polished, lived-in warmth, while the open layout keeps everything within reach. A comfortable queen bed anchors the room, and a sleeper sofa opens up when you've got extra company—together they sleep up to four. The fully equipped kitchen has what you need to pull together a quick breakfast, a proper dinner, or a late-night bite after a night out, and in-unit laundry means you can pack light and settle in for a while.

Step outside and there's plenty within a few blocks. Pancake Pantry, the beloved Nashville breakfast institution, is just around the corner, and Biscuit Love is a short stroll away for weekend brunch. Spend an afternoon browsing the boutiques and cafés along the village streets, catch an indie film at the historic Belcourt Theatre, or wander the grounds of nearby Belmont Mansion. When you're in the mood for live music and honky-tonks, Broadway and downtown Nashville are less than a 15-minute drive away.

Back at the building, a shared outdoor terrace offers a laid-back spot to linger over morning coffee or wind down in the evening, and elevator access keeps arrivals and departures effortless. Air conditioning and heating keep the studio comfortable whatever the season.

Compact, stylish, and hard to beat on location, this Belcourt studio makes an easy home base—for a weekend of music, a campus visit, or a longer stay where the best of the city is always just outside the door.

While all units provide the same great amenities and overall experience, each space has its own unique layout and décor. Some units include balconies while others do not, and the exact unit you receive may vary slightly from the photos.

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- There is no private outdoor space included with the unit.

Parking Details:

• Paid parking is available in the garage beneath the building. No in-and-out privileges—re-entry requires a new parking fee.
• Street parking is first-come, first-served, and guests must obey all parking meters and posted signs.

Registration Details
2020016545

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Belcourt By AvantStay
Host User ID: 1710426421481330911
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1710426421481330911
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks German, English, Spanish, French, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 months hosting
74 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
2 months of hosting