URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/19519302
Latitude: 36.20349
Longitude: -86.74201
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the Best of Music City in Style!

Welcome to our modern, three-story home in East Nashville—just minutes from downtown and surrounded by some of the city’s trendiest spots. With high-end finishes, oversized windows that fill the space with natural light, and a private rooftop deck offering stunning skyline views, this home is the perfect place to relax, recharge, and soak in everything Nashville has to offer.

The space
Modern 3-Story Townhouse with Rooftop Views in East Nashville!

Welcome to our stunning, modern townhouse in the vibrant heart of East Nashville—perfect for families, friends, or business travelers looking to experience the best of Music City.

This spacious 3-story home offers 1,871 square feet of air-conditioned comfort, thoughtfully designed to give everyone space to relax. The layout includes:
	•	First Floor: Open-concept living and dining area with beautiful stained concrete floors, a 55” 4K HDTV, convenient half bath, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring granite countertops and ample seating—perfect for gatherings or game nights.
	•	Second Floor: All hardwood floors with 2 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms. The master suite includes a luxurious king-size bed, walk-in closet, and spa-like private bath. The guest bedroom has a queen-size bed and its own private bath with a relaxing tub. Both rooms feature their own HDTVs (55” in the master, 39” in the guest).
	•	Third Floor: Bonus living room with hardwood floors, panoramic windows, a 70” 4K HDTV, and a PS4 with games—ideal for lounging, gaming, or extra sleeping space. This floor also has a half bath and opens to a 300-square-foot private rooftop deck with breathtaking skyline views and a grill for unforgettable evenings under the stars.

Additional Sleeping Options:
	•	Queen Sleeper Sofa with Memory Foam
	•	Queen Self-Inflating Air Mattress
	•	Full-Sized Tri-Fold Memory Foam Mattress

Location Perks:
Just 3 miles from Lower Broadway, you’re less than 10 minutes from the city’s famous Honky Tonks, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, and Nashville’s hottest restaurants, bars, and boutiques in East Nashville.

Amenities Include:
	•	Free Wi-Fi
         *       Free parking included
	•	High-quality linens and towels
	•	Complimentary toiletries
	•	Washer and dryer
	•	Fully stocked kitchen

We pride ourselves on providing a high-quality, welcoming experience for our guests. Whether you’re visiting for business, leisure, or both—this is your perfect home base in Nashville.

Note: To ensure the best experience for out-of-town visitors, we currently do not accept local bookings.

Book now and make unforgettable memories in Music City!

Guest access
This property rents out the entire house so you will have access to all three stories!

Other things to note
Noise complaints are taken very seriously here. One would need to be extremely loud for prolonged period of times, especially at night, to lead to a noise complaint but these townhouses are connected to each other. As long as you are respectful of the property and neighbors there should be no problem. 

I apologize but we do not rent to locals.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Aaron
Host User ID: 123662791
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/123662791
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to my slice of paradise! I'm Aaron, your dedicated Superhost with a passion for creating unforgettable experiences in my 3 beautiful properties. After living on a boat for 5 years and settling down with my amazing wife, I’ve found joy in hosting guests from all corners of the globe. Whether it's the warm sun of the Dominican Republic or the vibrant shores of Pensacola, I'm here to make your stay exceptional. Let’s make memories together!
Born in the 80s
My work: Valve Automation
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
226 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting