URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1734407400162036279
Latitude: 36.15196422110896
Longitude: -86.77769161474421
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 9
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Bring the whole group together in this rare Hyve combo featuring two stylish penthouse-style condos in the same building. With 6 bedrooms, 6.5 bathrooms, multiple balconies, spacious living areas, skyline views, and room for up to 19 guests, this setup is ideal for family gatherings, friend trips, corporate stays, conference groups, and respectful celebrations in Nashville. Enjoy the comfort of having two separate homes while staying close together, giving everyone more space, privacy, and flexi

The space
Located on the edge of Downtown Nashville and The Gulch, Hyve keeps you close to Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, Music City Center, SoBro, Midtown dining, bars, live music, and the best of Music City. Guests also enjoy access to Hyve’s shared amenities, including the seasonal outdoor pool, fitness center, outdoor lounge areas, secure building access, on-site concierge/security, and convenient luggage drop-off.

This combo includes two beautifully designed Hyve condos, giving your group the best of both worlds: shared time together and private space when needed.

Hyve 604 features a bright two-level layout with 3 bedrooms, 3.5 bathrooms, a spacious main living area, modern kitchen, dining space, private balcony, and pool views. Sleeping arrangements include one king bedroom, one bedroom with two queen beds, and an upstairs loft-style bedroom with two queen beds. It is a great fit for guests who want extra room to spread out, work remotely, or relax between Nashville outings.

Hyve 609 adds another stylish two-story penthouse-style condo with 3 bedrooms, 3 full bathrooms, four queen beds, two balconies, skyline views, an open living area, fully equipped kitchen, and a loft-style upper retreat. Its wraparound balcony and floor-to-ceiling views create an elevated hangout space for morning coffee, golden hour, or winding down after a night out.

Together, the two condos offer 6 bedrooms, 9 beds, 6.5 bathrooms, two kitchens, multiple living spaces, and several balcony areas. This layout works especially well for larger groups who want to stay in one building without feeling crowded. You can gather for meals, planning, or pre-event time, then split into separate spaces for rest, privacy, or quieter mornings.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements Unit 604
Bedroom 1: 1 King Bed
Bedroom 2: 2 Queen Beds
Bedroom 3 / Upstairs Loft: 2 Queen Beds

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements Unit 609
Bedroom 1: 1 Queen Bed
Bedroom 2: 2 Queen Beds
Bedroom 3 / Upper Level Loft: 1 Queen Bed

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, and laundry and dishwasher pods.

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

📍 About Hyve
Hyve is a modern condo community on the edge of Downtown Nashville and The Gulch, situated in an urban setting across from a local Christian rescue mission. Enjoy amazing amenities:
★ Seasonal outdoor pool with cabanas
★ Fitness center open 24/7
★ Outdoor lounge spaces, gas grill, fire pits, ping pong
★ Secure on-site parking, and on-site security and concierge.
★ Complimentary luggage drop-off
★ On-site market offering a coffee station, ice, and convenient vending machines.

★★ Exclusive Hyve Guest Perks★★
As a guest at Hyve, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Hyve’s partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Check-in is simple with smart locks. Before your arrival, we’ll send detailed instructions with your door codes, directions to the unit, and any access info for shared amenities or parking. Please review these notes ahead of time to ensure a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
We prioritize seamless, responsive communication throughout your stay. The best way to reach our team is through your booking platform, where messages are monitored and responded to promptly.

Our team is available via message or phone daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to assist with any questions, recommendations, or concerns.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
My work: Humming Host’s CEO
Most useless skill: I can juggle
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2658 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting