URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/811554731268923652
Latitude: 36.17569
Longitude: -86.75801
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a centrally located three-bedroom, three-bathroom condo in East Nashville with city views and access to a shared rooftop terrace. The home sleeps six with one queen bed in each bedroom and includes central air conditioning, a full kitchen, Wi-Fi, and comfortable gathering space. Downtown Nashville, dining, and neighborhood favorites are a short trip away.

The space
Welcome to your Nashville home base. This modern condo gives your group plenty of room to relax, gather, and head out with ease. Set along Main Street, Jolene on Main 406 offers a convenient home base for exploring neighborhood restaurants, local nightlife, live music, and the attractions of Downtown Nashville. 

| ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ Guests Reviews ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ |

❛❛ Great place! Would definitely stay here again. We traveled with two other couples and everyone was very happy with their private and shared space! ❜❜ (John)

❛❛ This was a great condo with covered and secure parking.  The unit was clean when we arrived and was exactly as described on the site.  We'll be back to this one again. ❜❜ (Jared)

❛❛ Would definitely stay here again! There are tons of coffee shops and breakfast places within 1-2 blocks and it was very close to Nissan Stadium and downtown without being too busy/loud! We went for a girls trip so it also felt super safe and nicely decorated which was a plus! ❜❜ (Haley)

| 💖 💖 💖 What You'll love 💖 💖 💖 |

・ 3-bedroom, 3-bathroom condo with skyline views and a shared rooftop terrace
・ Open living area with a large sectional, TV, and big windows
・ Full kitchen with island, dining table, stainless steel appliances, and cooking essentials
・ Central air conditioning, ceiling fan, heating, and Wi-Fi
・ Self check-in with private entrance and smart lock
・ Free parking on premises and free street parking
・ Elevator access and single-level layout

LIVING ROOM
Inside, the condo combines modern design with a comfortable, inviting atmosphere. 

▷ Big sliding windows bring in natural light and city views
▷ Large sectional seating faces the TV for easy downtime
▷ Glass coffee table, accent chair, and open flow into the kitchen

KITCHEN & DINING
▷ Kitchen island adds prep space and casual seating
▷ Dining table for shared meals, plus kettle, blender, toaster, coffee maker, wine glasses, dishes, and silverware
▷ Full kitchen with stainless steel appliances, including an oven, dishwasher, microwave, refrigerator, stove, and freezer

3 BEDROOMS, Sleeps 8
▷ Bedroom 1・Features a queen bed, soft bedding, and a bright windowed layout
▷ Bedroom 2・Offers a queen bed, bedside lamps, and a clean modern finish
▷ Bedroom 3・Includes a queen bed and colorful decor with a sunny window

BATHROOMS
▷ Three bathrooms give your group added convenience
▷ One bathroom features a pink-tiled walk-in shower
▷ Fresh towels, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, hot water, and a hair dryer are provided

OUTDOOR SPACE
After a day of sightseeing, dining, or enjoying Nashville's famous entertainment scene, head upstairs to the shared rooftop deck. Take in the surrounding skyline, enjoy the open air, and watch the city come alive from above.

| ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ Nearby Favorites ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ |
▷ 1.1 miles to Nissan Stadium for games and events
▷ 1.9 miles to Brooklyn Bowl Nashville for live music and a night out
▷ 0.6 mile to Fatherland District for shopping and local stops
▷ 2 miles to Fort Nashborough for a quick look at local history
▷ 0.6 mile to Five Points Alley Shops for neighborhood shopping and dining

・ Cumberland River / Riverfront Park - 1.5 miles
・ Printer's Alley - 1.6 miles 
・ Musicians Hall of Fame - 1.6 miles
・ Ryman Auditorium - 1.9 miles 
・ Johnny Cash Museum - 1.9 miles
・ National Museum of African American Music - 1.9 miles
・ Bridgestone Arena - 2 miles
・ Broadway / Honky Tonk Highway - 2 miles 
・ Country Music Hall of Fame - 2.1 miles
・ Music City Center - 2.3 miles
・ Bicentennial Capitol Mall - 2.4 miles
・ Frist Art Museum - 2.6 miles 
・ Adventure Science Center - 3.3 miles
・ Vanderbilt University - 3.7 miles
・ Centennial Park - 4 miles
・ The Parthenon - 4.2 miles
・ Music Row - 4.4. miles
・ Belmont Mansion - 5.6 miles
・ Nashville Zoo - 9.4 miles
・ Gaylord Opryland - 9.4 miles
・ Belle Meade Historic Site - 11 miles
・ Opry Mills - 11.1 miles
・ Grand Ole Opry - 11.4 miles
・ Cheekwood Estate & Gardens - 13.2 miles
・ Andrew Jackson's Hermitage - 15.3 miles
・ Percy Warner Park - 18.3 miles

We’d love to host you, come enjoy a comfortable stay with easy access to the best of Nashville.

Guest access
As our guest, you'll have full access to the entire property, except for a few areas reserved for house supplies.

Other things to note
| ▼ Things to Know |

☑︎ Check-in time: 4:00 PM
☑︎ Check-out time: 10:00 AM
☑︎ Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM - 8:00 AM
☑︎ All guests shall abide good neighbor policy and shall not engage in illegal activity.
☑︎ NO smoking is permitted anywhere on the premises.
☑︎ Streaming services available with guests’ own account(s)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Casago Middle Tennessee 1⁩
Host User ID: 134126657
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/134126657
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Casago Middle Tennessee

A franchise partner of Casago- Our Team are local owners who manage properties like they are our own- with pride, care and efficiency.
Speaks Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish
Lives in Sevierville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
16768 reviews
4.51 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting