URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/623980978998472385
Latitude: 36.1467
Longitude: -86.7856
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Downtown Dolly, your premier Nashville retreat where luxury meets city excitement! Soak in the rooftop hot tub with stunning skyline views, unwind by the fire pit, or fire up the grill & enjoy alfresco dining under the stars. Inside, enjoy designer living spaces, a chef-ready kitchen, & a private elevator. Just minutes from The Gulch for rooftop bars and upscale dining, Music Row to explore legendary studios and live shows, and Broadway for iconic honky-tonks and unforgettable nights.

The space
⭐ Amenities:
- 11-minute stroll to The Gulch and Music Row, where stylish bars, buzzing nightlife, and live music set the perfect soundtrack for your stay
- Only 3 minutes from Broadway, the iconic heart of Nashville, alive with neon lights, honky-tonks, and endless entertainment
- Rooftop patio with a private hot tub and jaw-dropping downtown views, perfect for sunset cocktails or a night under the stars
- Fire pit lounge with plush seating — gather with friends for cocktails, stargazing, or unforgettable evening conversations
- BBQ grill and outdoor dining area designed for lively alfresco dinners and fun-filled gatherings with a skyline backdrop
- Open-concept living area with curated designer furnishings and a Smart TV, combining style and comfort for both entertaining and unwinding
- Fully equipped chef’s kitchen with modern appliances and indoor dining, perfect for gourmet meals, cocktails, or casual bites with friends
- Private elevator giving you effortless access between floors, adding an exclusive, hotel-style touch
- In-unit washer & dryer for ultimate convenience

🛋️ Living Area (2nd Floor):
- Spacious open-floor living area with room to entertain, unwind, or toast to a night out in style
- Plush, designer-inspired furnishings that invite you to sink in, lounge with a cocktail, or relax after exploring the city
- Smart TV for cinematic movie nights, streaming your favorite shows, or catching the big game
- Coffee table perfect for morning coffee, evening cocktails, or casual gatherings

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining (2nd Floor):
- Fully equipped chef’s kitchen with stainless steel appliances for crafting gourmet meals, creative cocktails, or indulgent brunch spreads with friends
- Fridge, dishwasher, oven, 6-burner stove, microwave & toaster—everything you need to whip up anything from a quick snack to a full feast
- Kitchen island with bar seating for 4, perfect for lively chats, casual bites, or enjoying cocktails
- Dining area for 8, designed for elegant dinners or fun-filled gatherings
- Keurig & drip coffee makers with coffee, fueling your mornings!
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom (2nd Floor): King bed with a smart TV, work station and an en-suite bathroom
- 2nd Bedroom (1st Floor): King bed with a smart TV and an en-suite bathroom
- 3rd Bedroom (3rd Floor): King bed with a smart TV, en-suite bathroom, and access to the rooftop patio
- 4th Bedroom (3rd Floor): King bed with a smart TV and walk-in closet
*Additional Sleeping Arrangement: 1 complimentary air mattress

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom (2nd Floor): Dual vanity with a stand-in shower and walk-in closet
- 2nd Bathroom (1st Floor): Single vanity with a shower/tub combo and walk-in closet
- 3rd Bathroom (3rd Floor): Dual vanity with a stand-in shower and walk-in closet
- 4th Bathroom (3rd Floor): Dual vanity with a stand-in shower
- Half Bathroom (2nd Floor): Single vanity
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can

🚗 Parking:
- 2-car garage

Whether you’re soaking in the skyline from the rooftop hot tub, entertaining friends by the fire pit, or exploring the vibrant streets of Music City, Downtown Dolly offers the perfect blend of comfort, style, and excitement. Every detail is designed to make your Nashville getaway unforgettable, from luxurious living spaces to unbeatable city access.

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
5 min walk: STK
6 min walk: Sambuca
6 min walk: Sunda
6 min walk: Starbucks
7 min walk: Burger Republic
7 min walk: Emmy Squared Pizza
7 min walk: Carne Mare
8 min walk: Barista Parlor
8 min walk: Biscuit Love - Breakfast
9 min walk: UP - Rooftop Lounge
9 min walk: Superica
9 min walk: The Dutch
10 min walk: Peg Leg Porker BBQ
11 min walk: The Chef and I
11 min walk: Stock Barrel
11 min walk: Milk Honey
11 min walk: Music Row
11 min walk: The Gulch
12 min walk: Tacos 1989
13 min walk: RCA Studio
13 min walk: Kayne Prime Steakhouse
14 min walk: Adele s

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
3 mins: Broadway
3 mins: The Blue Room at Third Man Records
4 mins: Jeni s Splendid Ice Creams
4 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
4 mins: Belmont Mansion
4 mins: Bongo Java
4 mins: Music City Center
4 mins: 12 South
4 mins: SOBRO
5 mins: Vanderbilt University
5 mins: Monroe Carell Jr. Children s Hospital at Vanderbilt
5 mins: Edley s Bar-B-Que
5 mins: Frothy Monkey
5 mins: Belmont-Hillsboro
5 mins: Geodis Park
5 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
6 mins: Centennial Park
6 mins: The Parthenon
6 mins: Midtown
6 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
6 mins: The Filling Station
6 mins: Burger Up
7 mins: Sevier Park
10 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
11 mins: McCabe Golf Course
13 mins: Nashville Zoo
20 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service! Please inquire to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within 2 hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided upon request, as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2022, followed by:2022009211

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home with garage parking.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms! 
	- Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.
	 - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, Makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can.  
	 - We'll also be sure to provide you with two (2) paper towel rolls per kitchen and two (2) rolls of bathroom tissue per bathroom. 
	 - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

Registration Details
2022009211

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
17855 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting