URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1037805994352860902
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7753
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 6
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome To Cherry Blossom Beach Home, the Ultimate Comfort Home. Short walk to Broadway(8 minutes only), Bridgestone Arena, The Music City Center, and Country Music Hall of fame and All of Nashville finest.

Amazing Pool view from Our Large Balcony! Top Notched, Spacious  and Comfortable Unit . Designed for Ultimately the most relaxation and comfort in mind for your Nashville Venture

Fully Equipped Kitchen, Supplies, Coffee, Comfortable Beds and Premium Linens
Free Parking in Gated Garage!

The space
✨ Stylish & Spacious Downtown Nashville Condo | Sleeps 8 | Walk to Broadway!
Welcome to your perfect home base in the heart of Downtown Nashville! Whether you're here for a weekend of Honky-Tonks and live music or a midweek business trip, this beautifully designed 2-bedroom condo has everything you need for an unforgettable stay.
We’ve poured a lot of love and care into this space to make sure it’s not only comfortable and stylish, but also gives you the true Nashville experience. You're just steps from the best of the city—Lower Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, Ryman Auditorium, and a huge selection of restaurants, bars, and coffee shops are all within walking distance.
🛏️ Sleeps 8 Comfortably
This spacious condo comfortably sleeps up to 8 guests, making it ideal for families, friend groups, business travelers, or special occasions like bachelorette parties, birthdays, or weekend getaways.
Bedroom 1: Two full-size beds, premium linens, private en-suite bathroom with walk-in shower, and a large walk-in closet stocked with extra pillows, blankets, a rollaway bed, and an air mattress.
Bedroom 2: One plush king-size bed, plenty of pillows, and easy access to the second bathroom with a bathtub/shower combo.
Living Room: Large sleeper sofa, smart TV, cozy electric fireplace, and the perfect lounge space to relax after a day in Music City.
🏡 Home Features & Amenities
Fully Equipped Kitchen: Cook up a storm with all the essentials, including a Keurig coffee maker and a variety of complimentary pods.
High-Speed WiFi & Smart TV
In-Unit Washer & Dryer
Private Patio: Relax with a drink and enjoy views of the pool and courtyard.
Iron & Ironing Board
Fresh Towels, Linens & Toiletries Provided
Hair Dryers in Both Bathrooms
🌟 Building Amenities
Year-Round Swimming Pool – Take a dip or catch some sun!
Modern Fitness Center – Includes a rock climbing feature for those looking to stay active.
Sky Lounges – Perfect for sunset views or a chill evening hangout.
Outdoor Fireplace – Cozy up under the stars.
Courtyard with Propane Grill – Great for group cookouts or casual hangouts.
Common Lounge Area – Mingle, relax, and make new memories.
🗺️ Walk to All the Hotspots!
You’ll be just blocks away from:
🎶 Lower Broadway & Honky-Tonks
🎤 Ryman Auditorium
🏒 Bridgestone Arena
🌳 Ascend Amphitheater
🍽️ Top Restaurants, Bars, & Coffee Shops
Whether you're heading to a concert, game, or just exploring the city, you’re truly in the middle of it all.
🛎️ Extra Perks
24/7 Emergency Maintenance – We're always here if you need anything.
On-Site Overnight Security
Bellhop Service for Baggage
1 Free Parking Spot – Additional parking available for purchase in the building garage.
💬 A Personal Note from Your Host:
We’re thrilled to host you in Nashville! We designed this space with care to make it feel like a luxurious retreat with a local vibe—a cozy spot to recharge between all the music, nightlife, and fun this city has to offer. Feel free to reach out if you have any questions—we’re always happy to help!
Book your Nashville stay today and make memories that last a lifetime!

Guest access
This entire apartment complex along with this unit is accessed by a keyless smartphone entry system called Latch. Please be sure to have it download and watch the tutorial from the link in the email prior to your trip to ensure smooth check-in procedures.  Please keep your phone charged up and have it with you at all times since it is required to access the building and the unit.

If you plan to arrive prior to check-in or leave later than your check-out time and need a place to store your baggage, Baggage Bellhop is available onsite 7 days/week 9AM - 5 PM

Other things to note
Please Note:
While we always strive to provide a comfortable and positive living experience, there are certain factors beyond our personal control that we want to clarify:
We are not responsible for external variables outside of this building, such as noise, construction, or private/public events happening nearby.
This property is part of a larger complex managed by building management, who oversee:
Common areas and shared spaces
Exterior maintenance
Interior maintenance of physical systems and appliances (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, HVAC, and drywall)
When it comes to maintenance requests or issues, we are required to follow the building’s procedures and timelines. We will always do our best to communicate and advocate on your behalf, but please understand that resolution times are ultimately determined by the building’s management and service teams.

This is a multi-unit building, and there may be other guests staying in neighboring units.
While we expect everyone to be respectful, we cannot control the behavior of other guests, including potential noise.
If excessive noise occurs after quiet hours, you may report it directly to the building’s overnight security, who are available to assist.
Thank you for your understanding and cooperation! If you have any questions or concerns ahead of your stay, feel free to reach out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Phubodee
Host User ID: 549157111
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/549157111
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
My work: Hosting
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
3 years hosting
1511 reviews
4.72 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting