URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1718960166391674470
Latitude: 36.2053
Longitude: -86.7639
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 7
beds: 8
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Two Brand new professionally designed side-by-side homes create the ultimate Nashville retreat for large groups. Featuring 7 bedrooms, 7 full baths, 2 half baths, 2 rooftop decks with private hot tubs, 2 full kitchens, 2 living areas, and 2 two-car garages, this luxury East Nashville property comfortably sleeps up to 18 guests. Just 7–10 minutes to Broadway and a short walk to East Nashville Beer Works, top restaurants, and Nashville's best attractions.

The space
Luxury East Nashville Compound | 2 Rooftop Hot Tubs | 7BR | Minutes to Broadway

Bring everyone together without sacrificing space or comfort. This professionally designed East Nashville property combines two side-by-side luxury homes into one incredible retreat, creating the perfect setup for large group getaways.

With 7 bedrooms, 7 full bathrooms, 2 half baths, 9 beds, plus additional sleeping options, the home comfortably accommodates 16+ guests while giving everyone room to spread out.

Step inside and you'll find over-the-top details throughout, including soaring ceilings, abundant natural light, designer furnishings, and a warm organic modern aesthetic that feels more like a boutique hotel than a vacation rental.

Designed for Gathering

Whether you're cooking together, celebrating a special occasion, or simply catching up, the dual open-concept living areas provide plenty of room for everyone to be together without feeling crowded.

Enjoy:
• Two fully equipped gourmet kitchens
• Spacious dining areas
• Multiple living rooms for relaxing or entertaining
• Designer finishes throughout

Double the Rooftops. Double the Views.

The highlight of the property is having two private rooftop decks, each featuring its own hot tub and lounge space. Start the morning with coffee overlooking the city or unwind after exploring Nashville with your group under the lights.

Boutique Hotel Comfort

Every bedroom was thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, and most bedroom feature its own private ensuite bathroom, making this home ideal for larger groups who appreciate privacy.

One bedroom includes two beds, offering additional flexibility for families or larger groups.

Guests also love the spa-inspired wet rooms, bringing a luxury hotel experience into the comfort of your private home.

Parking Made Easy

Unlike many downtown properties, you'll enjoy the convenience of two private two-car garages plus additional driveway parking, making arrival simple for larger groups traveling in multiple vehicles. We have also partnered with  other property owners to allow use of their property for parking. All parking is free!!

The Perfect East Nashville Location

Located on E. Trinity Lane, you're close enough to experience everything Nashville has to offer while enjoying one of the city's most vibrant neighborhoods.

Approximate drive times:
• Downtown Broadway – 7–10 minutes
• Nissan Stadium – 7 minutes
• Germantown – 6 minutes
• The Gulch – 10 minutes
• East Nashville Beer Works – 1 min walk
• BNA Airport – 15 minutes

You'll also be minutes from East Nashville's best restaurants, breweries, coffee shops, boutiques, and live music venues.

Whether you're in town for a wedding, concert, Titans game, Predators game, CMA Fest, business retreat, or simply a weekend with friends, this property was designed to make your time together unforgettable.

Luxury, location, and space—all in one exceptional Nashville stay.

Guest access
You will have full access to the two units.

Other things to note
Our goal is to give you a five star experience. If there is anything you need, please let us know so we can get you back to enjoying your stay!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Frank
Host User ID: 231481335
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/231481335
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Married with dogs
Born in the 80s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
269 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting