URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1496758893901026546
Latitude: 36.15178
Longitude: -86.80544
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 4
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Artemis Midtown, a stylish 1BR suite perfect for couples or small families. Located in the heart of Downtown Nashville, our suite offers easy access to popular attractions like Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and Ryman Auditorium. Relax in our luxury pool, work out in the gym, or enjoy city views from the comfort of your room. With free parking and resort-style amenities, your stay in Nashville will be both convenient and enjoyable.

The space
This beautiful airbnb is located on the 6th  floor of our luxury community in Downtown Nashville and is fully furnished with (1) Queen size bed, (2) Full Size beds, and (1) twin roll away bed. All of our beds fitted with memory foam mattresses for your comfort. 

★ LIVING AREA ★
Relax and unwind in the bright, open living space and comfortable sleep space designed with comfort in mind. The TV comes loaded with streaming apps like Amazon Prime Video, Apple TV, Disney+, HBO Max, Hulu, YouTube and Netflix (You will be able to log into your own account) to keep everyone entertained. There is even a workspace for you to utilize should you need it.
✔ Luxurious Lounge
✔ Smart TV
✔ Workspace
✔ Cozy Space Designed with Comfort In Mind

★ KITCHEN & DINING ★
The kitchen comes fully equipped with everything you would need to cook up all your favorite meals from the built in oven and microwave to the spacious stainless steel fridge/freezer.
You’ll have access to quality cookware, dinnerware and utensils along with a coffee maker to get your day started right and all the cooking essentials you would need right at your fingertips.
✔ Stainless Steel Appliances - Fridge/Freezer, Oven, Microwave
✔ Coffee Maker (Keurig ☕️)
✔ Cookware, Dinnerware & Utensils

★ BEDROOM & BATHROOM ★
Within this luxury Suite, you’ll find a comfortable queen bed and queen & full size beds with quality linens along with plenty of space for you to unpack and make yourself at home. This luxury Suite comes with a well thought-of cozy space with decors that brighten that make you feel comfortable the moment you step in.
There is a full bathroom that come stocked with all the essentials for your stay along with soft fluffy towels so you don’t have to worry about a thing.
✔ Queen & Full size bed
✔ Pillows & comforters 
✔ Full Bathroom
✔ Soft Fluffy Towels
✔ Soap, Shampoo, and Body wash
✔ In Unit Washer & Dryer 

🌟AMENITIES &  ACTIVITIES  🌟
●Luxury Pool
●Commercial Fitness Center
●Indoor & Outdoor workspace
●Community Lounge 
●Pool Table 

🍜 Local Restaurants Nearby
●Jimmy Kelly's Steakhouse 1 minute walk
●Verna Cafe & Bar 2 minute walk 
●Koi Sushi & Thai 4 minute walk 

On a beautiful day in Downton Nashville, step out by the pool where you can enjoy the view, the fresh air and a lounging area with comfortable chairs and patio available to you. There is also a pool table to add to the entertainment!

This place is complete with indoor and outdoor lounge and workspaces should you need some work done or just simply want to lay back.

If you are into health and fitness, this place offers a commercial fitness center with an array of equipment and free weights to complete your workout! 🏋‍♀️

So if you are looking for somewhere special for your next vacation or just a weekend away just steps from Broadway, exquisite restaurants and bars, and everything Downtown Nashville has to offer, look no further than this charming, luxurious suite that offers a thoughtful design packed with amenities for everyone to enjoy.

***** and MUCH MORE *****

Our mission is to make sure that your stay in our suite becomes an unforgettable and amazing experience.

Our goal is to make our beautiful suite be the reason for your decision to travel and visit our city as well as be your home away from home.

★ FUN PLACES AND ATTRACTIONS NEARBY WITHIN 30 MINUTES FROM THE PROPERTY ★

- Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum: Showcases the history and impact of country music with exhibits, artifacts, and interactive displays.

- Ryman Auditorium: Historic music venue known as the "Mother Church of Country Music," hosting concerts and events.

- The Parthenon at Centennial Park: A full-scale replica of the Parthenon in Athens, serving as an art museum and park centerpiece.

- Belmont Mansion: A stunning historic mansion offering tours and insights into 19th-century life.

- Frist Art Museum: An art museum housed in a beautiful historic building featuring rotating exhibitions and diverse art collections.

- Tennessee State Capitol: The seat of Tennessee's government, an architectural and historical landmark.

- The Gulch: A trendy neighborhood with shops, restaurants, and vibrant nightlife.

- Music Row: The heart of Nashville's music industry, featuring recording studios, record labels, and iconic establishments.

- The District: Nashville's downtown entertainment district, renowned for live music, bars, and restaurants.

- Nashville Farmer's Market: A bustling marketplace with local produce, artisanal goods, and international cuisine.

- Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park: Commemorates Tennessee's bicentennial with a plaza, monuments, and educational elements.

- Tennessee State Museum: Showcases Tennessee's history, art, and culture through exhibits and collections.

- Cheekwood Estate & Gardens: A historic mansion surrounded by beautiful botanical gardens and art installations.

- Nissan Stadium: Home of the Tennessee Titans NFL team, hosting football games and events.

- Nashville Zoo at Grassmere: A family-friendly zoo with various animal exhibits and interactive experiences.

- Adventure Science Center: A hands-on science museum with interactive exhibits and planetarium shows.

- Ascend Amphitheater: An outdoor amphitheater along the Cumberland River, hosting concerts and events.

- Shelby Bottoms Nature Center & Greenway: A nature center and green space offering trails and outdoor activities.

- Belle Meade Plantation: A preserved antebellum estate with tours and insights into Southern history.

- Lane Motor Museum: Showcases a unique collection of rare and antique cars from around the world.

Guest access
🚗 FREE Parking available in our secured garage (stop by office to pick up parking pass)
🚪Our key fob system gives you direct access to all amenities and the peace of mind of a safe & secure building.
🔑 Self-Check in with our keyless lock system to your AIRBNB unit

Other things to note
🍜 Local Restaurants Nearby
●Jimmy Kelly's Steakhouse 1 minute walk
●Verna Cafe & Bar 2 minute walk 
●Koi Sushi & Thai 4 minute walk

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dominique
Host User ID: 453533215
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/453533215
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Daytona Beach, Florida
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
4 years hosting
278 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting