URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/22773602
Latitude: 36.15785
Longitude: -86.8163
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 12
occupancy: 15
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Dolly’s Den – A Glamorous Nashville Retreat!

Discover the magic of Music City at Dolly’s Den, a stylish 3-bedroom, 2.5-bathroom home that combines Southern charm with modern luxury. Inspired by the one and only Dolly Parton, this home is thoughtfully designed to make your Nashville stay as unforgettable as her greatest hits.

Book your stay today and experience the magic of Dolly’s Den—where country charm meets modern luxury!

The space
What Makes Dolly’s Den Special:

• 🛏️ 3 Bedrooms: Spacious and beautifully decorated, each room offers luxurious bedding and Dolly-inspired details to make you feel right at home.

• 🛁 2.5 Bathrooms: Start your day in comfort with bright, modern bathrooms featuring all the essentials.

• 🍳 Modern Kitchen: Whip up meals or snacks in a fully-equipped kitchen that’s ready for everything from breakfast to pre-show cocktails.

• 🎶 Comfortable Living Spaces: Relax in the open-concept living and dining area with chic furnishings and a touch of Dolly’s sparkle.

• 🌆 Rooftop Deck: Take in breathtaking views of the Nashville skyline while enjoying your morning coffee or evening drinks. It’s the perfect spot to unwind and soak up the city vibes.

• 🚗 Attached Garage: Easy and secure parking makes coming and going a breeze, so you can focus on your Nashville adventures.

Prime Location:

Located just minutes from downtown Nashville, Dolly’s Den puts you close to the action while offering a peaceful retreat.

• 🎤 Broadway Honky-Tonks and legendary venues like the Ryman Auditorium are just a short ride away.

• 🍴 Shops & Restaurants: Walk or take a quick drive to some of the city’s best eateries and trendy boutiques.

• ✨ Perfectly situated near East Nashville, The Gulch, and other must-visit neighborhoods.

Whether you’re here for live music, a girls’ getaway, or a family vacation, Dolly’s Den offers the perfect mix of comfort, convenience, and Nashville flair.

Book your stay today and experience the magic of Dolly’s Den—where country charm meets modern luxury!

Each home has:

*3 Bathrooms with luxurious showers and tubs - Easy for Everyone to G
Bedroom 1) 1 King

Bedroom 2) 2 Queen 4 twin

Bedroom 3) 2 Queen 2 twin 

Living room down) 2 Air Mattresses Available per request.

 In order to receive promotional discount, it must be requested at the time of booking.

Guest access
You`ll have 100% private access to this home during your entire stay, except for one closet that I keep for personal belongings and supplies.

Other things to note
We provide everything that a hotel will have. There will be enough tissue, paper towels, garbage bags, etc. to get you started. If you need additional supplies Walgreens is less than a mile away.
Furnishings/Decor are subject to change. Bed count will always remain consistent.
Bachelor and Bachelorette groups are welcome!!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: DC Capital
Host User ID: 104850762
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/104850762
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello,
I am Derrick, owner of DC Capital, LLC! We are a small real estate investment company that offers property management to select clients. DC Capital is here to ensure your vacation is nothing short of amazing! We pride ourselves in taking great care of our clients and our guest. Our mission is to ensure our guest have a first class experience in the Music City. Please inquire if you have questions. I do look forward to meeting you!

Life is a breeze, enjoy it!
My work: DC Capital, LLC
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
3277 reviews
4.67 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting