URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/879210308320403842
Latitude: 36.1737
Longitude: -86.7473
rental_type: Entire cottage
property_type: COTTAGE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover our charming, designer-curated East Nashville cottage, blending quiet residential comfort with vibrant city access. This unique bungalow features a hot tub, EV charger, and dedicated workspace, comfortably accommodating guests seeking a stylish retreat. Located in the walkable East End, you're minutes from top restaurants, bars, and coffee shops, with downtown Nashville just a 5-10 minute drive. Perfect for a memorable Music City experience.

The space
Step into our inviting, designer-curated bungalow, where every detail is crafted for your comfort and enjoyment. This single-level home ensures easy access for all guests.

Living Room: Relax in the chic living room, featuring soothing sage green walls, two plush tan leather sofas, a colorful area rug, and a cozy white-painted fireplace. It's an ideal spot for unwinding after a day of exploration.

Dining Room: Enjoy meals in the sophisticated dining room, adorned with bold, dark teal walls and illuminated by a modern spherical light fixture, creating a moody and elegant ambiance.

Kitchen: Our galley-style kitchen boasts sleek dark cabinetry and modern appliances, including a premium GE Cafe stainless steel gas stove with a double oven. A dedicated coffee station, complete with espresso and Keurig machines, ensures your mornings start perfectly.

Bedrooms:
Bedroom 1: Find serenity in this peaceful escape, featuring a beautiful woven rattan bed frame for a restful night's sleep.
Bedroom 2: This versatile room doubles as a dedicated workspace with a large desk setup, perfect for remote work. French doors open to an outdoor space, inviting fresh air and natural light.

Bathrooms:
Bathroom 1: Indulge in the unique charm of this bathroom, featuring intricate floral wallpaper and a refreshing walk-in shower.
Bathroom 2: A larger bathroom offers a classic clawfoot tub, thoughtfully adapted for showering, providing both comfort and style.

Outdoor Spaces: Step outside to a comfortable screened-in porch, furnished with a sectional sofa for leisurely afternoons. The wooden side decking hosts your private inflatable hot tub, perfect for soaking under the stars.
We've equipped the cottage with modern conveniences including:

Stacked washer and dryer unit
Level 2 EV charger
Sonos sound system for your entertainment
Blazing fast Wi-Fi at 591 Mbps
Wide array of HDTV streaming options

Guest access
You will have exclusive access to the entire charming cottage during your stay, ensuring complete privacy and comfort. This includes:

All indoor living spaces
Both bedrooms and bathrooms
The fully equipped kitchen
The relaxing screened-in porch
The outdoor decking with the inviting hot tub

Other things to note
Please take note of these important details for your stay:
   Owner-Occupied Rental: This is an owner-occupied short-term rental. While personal items are stored discreetly, rest assured the property will be solely occupied by you during your stay, and nothing of a personal nature will be visible or in your way.
   Child Amenities: A Pack ’n play/Travel crib is always available at the listing for our youngest guests, ensuring a comfortable stay for families.
   Smart Home Features: Enjoy the convenience of Google Home Automation. Simply say "Hey Google, set the lights to 10%" for easy control and a lovely night's rest.
   Security: For your safety and peace of mind, exterior security cameras are present on the property.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Matt
Host User ID: 266085855
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/266085855
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Easy going, caring individual. :)
Born in the 70s
Where I went to school: Sikeston Missouri
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
193 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting