URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/51427709
Latitude: 36.1526
Longitude: -86.7823
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your Nashville getaway! Located in the vibrant Gulch neighborhood, this stylish 2-bedroom apartment is within walking distance of the city's best dining, shopping, and nightlife. Broadway, Nashville’s iconic music scene hub, is less than a mile away, making it easy to explore all the excitement the city has to offer. Enjoy modern amenities and one FREE dedicated parking space in the attached garage —a rare find in this prime location! Our central location is the perfect home base.

**

The space
The space features two comfortable bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, and a cozy living area where you can relax after a day of adventures. Enjoy modern amenities, free high-speed WiFi, and one dedicated parking space in the attached garage at no extra cost—a rare find in this prime location!

Call us your home away from home! The Gulch is one of Nashville's most sought-after downtown neighborhoods! This 2-bedroom apartment offers the perfect blend of comfort and convenience. Here, you stay less than one mile from Broadway, where the music never stops, and enjoy easy access to Nashville's hottest restaurants, trendy boutiques, and buzzing entertainment—all just steps from your door.

Wake up early and beat the line at Biscuit Love, or take a leisurely stroll to your dinner reservations at one of Nashville's iconic eateries. The Gulch's unique mix of locals and transplants creates an energizing neighborhood vibe that will make your stay truly unforgettable.

Apartment Features:

Prime Location: A short walk to Broadway and all the excitement of downtown Nashville, with one free parking space included for added convenience.

Parking Perfection: Enjoy the convenience of 1 FREE dedicated parking spot in the building's secure attached garage—a rare gem in the heart of Nashville!

Open-Concept Living: The spacious living and dining area opens onto a private patio—a peaceful retreat from the lively streets of the Gulch.

Fully Equipped Kitchen: Whip up meals in the modern kitchen, complete with sleek black granite countertops, an island, and a matching desk—perfect for handling any work on the go.

Master Suite: Relax in the plush king-sized bed with extra blankets for added comfort. The ensuite bathroom features double vanities, a large garden tub with subway tile, and a roomy walk-in closet.

Guest Bedroom: Equally inviting, the sunny guest room offers a comfy queen bed, private patio views, a large closet, and direct access to a shared (Jack-and-Jill) bathroom.

Additional Sleeping: A high-quality queen air mattress ensures everyone in your group sleeps comfortably.

Thoughtful Amenities: Enjoy the convenience of an in-unit washer and dryer, making it easy to refresh your "going-out" attire after a night on the town. Plus, take advantage of the building’s 24/7 fitness center, a year-round (not heated) pool with cabanas and grills, and a serene zen garden—perfect for relaxing and unwinding during your stay.

Whether you're here to soak in the live music, savor local cuisine, explore Nashville's unique charm, or simply relax and recharge, this apartment provides the ideal home base. Experience the best of the Gulch and downtown Nashville during your stay—book now for a trip filled with lasting memories!

Guest access
Relax and Make Yourself at Home!

When you stay with us, the entire space is yours to enjoy! Kick back, unwind, and settle into your home away from home—it’s all yours to make your Nashville getaway truly special.

Important Details: Check-in begins at 4 PM, and check-out is at 10 AM. While early check-ins or late check-outs are rarely available, we’ve got you covered! Nashville offers convenient luggage storage options, and there are plenty of cozy spots nearby where you can relax with your bags as you await your next adventure. We're here to help make your stay as smooth and enjoyable as possible!

Other things to note
Our guests receive 10% off with Rides with TJ! Ask about our discount code when you book!

We offer a personal concierge service of stocking the apartment with snacks/drinks! Prices vary depending on the items. Inquire with your booking!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amanda
Host User ID: 52439653
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/52439653
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Amanda! I’m based in Nashville, currently in my master’s program in counseling at Vanderbilt, and I also teach Pilates. I love creating spaces that feel clean, comfortable, and easy to settle into.

To me, it should feel like an easy place to come back to at the end of the day. I try to make the whole experience simple and seamless, from clear communication to having everything set up the way it should be, so you can relax and enjoy your time in Nashville.
Speaks English, Sign Language, and Spanish
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
11 years hosting
4879 reviews
4.55 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting