URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1782043798878246066
Latitude: 36.2087
Longitude: -86.7852
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This stylish place to stay is perfect for group trips.

The space
Welcome to your ultimate Nashville getaway! Whether you’re planning a bachelorette or bachelor party, family vacation, birthday celebration, or a weekend with friends, this spacious 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom home has everything you need for an unforgettable stay—just minutes from the heart of Music City.

★ The Space

Designed with groups in mind, this beautifully appointed home comfortably sleeps large parties with 11 beds, giving everyone plenty of room to spread out. Each bedroom is thoughtfully furnished with comfortable mattresses, stylish décor, and easy access to a full bathroom, making mornings simple for everyone.

★ Private Rooftop Retreat

After a day exploring Nashville, head upstairs to your own private outdoor oasis featuring:
• Private hot tub
• Gas grill for cookouts
• Comfortable lounge seating
• The perfect place to unwind under the Tennessee sky

Whether you’re enjoying your morning coffee or relaxing after a night on Broadway, this space is sure to become your favorite spot.

★ Game Room Fun

Keep the entertainment going without leaving the house! The dedicated game room is perfect for friendly competition and making memories before heading downtown.

★ Fully Equipped Kitchen

Prepare everything from quick breakfasts to family dinners in the stocked kitchen featuring:
• Full-size appliances
• Cookware and dishes
• Coffee maker
• Spacious dining area
• Large island perfect for gathering

★ Community Amenities

During warmer months, cool off and relax in the beautiful community pool, offering another great space to enjoy Nashville’s sunshine.

★ Prime Nashville Location

You’ll be just a short Uber ride from Nashville’s top attractions, including:
• Broadway & Honky Tonks
• Bridgestone Arena
• Nissan Stadium
• The Gulch
• Music Row
• 12 South
• Germantown
• East Nashville
• Top restaurants, breweries, and live music venues

Spend the day exploring Music City and return home to relax in the hot tub, fire up the grill, or enjoy games with your group.

★ Perfect For

✓ Bachelor & Bachelorette Trips
✓ Family Vacations
✓ Birthday Celebrations
✓ Friends’ Getaways
✓ Sports Fans
✓ Concert Weekends
✓ Business Travelers
✓ Large Group Stays

Book your Nashville escape today and experience the perfect combination of comfort, entertainment, and convenience. We can’t wait to host your group!

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Guest access
Entire Home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting