URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1242711919350265564
Latitude: 36.1974
Longitude: -86.744
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Bring the whole family to this fantastic spot with plenty of space for fun and relaxation! This 4 bedroom, 3 bath home comfortably accommodates up to 12 guests. Enjoy your morning coffee on the charming front porch, cook up a feast in the fully stocked kitchen, and take advantage of the two grills for barbecuing. Spend evenings around the fire pit or challenge each other to a game of corn hole in the large, fenced-in backyard. Plus, it's just a short drive to Broadway and all the best Nashville

The space
•Listing Provided by Chady Property Management •

Enjoy a spacious kitchen and gathering room, alongside four cozy bedrooms furnished with soft pillows and linens. Relax in two separate TV rooms, or step outside to a large backyard featuring yard games and a fire pit, perfect for cooler evenings.• Roku televisions in all bedrooms, & living rooms

Main living:
The main floor features an open-concept design that includes a formal sitting room, fully equipped eat-in kitchen with a gas range. The primary suite offers a king bed, Roku Smart TV with a sound bar, desk for working needs, closet space and a washer and dryer, bathroom with dual vanities, rain shower heads. There is a large tv room with a pull out queen bed, smart tv and sound bar. The main area also features a shared full bath and an extra bedroom with twin bunks. 
Note: The fireplace is currently not available for guest use, but you are welcome to access the fire pit outside the home. 

Upper level:
Upper level includes a smart tv, a queen sofa bed, shared bath with a shower and tub. two bedrooms that each feature a smart tv. 
All areas have black out curtains, comfortable bedding and plenty of space. 

Outdoor Space:
Cozy front porch to enjoy a cup of coffee.
Large fenced in  back yard for the kids to run, play games, barbecue, or enjoy a fire around the fire pit for those cool nights.

The Neighborhood: 
East Nashville has a lot of options for dinning, sports bars , shopping and is just a few minute ride to everything Nashville has to offer. We are also located close to the famous 5 spot area!
It is just a short walk to East Nashville’s newest Honky Tonks bar, where you can enjoy live music, great drinks, and an unforgettable local experience!

Getting Around:
Airport: 12/15 min drive.
5pts area: 3 min
Grand ole opry: 7 min
Bridgestone and Broadway: 5 min
Nissan Stadium: 4 min
Uber and lyft are always redly available

House Rules:
    * NO SMOKING: No smoking of any kind is allowed inside the home. 
    • PETS: Up to 2 dogs are allowed with prior host approval. A $75 fee per pet applies, and breed restrictions may apply. Cats are not allowed. Pets must be kept off all furniture at all times and kenneled when left unattended. Please clean up after your pets. Additional fees may apply for excess pet hair, damage, or extra cleaning.
    • NO PARTIES: Parties or large gatherings are not allowed unless pre-approved. Only the number of guests listed at booking are allowed in the house.
    • DAMAGES: Guests are responsible for any missing or damaged items and agree to pay the retail value for any such items.
    • LOCAL GUEST BOOKING POLICY: Locals must first contact host prior to booking. Failure to do so may result in cancelation without the possibility of a refund. 
    * QUIET HOURS: 11pm-8am

Other things to note: 
    • You may be asked to complete documentation such as a rental agreement or provide other information for Chady Property Management after booking reservation.
    • Eligible refunds may incur a 3% credit card processing fee which will be deducted from the refunded amount.
    * All properties are contactless checkin. Please be sure to arrive to checkin between 4pm & 8pm. If you do arrive later, you will still be able to checkin but may not have assistance if needed. Checkin time is always 4pm unless approved in writing by management. If you book and edit your checkin time to be earlier than 4pm, you will not be able to checkin until 4pm.
   * Ice machine/ wine fridge doesn't work but the ice maker in the regular fridge is working.

   Book your stay in this East Nashville spacious home today and experience the perfect getaway! We look forward to hosting you :)

Other things to note
-You may be asked to complete documentation such as a rental agreement or provide other information for Chady Property Management after booking reservation.
-Please do not re-stage or move any furniture during your stay to prevent damage and maintain the property’s condition.

To help us maintain a clean, safe, and enjoyable home for all guests, we ask that you follow our house rules. The fees below cover the additional costs of rule violations, extra cleaning, or damages needed to restore the property to its original condition.

$500 - Smoking inside the property 
$500 - Unregistered guest(s)         
$500 - Unregistered pet(s)         
Minimum $150 - Excessive trash requiring additional cleanup or removal 
Actual cost incurred - Excessive cleaning beyond normal turnover 
Actual repair or replacement cost - Damages to the property, furnishings, or amenities 
Replacement cost - Missing or stolen items

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chady Property Management LLC
Host User ID: 407199764
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/407199764
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
4196 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting