URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/37970099
Latitude: 36.19906
Longitude: -86.73832
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Large Gorgeous modern home with a rooftop deck overlooking city skyline views. Located in the trendy East Nashville neighborhood! Only 3 miles to Downtown Broadway bars and about 15 minutes from the Airport. Outdoor seating and a gas grill. Fully fenced in yard. Tons of restaurants, shopping, coffee shops, bars and live music nearby. Washer/dryer, free parking on-site, smart TVs in living rooms & bedroom and high-speed wifi in the home. Memory foam mattresses. Plenty of space for your group!

The space
HIGHLIGHTS
★ 5 Beds - 1 King and 4 Queens
★ 3 Bedrooms
★ 2.5 Bathrooms
★ Private rooftop deck with city skyline views, and a dining table & chairs
★ Smart TVs in the living room and 2 bedrooms with all the streaming apps
★ Fully fenced-in yard with patio seating
★ Gas grill (please note you’ll need to supply your own propane)
★ High-speed internet throughout the home
★ In-unit washer and dryer (free)
★ Drip Coffee Maker with grounds and filters
★ Charming neighborhood
★ Fully-equipped kitchen with high-end appliances and seating at the kitchen island
★ Separate breakfast / dining table with seating for four in the kitchen
★ Hair dryers, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and plenty of towels provided
★ Iron & ironing board 
★ Comfortable memory foam mattresses 
★ Free parking right in front of the house for 1 or 2 cars, plus additional free street parking!
★ Only 10 min drive to Downtown Broadway Bars and 13 min drive to Grand Ole Opry
★ Hassle-free check-in with no keys, just codes 
★ WALK TO Las Maracas (2 min), Elegy Coffee (7 min), the Fox Bar & Cocktail Club (8 min)
★ Near tons of bars, restaurants, coffee shops, live music & shopping 
★ 3 min drive to Publix, Kroger, or Aldi’s grocery stores

BEDS: 
Bedroom 1: 1 King
Bedroom 2: 2 Queens
Bedroom 3: 2 Queens

BATHROOMS: 
Bathroom 1: Full ensuite bath attached to bedroom #1
Bathroom 2: Full Jack-and-Jill bath connecting bedrooms #2 and 3
Bathroom 3: Half-bath located on the ground floor off the kitchen / living areas

Enjoy the best that Nashville has to offer in a one of a kind home situated in a fantastic location!  The vaulted ceilings, the stained concrete floors, the marble countertops, the floor to ceiling windows, and the beautiful outdoor living spaces will make you love this home. After a fun day out exploring Nashville, come back to relax in this spacious and comfortable house. We thoughtfully designed this space with your ease in mind. The rooftop deck has a dining table and chairs. The fully fenced in yard has patio seating and a gas grill. The living room has a TV with Netflix and all the apps you could want. Please note the fireplace does not work. The kitchen comes stocked with everything you need to cook and bake. Although parking is free, you don't need a car for this location. Many exciting things are right by us. The airport is only about 15 minutes away as well. There are plenty of Ubers, Lyft and taxis readily available. Our house is in a great location to enjoy all the things that Music City has to offer! 

**Please note that we have a strict No Parties policy. We do not allow Locals to book this house.  

Nearby Spots (alphabetical order):

★ Attaboy
★ Bartaco
★ Basement East (music venue)
★ Board & Brush Creative Studio
★ Dino’s Bar
★ Edley’s BBQ
★ Elegy Coffee
★ East Side Banh Mi
★ Hearts Cafe
★ Flora + Fauna (coffee and brunch)
★ Five Points Pizza
★ Folk
★ Golden Pony cocktail bar
★ Hola Yoga
★ Kisser (Japanese)
★ Lil Cee’s Soul Food
★ Once Upon a Time in France
★ Pelican & Pig
★ Pearl Diver
★ Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden
★ Redheaded Stranger
★ Southern Grist Brewing Company - East
★ The Underdog
★ The Urban Juicer
★ Tower Market & Deli
★ Wilburn Street Tavern
★ Xiao Bao

Guest access
You have access to all spaces in the main house. The garage is not accessible to you. Someone lives in an apartment above the garage. They do not have any access to the house.

Other things to note
Early check in times selected through the app are not applicable. If you would like early check in, you must message us.

There are numerous sets of stairs in this home.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mark
Host User ID: 287871178
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/287871178
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Mark!

My interior designer fiancé and I have enjoyed renting our properties on Airbnb for several years now. We love to travel and have realized how important the space you lay your head in matters in making a trip stand out in the memory banks. Because of this, we’ve put special attention and care into each of our properties to make them a sanctuary for you and your loved ones to connect and unwind. 

In our down time we love to hike, play with our dog, explore new lands, and gather with our community.
My work: Asia Hope Design
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
181 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting