URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1598794055370571196
Latitude: 36.19782839458726
Longitude: -86.77046579914585
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our chic east Nashville home. With stunning finishes and a private rooftop with hot tub, this makes the perfect location for your groups getaway to Nashville!

The space
✨ Chic Nashville Escape with Private Rooftop & Hot Tub ✨

Welcome to your stylish Nashville retreat, where stunning design meets unforgettable city views. This 3-bedroom, thoughtfully curated home offers the perfect blend of modern luxury and comfort—ideal for weekend getaways, celebrations, or a memorable stay in Music City.

🏙️ Private Rooftop Oasis
The showstopper of the home is the exclusive rooftop deck, featuring:
	•	A private hot tub with breathtaking Nashville skyline views
	•	Lounge seating perfect for sunsets, cocktails, and late-night conversations
	•	An elevated, serene atmosphere that feels worlds away—yet minutes from everything

Whether you’re soaking under the stars or starting your morning with skyline views, the rooftop delivers an experience you won’t forget.

🛋️ Stunning Interior Design
Step inside to discover a chic, design-forward space with:
	•	Open-concept living area filled with natural light
	•	High-end finishes, curated décor, and modern furnishings
	•	A fully equipped kitchen ideal for cooking or gathering
	•	Dining space perfect for shared meals or pre-night-out plans

Every detail has been thoughtfully selected to create a space that’s both Insta-worthy and incredibly comfortable.

🛏️ Comfortable Sleeping Arrangements
The home comfortably accommodates your group with:
	•	3 beautifully styled bedrooms
	•	Plush mattresses and quality linens
	•	Smart TVs and ample storage for longer stays

Perfect for couples, friends, families, or small groups looking to relax in style.

📍 Prime Nashville Location
Located just minutes from Downtown, Broadway, East Nashville, and top dining & nightlife, you’re perfectly positioned to explore:
	•	Live music & honky-tonks
	•	Award-winning restaurants
	•	Local coffee shops and boutiques
	•	Nashville’s most iconic attractions

Enjoy easy access to the action—then retreat back to your private, peaceful haven.

✅ Additional Highlights
	•	High-speed WiFi
	•	Washer & dryer
	•	Smart TVs
	•	Central heating & air
	•	Easy self check-in
	•	Dedicated parking (if applicable)

⸻

Whether you’re here for music, food, celebrations, or simply to unwind, this chic Nashville home with a private rooftop hot tub offers an elevated stay you’ll want to return to again and again.

⭐ Book now and experience Nashville in style ⭐

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Guest access
Entire home

Other things to note
Garage and street parking available

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting