URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/17726939
Latitude: 36.1426
Longitude: -86.8401
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
There’s a version of Nashville that most visitors never find. Tree-lined streets with actual sidewalks, a neighborhood bagel shop, barbecue worth the walk, and a greenway that winds past a public golf course. Sylvan Park is that Nashville, and this newly renovated home sits right in the middle of it. Vanderbilt is a mile away. Broadway is a ten-minute ride. But the evenings belong to the rooftop porch and the  plunge pool in the fenced backyard, the part of the trip no one wants to leave.

The space
Some homes are built for looking at. This one is built for being in — together.

The main floor is open and warm, the kind of space where a conversation that starts in the kitchen drifts into the living room without anyone getting up. 

The chef’s kitchen centers around a large island with room to gather, prep, pour a glass of wine, and keep talking. High-end appliances, good lighting, and enough counter space that two or three people can cook side by side without bumping elbows.

The living area flows right off the kitchen — comfortable seating, natural light, and the feeling that everyone is close without anyone being in the way. It’s the room the whole group gravitates toward, and it’s designed to feel that way.

Four bedrooms, four and a half bathrooms. Two kings, two doubles, a queen, and a sleeper sofa. Every bedroom has its own full bathroom, which quietly changes everything — no one negotiates the morning, no one waits, and the grandparents never have to share with the teenagers. 

There's also a private office with its own door — the kind of room that works as a quiet workspace during the day and converts to a fifth sleeping option at night with its sleeper sofa.

An elevator connects the floors. 

That detail matters when you’re traveling with older parents or small children — no one gets left out of any part of the house.

The backyard is fenced, private, and shaded enough to feel tucked away from the rest of the city. 

The heated plunge pool is back here, and on a warm afternoon, it becomes the center of gravity for the whole group. 

A large covered porch with a fireplace runs along the back of the house — the kind of spot where the evening stretches longer than anyone planned.

Then there’s the rooftop porch. It’s where you end up after the rest of the house goes quiet. Cool air, something to drink, and the kind of stillness that only a residential neighborhood can offer at the end of a Nashville day.

All of this sits on a quiet, tree-lined block in Sylvan Park — one of Nashville’s oldest walking neighborhoods. 

Star Bagel is a few blocks away. Edley’s Bar-B-Que is close enough for a lazy lunch. 

Caffé Nonna does Italian that feels like it belongs in a much smaller town. The Richland Creek Greenway and McCabe Golf Course are right here. 

You can walk to a dozen restaurants, a wine shop, coffee, and a Saturday farmers’ market without ever starting the car.

Vanderbilt is a mile down the road. 

Broadway and downtown Nashville are less than ten minutes by car or rideshare. 

But the contrast is the point — you get all of Nashville during the day, and then you come home to a quiet street where the porch light is on, and the pool is still warm.

Driveway parking for two cars. Self-check-in with a keypad so you can arrive on your own time.

The trips that hold families together are rarely the big production ones. 

They’re the ones where the house felt right, and the neighborhood gave everyone something to enjoy — and at the end of the day, there was room for everyone to be together without anyone wishing they had a little more space.

Guest access
Whole house available for your private use. Guest house is separately rented.  Fenced backyard is for your  use only.

Other things to note
Newly renovated with luxurious detailing and design, chefs kitchen, fantastic rooftop porch, private back yard with  plunge pool. Restaurants and greenway two blocks from the front door!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Leslie And Dan
Host User ID: 5627777
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/5627777
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are native Tennesseans and have lived in Nashville for over 25 years.  We love pickleball (playing and teaching!), hiking and meeting new people.  We also love our new home in Sylvan Park and sharing it with guests.  We would love to be your host!
My work: Cornerstone Insurance Services
Speaks French and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
14 years hosting
176 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
14 years of hosting