URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1635508951244874774
Latitude: 36.155189693295654
Longitude: -86.77641870647523
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the perfect Music City getaway in this stylish 1BR/1BA modern condo in the heart of SoBro. Ideal for couples, solo travelers, or business guests, you’ll enjoy beautiful skyline views and access to resort-style amenities including a sparkling pool, state-of-the-art gym, and relaxing fire pits. Just a short walk to Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and the Music City Center. Fast WiFi included—your unforgettable Nashville stay starts here!
STRP#2022056546

The space
Step into this beautifully designed, modern 1BR/1BA condo with stunning city skyline views. Perfect for couples seeking a romantic escape or business travelers needing a sleek, convenient home base, this space blends comfort, style, and ultimate downtown convenience. Located in the heart of South of Broadway (SoBro), you’ll feel inspired and at ease the moment you walk in.

💎 The SoBro Advantage

Resort-Style Amenities: Skip the crowded hotels—enjoy exclusive access to a sparkling community pool, a state-of-the-art fitness center, outdoor fire pits, and a game room with a pool table and large-screen TVs.

Walkable Downtown: You are in one of the best pockets of Nashville. Take a short stroll to Broadway for world-class dining, legendary live music, and vibrant nightlife.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps up to 4)

Primary Bedroom: Plush Queen Bed 👑 – a quiet, private retreat to recharge

Living Area: Comfortable Sleeper Sofa 🛋️ – perfect for an extra guest or flexible sleeping

Bathroom: 1 Full Bathroom with a spacious layout and starter amenities 🚿

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Check-In

You will be given a code specifically created for you to pick up your key fob from the Key Cafe. The key fob will open your unit as well as the doors around the building.

Contactless & Flexible: Arrive anytime after 3 PM—ideal for late-night flights or staggered schedules.

Parking: Downtown is walkable! Paid parking garage on site available if you have a vehicle, or rideshares and scooters are easy to grab right outside.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips

Plant-Based Perfection: Grab a revitalizing superfood bowl at E+ROSE Wellness Cafe 🌿

Broadway (Walkable): Just steps to iconic honky-tonks like Tootsie’s and ACME Feed & Seed 👢

Ascend Amphitheater: Enjoy outdoor concerts under the stars, just a short stroll away

Pristine Environment: Smoke-free property ensures a fresh, clean space for every guest.

🐾 Pet Policy

🚫 No Pets – Strictly pet-free to maintain a pristine, allergy-friendly environment.

Guest access
You will have full access to your unit as well as the amenities throughout the building. 
You will be given a code specifically created for you to pick up your key fob from the Key Cafe. The key fob will open your unit as well as the doors around the building.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
2022056546

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Most useless skill: N/A
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4539 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting