URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/732566627202117678
Latitude: 36.17555
Longitude: -86.74898
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Located just 1.5 miles from downtown, 2 miles from the convention center (Music City Center), 4 miles to Music Row, Vanderbilt, and Belmont, and a block from cool music venues, bars, and restaurants, this home is ideal for both large groups needing to be close to town and for families or groups of friends wanting to escape to a relaxing environment.  With 4 bedrooms and 4.5 bathrooms, this is the perfect set up for friends, families, bachelorette parties or even corporate retreats.

The space
Welcome to The Fitzgerald! A gorgeous, designer home in the heart of East Nashville.  Every thoughtful detail in this home was to make sure our guests have the best experience. From the large dining table, beautiful eat- in kitchen with high-end appliances, 4 large bedrooms with full bathrooms, the "getting ready" room upstairs, and the wrap around front porch. We want our guests to have the best experience and to have everything needed for a perfect Nashville stay. 

The Fitzgerald was both thoughtfully and functionally designed. 

✔ High-Speed Wi-Fi
✔ Air Conditioning
✔ Heating
✔ Free Parking

As you walk up to this historic Victorian, you’ll be drawn to the inviting wrap-around porch.  Open the front door and you’ll know you’re in the right place to create lasting memories.  This home was taken down to the studs and was completely rebuilt and thoughtfully designed to provide the very best stay in Nashville! 

This home is full of bright colors and fun themes to bring upbeat energy to your group, and the kitchen and dining area provide ideal settings to bond over cooking or food from one of our amazing, walkable restaurants.

And, what’s more, is that there is a fun vanity area upstairs where you can get ready with your housemates, whether you’re going out on the town or going out to dinner. This is the perfect spot for your bridal party/ Bachelorette party!

Finally, you can unwind on the wraparound porch or the back deck as your evening winds down or for your morning coffee.  
Our goal is that you make many memories in our home. 

The bedrooms can accommodate 12 people and each have its own mood: 

Bedroom #1 (downstairs, dark blue accents): Queen bed. 
Bedroom #2 (downstairs, green accents): Queen bed and twin over twin adult bunk beds with en suite bathroom.   
Bedroom #3 (upstairs, green and navy accents): Queen bed with en suite bathroom.
Bedroom #4 (upstairs, orange and pink accents): Queen bed, and 2 twin beds each in their corner of the room. 

You'll feel like a Nashville local in this home, right in the 5 Points area of East Nashville—walking distance to everything East. Wake up and take a quick stroll for a coffee at Bongo Java or Barista Parlor. Sit down for breakfast at Snooze, Hearts, or the Frothy Monkey. Go out and take it all in being only 2 miles away from Downtown Nashville. Stay close to home, literally, and enjoy some of the hottest restaurants and bars this city has to offer! Our neighborhood boasts Margot Café and Bar, BarTaco, Edley's BBQ, The Red Door Saloon, 3 Crow Bar, Attaboy, Reunion, Jane’s Hideaway, Lockeland Table, Chopper, Urban Cowboy, Public House, and many others!

The neighborhood is convenient to everything, including I-65 and I-40.  Downtown, Broadway, Music Row, Hillsboro Village, 12 South, and West End are all just a few miles away.  East Nashville is safe, charming, and a great place to walk with your family, friends, or group.  We are also close to most places you’d want to visit as a tourist or as a local, including parks and sports venues.

There is a dedicated parking pad in front of the house and a parking area behind the house, and there is plenty of street parking in the neighborhood.

We are also close to the airport – 8 miles or generally a 20-minute Uber/Lyft.

Guest access
You have full access to the home, as there aren't any shared spaces.

Other things to note
Your hosts are local Nashville residents, so if you need anything during your stay please don't hesitate to reach out. We are here to help!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Angie
Host User ID: 482646049
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/482646049
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
91 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting