URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1382917516774211591
Latitude: 35.94342
Longitude: -86.60431
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Smyrna, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 15
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Spacious, serene, luxurious, unique space. With 8,000 SF(5,500 top floors, 2500 basement area with movie theater, pool table and another kitchen and bathroom with shower near pool area. Private, immaculate, on 10 acres. With a stocked lake, huge chlorine pool, loggia to relax,sauna, gym, rec room, and more. Close to everything, 16 miles to BNA, Nashville 20 miles, MTSU 18 miles. Great for family vacations, retreats, church assembly, gatherings, reunions, celebrations, meetings, teams and more.

The space
Once or if booked DO NOT COME TO OUR HOME UNTIL YOUR CHECKIN DATE AND TIME  or we reserve the right to cancel your reservation. 

Home has 3 floors.
Middle floor-where you enter the home has the master bedroom with a king bed, tv and a comfortable recliner chair as well as a full bathroom with a walk-in doorless shower and a jacuzzi size soaking tub, a kitchen, sauna and swing chairs overlooking the pool, land, lake and waterfall, dining room, living room with tv, huge bonus-rec room with basketball goal, numerous games, books and kids fun items, with lots of windows where you can also overlook the pool, land and lake, a gym, laundry room, another bathroom with a shower and a sitting room with windows to look out over the land from the kitchen where you can Enjoy a nice cup of tea or coffee. 

Top floor has 3 rooms, a living room area with tv and sofa, 2 full bathrooms one inside one of the rooms with 2 beds a twin and full size. Other rooms both have queen size beds. Middle lounge area upstairs has a twins size trundle bed. All rooms have tv’s. 3 air mattresses available(2 twin size and 1 full size) there is room in home to sleep up to 25 comfortably but we only supply bed options for 15 at this time with the air mattresses included for that amount of guests.

Bottom floor-2500 SF basement area goes out to pool area. Has a kitchen, bathroom with shower that goes right out to pool patio and area, movie theater, pool table, disco ball area and huge open space with numerous usages. Please reach out for questions to use to host any types of gatherings. We have the option for only bottom level rental, inquire if interested. We have some tables and chairs and a propane grill that can be rented and can also refer you to any needed vendors. Also reach out if have any questions on longer stays.

There is also a garden(feel free to get what you need if it’s available.) stocked lake, catch and release, must get own bait and poles(closest bait store academy sports and outdoors 4  miles away). Olympic sized pool. Corn hole.

Pool is open mid to end of March- mid October unless specified. Pool has a tanning ledge and then goes to 3 ft, 5ft in middle and 7 feet down by the slide. Chlorine pool. Not heated.

All tv’s are smart tv’s. WiFi available.
Kitchen has tea, coffee maker, blender, everything you need to cook and dine in.

Early check in if available will incur a fee. Feel free to reach out to check and see if the option is available for your check in date on the day of, as we need ample time to clean, as it is a large 8,000 SF home and will all depend on previous guests and times etc. Unless approved please do not arrive at home before your checkin time. 
No late checkouts allowed unless getting with host and host checks if available and approves for a fee if the option is available.

Guest access
Entire home through front door.

Other things to note
Once or if booked DO NOT COME TO OUR HOME UNTIL YOUR CHECKIN DATE or we reserve the right to cancel you and or get the police involved. 
Please see property details and rules, all notes listed. We also offer hourly space rates, message us to inquire. If you don’t see your dates available check with us. Thanks

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Gerald And Nikita
Host User ID: 169222891
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/169222891
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are people of faith, we serve at our local church, and enjoy volunteering in our community. We own a security company and nonprofit foundation. We’re a proud retired military family, and my husband is a Pastor who loves fishing. I’m a Realtor-Investor, Life Coach, and Author, I enjoy gardening, and we love traveling, and spending time with our sons, granddaughter, family, and friends. We believe we’re blessed to be a blessing and that this one life is meant to be lived to the fullest!
Born in the 80s
My work: Entrepreneur
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a few hours
Superhost
7 years hosting
29 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting