URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1229688579364711221
Latitude: 36.13647
Longitude: -86.78692
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Elevated Design - Established Location - Southern Hospitality 

Custom molding, moody accent walls, and luxurious touches — including award-winning Serta mattresses 🛏️ flow throughout this luxury vacation rental. With an open concept kitchen/living and expansive rooftop balcony, your party will enjoy ample space. Nestled between the Gulch, Belmont, 12 South, and hillsboro village, Nashville's best food/bev & shopping districts within a mile and Broadway🎸 is only 5 mins away!

The space
Specially designed for large parties, this 1,750 sqft/4-story home has everything you need! Entertain your party in the open-concept kitchen & living space or spread out in the three large bedrooms. Every room was thoughtfully designed with a fun and luxurious theme :)

🛋️ LIVING ROOM, KITCHEN & DINING 🛋️
Located upon entry on the main floor, this cozy living room is the perfect hangout spot for a family or even a group of 10. It opens to the kitchen, dining space, and a half bath built to mirror the vibrance of a hotel if you're celebrating or the cozy warmth of a luxurious living room if you're relaxing. 

🚻 Half Bath
📺 55” WiFi TV
🔥 Oven & Range
❄️ Refrigerator/Freezer
🍿 Microwave
🍽️ Dishwasher
☕ Drip Coffee Makers
🍞 Toaster
🥂 Glassware & Silverware
🍳 Pots, Pans & Cooking Utensils
🍽️ Farm-style Dining Table

🛏️  SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS - 3 BEDROOMS 🛏️ 
With four hotel-inspired bedrooms, this space was crafted to be beautiful and comfortable. All bedrooms and bathrooms feature linens, towels, and soaps…just like you’d find at a hotel.

• Pillows, Linens, Towels and Sheets 
• Shampoo/Soaps
 
🛏️ Bedroom 1 - (Queen bed - First Floor) 
• Ensuite Bath
• Queen Bed
• Located downstairs from the living room/main entrance

🛏️ Bedroom 2 -  Primary Bedroom (King Bed)
• Ensuite Bath
• King Bed

🛏️ Bedroom 3 - King Bedroom
•  Full Bathroom - Hallway
•  King bed

🛏️ Common Spaces
•  Rollaway beds, pack n’ play available upon request
 
Other than the already mentioned amenities, our home also comes with:
• Autolocking smart locks
• High-Speed Wi-Fi
• Laundry Room with Washer/Dryer

Guest access
A door code is all you'll need to get in! However, we're available 24/7 for anything to make your stay more enjoyable!

Other things to note
✧ HOSPITALITY by MAVEN DESTINATIONS ✧
We are Nashville natives, licensed real estate agents, and hospitality professionals. When you book with us, know you’ll be staying at a home that is thoughtfully decorated, professionally managed, and located in a desirable & established district of Music City.

✧ UNIQUE DOOR CODES✧
At Maven, we take your privacy and security seriously. Each reservation is issued a unique door code for your stay.

✧ NO SHARED SPACES ✧
The home is exclusively yours for the duration of your stay!

✧ ACCIDENTAL DAMAGE INSURANCE ✧
Things happen…so every reservation is covered by our accidental damage insurance policy at no additional charge! 

✧ EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECKOUT ✧
Our standard check in is at 4:00 pm and checkout is at 11:00. However, we know with large parties guests often have widely varying arrival and departure times. We make every effort to accommodate these requests for a small fee. 

✧ NO LOCAL RESERVATIONS ✧
Local reservations are only accepted with prior notice and approval.

✧ NO SMOKING ✧
This is a non-smoking house, so we kindly ask all our guests to refrain from smoking in, or near the home, where it could impact future guests.

✧ GUEST VERIFICATION ✧
Local regulations require us to verify your identity prior to check in (just like hotels). We do this through your booking platform or with a simple check in form where you input a government issued ID.

✧ DEPOSIT ✧
We require a credit card on file (from your booking platform) for a $1,000 damage/vandalism deposit. This is reflected either 1. transparently to you via your booking platform or 2. as an authorization hold on your card which is released after checkout (just like hotels do). This is secondary to our accidental damage insurance, but required because the homes in our portfolio are of exceptional value and are often appointed with top tier furnishings and custom art.

✧ SANITIZATION AND CLEANING ✧
We ALWAYS treat our homes like high-end hotels with dedicated cleaning staff and quality assurance checks because cleanliness is so important to a great stay! With the addition of COVID-19, the heath, safety, and wellbeing of our guests are even more in the spotlight. For these reasons, we use strict disinfection protocol after every stay.

Registration Details
2021083238

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Ashley
Host User ID: 269786762
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/269786762
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville Native - Realtor - Animal Lover

Born and raised in Nashville, and a Realtor since 2009, I have witnessed firsthand the transformation of our quaint country town to the nationally sought-after destination it is today. 

Maven Destinations is my passion project to share intimate local insight, genuine hospitality, and a curated portfolio of homes...in what I consider one of the best cities in the world...with you! I hope you'll join us!
Born in the 80s
My work: Real Estate Agent
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1217 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting