URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/48731638
Latitude: 36.1648
Longitude: -86.7778
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Titan Penthouse - a two-level downtown Nashville condo for groups ready to experience Music City from the top.

- Sleeps 12 | 4 bedrooms | 10 beds | 5.5 baths
- Private hot tub w/ city skyline & stadium views
- Balcony w/ pool table, BBQ grill & outdoor seating
- Full kitchen, washer/dryer &  workspace
- Self check-in via smart lock | Pet-friendly | Long-term stays
- 2 blocks from Broadway | 3rd-floor walk-up, no elevator

The space
At the corner of 3rd Avenue North, between Church and Union Streets, The Titan Penthouse rises above the city on two levels - close enough that Broadway's live music drifts up from the street, far enough removed that your group of up to 12 has space to breathe, a private hot tub, and sweeping stadium and skyline views to come home to. This is Nashville on your own terms.

Living space
The main living area is built for the whole group - a generous seating arrangement, a TV, and a sound system set the tone for pre-show energy or a late-night wind-down. Step outside and the balcony becomes the centrepiece: outdoor seating, a pool table, and a BBQ grill share open-air space with the private hot tub, all framed by city skyline and stadium views that make this the natural gathering point long after the honky tonks close.

Sleeping arrangements
Four bedrooms each connect to their own ensuite bathroom, giving every corner of your group a measure of privacy within the shared home. The penthouse accommodates up to 12 guests across 10 beds. Bed linens, extra pillows, blankets, hangers, and clothing storage are all provided - everything needed to settle in comfortably for a longer stay.

Kitchen & dining
The full kitchen is equipped to handle everything from a quick pre-show breakfast to a proper group meal. You'll find a refrigerator, freezer, mini fridge, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, toaster, and blender alongside cooking basics - oil, salt, and pepper - plus pots and pans, dishes, silverware, wine glasses, baking sheets, barbecue utensils, and coffee on hand. The dining area gives the group a proper place to gather without the hassle of a reservation.

Bathrooms
Five and a half bathrooms mean no bottlenecks on a busy morning. Each is stocked with shampoo, conditioner, body soap, cleaning products, and hot water. A hair dryer and bathtub are also available.

Comfort & essentials
Air conditioning, heating, and ceiling fans keep the penthouse comfortable across seasons. A washer and dryer handle the practicalities of a longer trip. The dedicated workspace - without a separate door - gives remote workers a functional setup without leaving the unit. An iron rounds out the practical essentials. For safety, the property includes a smoke alarm, carbon monoxide alarm, and fire extinguisher. Exterior security cameras are present in common hallway areas only - not inside the unit.

Location
Broadway's honky tonks and music venues are two blocks away. The Music City Center, Bridgestone Arena, and Printer's Alley are all within walking distance. East Nashville, West Nashville, and nearby universities are a short ride out. Paid parking is available off premises, and rideshare pickup from the block is straightforward.

Good to know
The Titan Penthouse is a third-floor walk-up with stair access only - no elevator. Self check-in is handled via smart lock keypad. Pets are welcome. Long-term stays of 28 days or more are permitted. XENOS Guest-Friend manages this property.

Guest access
Self Check in will be provided

This is a 3rd floor walkup unit and does not have an elevator to access the condo.

Other things to note
4 other condos available for rent in this building.  Please inquire should you need additional space for larger groups.
In the middle of all the action Nashville has to offer!  Steps to Broadway and our famous Honky Tonks.  Across from Printer's Alley.  Walking distance to Nissan Stadium and the Convention Center.  Close to all major interstates.  Parking is not offered.  There are several garages on the block that average $40 per 24 hour parking.  
Xenos Luxury Vacation Rentals operates this rental and is available to assist as need. You will have email and phone contacts should you need anything during your stay. 
Xenos is pleased to be the exclusive Short Term Rental partner of Carver Concierge. When you book one of our properties you’ll be able to have Carver Concierge help plan your trip in any way you need – nothing is too big or too small.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: XENOS Guest Friend
Host User ID: 30962240
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/30962240
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My work: Owner / Operator Luxury Vacation Rental Management
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
2635 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting