URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/23480720
Latitude: 36.1333
Longitude: -86.7811
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Look out across the treetops from the rooftop patio, complete with Edison light strands and BBQ. Rest in ultra comfort in king bedroom suites each with private bathrooms. Enjoy the Tennessee sun on the small patio off the living area, socialize in the kitchen isle, wet bar, dining room or just settle down by the 65" 4K Ultra TV in the living room. Guarantee a great stay. Book with confidence for your group when you reserve this new home in an established south side neighborhood, centrally located, minutes to everything Nashville has to offer. STR Permit #2018006160

We have furnished our 3 master bedroom suites with comfortable king beds.  There is also a queen size gel mattress sleeper sofa in the living room.  Our living room holds a 65 inch 4K Ultra TV and the layout of our townhouse allows you to stay connected with everything that is going on whether you are socializing at the kitchen bar, resting on the living room furniture, or eating at the dining room table.  

Our kitchen is equipped for your group to easily prepare meals during your stay.  There is plenty of seating at our 8 seat dining room table plus extra seats at the kitchen bar. A beverage frig at the wet bar can hold sodas, beer and wine leaving room in our large refrigerator for groceries.  A small patio off the living room allows you to easily step outside and enjoy the beautiful Tennessee weather without leaving the main floor.  

To enjoy a larger outdoor space head to the fourth floor roof top for your very own corner patio.  Our rooftop offers a patio bordering the tree tops, with gas grill, Comfort Furniture and lounge chairs.  Our Edison light strands create a great atmosphere.  

We chose our townhouse  because of its larger size, open floor plan, extra windows, beautiful stairway with even more windows, and private unshared driveway. 

This is where we stay during our visits to Nashville, which can offer our guests peace of mind knowing that the owners are continually in touch with the condition of the home they are booking.  Plus we can keep our guest book updated with our latest recommendations on places to go while visiting Music City.  We are always adding extra touches to make our vacation home ready for your 5 star stay.   You will appreciate our planning and attention to detail during your stay.

Guest have access to our entire home, two car garage and a private unshared driveway.

This home is owned by two people who have been self employed in service and retail for almost 30 years.  Our businesses have been built on five star service, and this philosophy continues with our vacation home.  We are available to assist you and answer your questions during your stay. You can contact us via text or email.

We are also contracted with Vivint Security and can communicate through a door bell video camera.  Just ring the doorbell to make contact with us.

WALKABILITY!  Centered in the 8 South, Melrose and 12 South neighborhoods you have multiple coffee shops, live music, watering holes, fast food, ice cream, convenience stores and an amazing choice of restaurants.
Same block as the renowned Zanies Comedy Club.
Great yoga studio next door.

Just 10 minutes to the Nashville International Airport (BNA). Excellent Uber & Lyft availability.  Minutes to downtown, Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, Broadway, Country Music Hall of Fame, Ryman Auditorium and more.  
Our home provides a private, attached two car garage if you are driving to Nashville.  There are also two parking spaces in the driveway.  Plus plenty of free street parking too.

Our team includes a professional maid and linen service and local 24|7 emergency maintenance team, available to help with any issue that may arise during your stay.

The space
We have furnished our 3 master bedroom suites with comfortable king beds.  There is also a queen size gel mattress sleeper sofa in the living room.  Our living room holds a 65 inch 4K Ultra TV and the layout of our townhouse allows you to stay connected with everything that is going on whether you are socializing at the kitchen bar, resting on the living room furniture, or eating at the dining room table.  

Our kitchen is equipped for your group to easily prepare meals during your stay.  There is plenty of seating at our 8 seat dining room table plus extra seats at the kitchen bar. A beverage frig at the wet bar can hold sodas, beer and wine leaving room in our large refrigerator for groceries.  A small patio off the living room allows you to easily step outside and enjoy the beautiful Tennessee weather without leaving the main floor.  

To enjoy a larger outdoor space head to the fourth floor roof top for your very own corner patio.  Our rooftop offers a patio bordering the tree tops, with gas grill, Comfort Furniture and lounge chairs.  Our Edison light strands create a great atmosphere.  

We chose our townhouse  because of its larger size, open floor plan, extra windows, beautiful stairway with even more windows, and private unshared driveway. 

This is where we stay during our visits to Nashville, which can offer our guests peace of mind knowing that the owners are continually in touch with the condition of the home they are booking.  Plus we can keep our guest book updated with our latest recommendations on places to go while visiting Music City.  We are always adding extra touches to make our vacation home ready for your 5 star stay.   You will appreciate our planning and attention to detail during your stay.

Guest access
Guest have access to our entire home, two car garage and a private unshared driveway.

Other things to note
Our team includes a professional maid and linen service and local 24|7 emergency maintenance team, available to help with any issue that may arise during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Wade
Host User ID: 58574876
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/58574876
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Enjoying life. Twirling Michele across Tennessee
I spend too much time: Dancin
I'm obsessed with: Southern lifestyle. Music history
9 years hosting
34 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting