URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1211709010466528291
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 0
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
🎸 Live the Nashville dream in this stylish apartment just a 5-minute walk from Broadway! Step out to explore world-famous honky-tonks, live music, and endless nightlife, then come home to your own interactive music space. 🎶 Play an acoustic or electric guitar, test out the harmonicas, or tap the snare drum—the stage is yours! Perfect mix of comfort, creativity, and convenience for the ultimate downtown stay. 🌟

The space
Cozy Urban Retreat on Broadway with Full Kitchen & Premium Amenities

Welcome to your ultimate city getaway! Nestled in the heart of a vibrant neighborhood, this stylish apartment offers the perfect blend of comfort and convenience, making it an ideal choice for both business travelers and vacationers. Thoughtfully designed with modern touches and homey vibes, you’ll feel right at home from the moment you step inside.

🛋️ Comfortable Living, Elevated

Fully Equipped Kitchen:
Channel your inner chef in our spacious, fully stocked kitchen. Whether you're brewing your morning coffee or preparing a gourmet dinner, you’ll find everything you need at your fingertips—quality cookware, modern appliances, and all the utensils to make dining in a joy.

Refreshing Bathroom:
Step into the sleek, well-appointed bathroom designed for relaxation. Featuring premium skincare and haircare products, it's the perfect space to unwind and start or end your day feeling pampered.

Flexible Sleeping Arrangements:
Designed with your comfort in mind, the apartment accommodates a variety of needs:

Two luxurious queen-size beds

A convertible futon for lounging or extra sleeping space

A queen air mattress for additional guests or extra flexibility

🏙️ Prime Location & Exceptional Amenities

Located  5min walk to Broadway, you'll be steps from local attractions, dining, shopping, and public transport. Explore everything the city has to offer, then return to your private retreat at the end of the day.

🏊 On-Site Perks for the Perfect Stay

✔️ Swimming Pool:
Take a dip or relax poolside—open daily from 10 AM to 8 PM.

✔️ Gym Access:
Stay on top of your fitness routine with access to a modern, on-site fitness center, just a short stroll from your door.

✔️ BBQ Area:
Craving an outdoor meal? Fire up the grill at the communal BBQ area—perfect for casual gatherings and sunny afternoons.

✔️ Underground Gated Parking:
Secure parking one spot is available !

✔️ Early Check-In / Late Check-Out:
Arriving early or leaving late? Add extra flexibility to your stay for $30 each, when available. Just let us know in advance!

🏡 Your Urban Home Away From Home

Whether you're here for work, relaxation, or a bit of both, this well-equipped apartment offers everything you need to make your stay comfortable, convenient, and memorable.

Guest access
Self check-in
Guest access
Please note, to access the pool, you must list all of your guests’ names for each guest you have in your Airbnb Reservation details. This would be a detail you must update on your end.
Guests have access to the entire unit and all of the property’s amenities such as lobby, courtyard, sky lounge, swimming pool & gym are included in this rental. Please, make yourself at home. 

Amenity Access Disclaimer
Please note that while we do our best to ensure all amenities (such as the pool, gym, lounge, etc.) are available during your stay, we are not responsible for any closures due to maintenance, repairs, or building management decisions. These circumstances are beyond our control, and as such, no refunds will be issued for unavailable amenities. We appreciate your understanding.

Other things to note
Thank You for Staying with Us!

We are thrilled to have you as a guest and want to make sure your stay is as enjoyable and comfortable as possible. To help maintain a peaceful and pleasant environment for all, please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our guidelines.

Additional Fees:

Early Check-In Fee: $30 (subject to availability)

Late Check-Out Fee: $30 (subject to availability)

Smoking Fee: $750 (if any smoking is detected inside the unit)

Event/Party Fee: $1,000 (if a party or event is held)

Noise Violation Fee: $500-$1,000 (if noise complaints are made and not resolved)

Please note: Any smoking, parties, or events detected during your stay will result in applicable fees.

Damages:

Any damage to the unit will be professionally assessed and billed to the guest. Please treat the space with care to avoid unnecessary charges.

POOL & COURTYARD GUIDELINES:

Pool Hours: 10:00 AM – 8:00 PM
Courtyard Hours: 10:00 AM – 10:00 PM

No Glass Containers allowed in the pool or pool deck area. Use paper or plastic only.

Glass Breakage: If glass is broken in the pool or pool deck area, you will be responsible for the damages, which could exceed $3,000.

Food is allowed at the pool deck, but never in the pool.

Noise Level: Please be considerate of all residents and keep noise levels low. Loud music is not permitted.

Pets: This is a pet-free community. Pets are not allowed in the pool or courtyard. A $250 fine will be issued if a pet is brought into these areas.

Pool Behavior: No diving, running, rough play, or inappropriate behavior in the pool area.

Guests: Residents may have up to 2 guests at the pool at any time and must accompany them. Family, friends, and cleaners are not allowed in the pool area without the resident present.

Airbnb Guests: Only the guests listed on the reservation are permitted in the pool and amenity areas. Please have your reservation details and photo ID available for verification upon request.

BBQ & CABANAS:

Grills are available on a first-come, first-serve basis. Please ensure you are present at all times while using the grill and clean it after use.

Cabanas may be reserved for $100 for up to 4 hours.

QUIET HOURS:

To ensure everyone’s comfort, quiet hours are from 10:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be mindful of your neighbors during this time and keep noise levels to a minimum.

SMOKING POLICY:

The Burnham is a smoke-free community. Smoking of any kind, including tobacco, vaping, or any other burning products, is strictly prohibited inside the building, on balconies, and in indoor common spaces. Smoking must occur at least 15 feet away from the building.

PARKING:

All parking in the gated garages is assigned. Please ensure you display the correct parking pass corresponding to your assigned space. Unique resident codes are required for access. Unauthorized parking will result in towing.

We greatly appreciate your understanding and cooperation in keeping the building clean, peaceful, and enjoyable for everyone. Should you have any questions or need assistance during your stay, please don't hesitate to reach out. Enjoy your time here!

Severe Weather Notice

Please be advised that we are not responsible for travel disruptions, delays, or cancellations caused by severe weather or other events beyond our control. Our standard cancellation policy will remain in effect in these situations.

For your peace of mind, we strongly recommend purchasing travel insurance to protect your trip in case of unexpected weather or travel issues.

Thank you for your understanding

Registration Details
2018070444

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jo Ann
Host User ID: 405791167
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/405791167
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English and Spanish
Lives in Pembroke Pines, Florida
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
241 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting