URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1358946561848182884
Latitude: 36.1517
Longitude: -86.7963
rental_type: Room in hotel
property_type: HOTEL
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover an intimate and eclectic escape in the heart of Nashville’s iconic Midtown, where energy thrums and history is always in the making. A balance of pioneering grit and elegant glamour, Hotel Fraye honors Nashville’s long standing traditions in an experience that’s its own chapter of a story yet to be told. Let’s write it – together.
With a sparkling outdoor pool, and a delightfully audacious cocktail experience – the 7th-floor rooftop of our hotel was made for getting together.

The space
✨ Why Book Our Official Listing?

✔ Prime Midtown Location - Nestled in one of Nashville’s most vibrant neighborhoods, just minutes from Music Row, Vanderbilt University, and downtown hotspots

✔ Boutique Luxury with Personality - Stylish, artfully designed interiors that blend Southern charm with modern flair—no cookie-cutter hotel vibes here

✔ High-End Dining & Rooftop Bar - Enjoy elevated cuisine and craft cocktails at Gathre, or take in skyline views from the rooftop lounge, Eddie Ate Dynamite

✔ Valet Parking Available - Hassle-free arrival and departure in the heart of the city

✔ Curated Guest Experience - Personalized service and thoughtful touches that make every stay memorable

✔ Close to Live Music Venues - Walkable access to Nashville’s iconic music scene and cultural attractions


✨ Your Queen Room with Two Queen Beds

▶ Our spacious room is designed for up to 4 guests, offering a perfect blend of style and convenience.

▶ Sleeping Arrangements

✔ Two Queen Beds


▶ Room Highlights

✔ Sitting area

✔ Mini-Fridge and Coffee Maker

✔ Flat-screen TV

✔ Air conditioning

✔ Hairdryer


✨ Unmatched Hotel Amenities

▶ Beyond your room, indulge in amazing hotel amenities:

✔ Wellness-Focused Amenities -  Stay balanced with a state-of-the-art fitness center and serene spaces for relaxation

✔ Pet-Friendly Rooms - Bring your furry travel companion along for the adventure

✔ Rooftop pool with city views – unwind in style while soaking up Nashville’s skyline

Guest access
24/7 service, always ready to welcome you.

Other things to note
✨Prime Downtown Nashville Location

▶ Featuring a prime downtown location near Nashville’s best attractions, Hotel Fraye Nashville, Curio Collection by Hilton puts you within walking distance of city's top attractions:

✔ Uncover the enigma behind "The Man in Black" with a visit to The Johnny Cash Museum

✔ Admire finest visual art from local, state, and regional artists, as well as major US and international exhibits at the First Art Museum

✔  Enjoy a fun atmosphere with top-notch performances at Tootsie's "World Famous" Orchid Lounge on Broadway

✔  Peruse the plaques dedicated to country music's finest – from Patsy Cline to Reba McEntire to Alan Jackson – and walk among artifacts like Johnny Cash's guitar and Elvis Presley's "solid gold" Cadillac limo at Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum

✔  Take a tour at Nelson's Green Brier Distillery if you are a fan of Tennessee whiskey and bourbon

✔  Admire  greenhouses, sculpture trails and chromatic flower displays, at the 55-acre Botanical Garden Cheekwood Estate & Gardens, which offers a sanctuary from downtown's bustle. The garden comprises multiple distinct gardens, including one dedicated to boxwoods, another focused on dogwoods, a rose garden, a Japanese garden, an herb garden and one intended to inspire writing that features a small amphitheater for literary events


✨Additional Details

✔ Check-in: 4:00 PM | Check-out: 11:00 AM

✔ Must show a valid photo ID and credit card upon check-in. Please note that all special requests cannot be guaranteed and are subject to availability upon check-in. Additional charges may apply. Guests are required to show a photo ID and credit card upon check-in.

IMPORTANT NOTE: Guests who do not check in as scheduled will be considered a no‑show.

✔ Must be 21+ to rent this room. Only the person's name on the booking will be allowed to check in.

✔ Destination Fee of $25 per day is required at arrival. This includes:
—  Premium guest internet access
—  Daily $25 food and beverage credit for use in all hotel outlets
—  Bicycle rentals

✔ An incidental deposit of $75 + tax per day is required at arrival. This will be collected by credit card. You should be reimbursed within 7 days of check-out. Your deposit will be refunded in full by credit card, subject to an inspection of the property.

✔ On site valet parking available - Valet Parking fee of $54 + tax per night and for Oversize vehicles of $64 + tax per night

✔ Pet-Friendly: Enjoy a pet-friendly stay with us! We welcome your furry companions, ensuring they can join you on your getaway. Please note that a non-refundable pet fee of $75 + tax per stay applies to ensuring a comfortable experience for both guests and pets. Maximum 2 pets per room. Cats and medium size dogs are allowed.

✔  Gathre - chic and modern American restaurant that puts a contemporary twist on classic dishes. Hours: 
— Brunch: Saturday & Sunday 7:00 AM - 2:00 PM
— Brunch: Monday - Friday 7:00 AM - 1:00 PM
— DJ Brunch: Saturday & Sunday 10:00 AM - 2:00 PM
— Dinner: Monday - Saturday 5:00 PM - 10:00 PM
— Happy Hour with Live Music from 3:00 PM - 6:00 PM on Tuesday - Saturday

✔ Eddie Ate Dynamite - glamorous rooftop lounge. Hours:
— Sunday - Thursday: 11:00 AM - 11:00 PM
— Friday - Saturday: 11:00 AM- 12:00 AM
— Food service: 11:00 AM - 10:00 PM Daily

✔ Rooftop Pool - Open to guests from dawn to dusk

✔ Services: Reception 24 Hours, Baggage storage, Express check-in/check-out

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hotel Fraye Nashville Curio Collection
Host User ID: 678502507
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/678502507
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
206 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting