URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1739982755562789602
Latitude: 36.1394
Longitude: -86.8293
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Above West End Rhythm is a home built for groups and musicians! This home features 4 bedrooms plus an additional sleeping room, 5.5 baths, a screened porch, fire pit, and a full recording studio that is available upon request and for an additional fee.

The space
Welcome to the Above Nashville West End Rhythm!

Tucked onto a quiet, tree-lined street in Nashville's Richland-West End, the Above West End Rhythm sits in one of the city's most established residential pockets just off West End Avenue. This is the authentic version of Nashville that gives you the proximity to Music Row, Vanderbilt, and everything that brought you to town while still giving you privacy. 

The home spans ~5,268 square feet across 2 levels, with 4 bedrooms plus an additional sleeping room, 5 beds, 5 full bathrooms, 1 half bath, and sleeping up to 12 guests. Inside, exposed beams, brick, and rich hardwood set a tone you don't often find in a rental. The kitchen anchors the main level with an oversized island and seating that pulls everyone in, flowing into a dining room and multiple living spaces where a group can spread out.

What sets this home apart is the full recording studio, available upon request for an additional fee. For touring artists, writing retreats, or a group chasing an idea that wants to try something new, it's a rare thing to find in a rental — in the one city where it matters most. 

Step outside and the house settles in. A screened porch catches the morning; a ping pong table for guests of all ages to enjoy, a stone fire pit patio takes over after dark, ringed by a private, tree-lined lawn that feels a world away from a city you can reach in minutes. Centennial Park, Vanderbilt, and the restaurants along West End and Charlotte Avenue are all close by — with Music Row and downtown Broadway a short drive when you want the energy, and a quiet street to come home to when you don't.

Room Descriptions
Primary King Bedroom with en suite full bathroom - 2nd Floor
Queen Bedroom with en suite bathroom — 1st floor
Queen Bedroom with en suite bathroom — 2nd floor
Queen Bedroom with en suite bathroom — 2nd floor
Additional sleeping room with Murphy bed with en suite bathroom — 2nd floor

Recording Studio:
A professional recording studio, available by private booking
West End Rhythm's signature feature is an on-site professional recording studio. This is a rare offering in a Nashville rental. The studio is not included in the nightly rate. It remains locked and unavailable unless reserved separately and in advance through Above's concierge team, who arranges access, engineering, and pricing on a per-session basis. Book a few hours or a full day. The residence is fully complete and comfortable whether or not you add a session. The studio is an enhancement, never a requirement.

The Above Vacation Residences Difference

Luxury & Concierge Services: Enjoy unforgettable service from our attentive staff, luxury spa amenities, soft linens, and more. Our Concierge Managers cater to your needs, creating unique experiences tailored to your stay.

House Manager: Your personal House Manager will greet you upon arrival, ensure daily refreshes, and be available 24/7 to guarantee a 5-star experience.

Curated Residences: In a sea of sparsely furnished rental properties, our homes stand ABOVE, as many are primary residences. Each is meticulously cared for and furnished, offering top-tier amenities and decor. Combined with concierge services, each stay feels uniquely local. Please note that some spaces will be locked and owner belongings may be present.

Cleaning Standards: We follow strict CDC/VRMA disinfecting protocols, focusing on high-touch areas.

Disclaimer: Room configurations, decor, and contents may have changed since photos were taken. Recording studio access is available by request and approval, subject to an additional fee.

Booking Info: All bookings must be pre-approved. "Click to book" is a request, not a confirmation, ensuring alignment with Homeowner and Guest expectations.

Pets: Pets are considered at this property pending Owner approval prior to arrival. There is a pet fee of $500 to cover extra cleaning. Any damages due to a Guest pet will be charged against Guest deposit.

No events or outside vendors are permitted that will exceed the capacity of the house without written pre-approval from ABOVE Vacation Residences.

Important: We do not rent to groups or events that may disrupt the neighborhood. Final approval follows a conversation ensuring respect for neighbors and house rules. NO DISRUPTIVE GUESTS.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brian Joseph
Host User ID: 210733801
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/210733801
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
ABOVE Vacation Residences 
 
Who We Are.

Over the years, ABOVE has quietly become the go to leader for connecting the most discerning guests, with private luxury properties. Founded on the promise of exclusivity and complete privacy, ABOVE manages only the country’s finest and most exclusive homes and estates available for lease.  

ABOVE’s concept and unique approach to home and estate rentals can only be found in the management of the world's pinnacle and iconic hotels.  Our process is designed to match the most discerning guests, with the appropriate homeowners, whilst delighting both through our unique and proprietary experiences.

How We Are Different.

Each home represented can only be approved by our Standards Selection Board, in turn most home applications received are not able to join ABOVE. This intense, 250-point process insures our homes meet ABOVE’s strict and uncompromising luxury standards.  This impartial, standards driven, demanding process separates ABOVE from the all vacation rental companies today.  Tight and uncompromising controls gives our guests the quality, confidence, and comfort they require.  

Formed by three luxury hospitality veterans, and guided by a private 5-Diamond hotel company, ABOVE’s guests and owners appreciate the uncommonly high level of standardization of amenities, concierge and travel services, event planning, and that true attention missing in today's vacation property experiences.

If you and your group are looking for an exceptional level of quality and experience in a vacation rental, we invite you to visit our signature homes. 

If you are an owner of a unique and one-of-a-kind property that would like to apply to the ABOVE portfolio, please reach out to us. 

We would love to hear from you. 

ABOVE-Curators of Exceptional Guest & Owner Experiences.
My work: Hospitality Pro
Favorite song in high school: Come on Eileen
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
161 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting