URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1656023419840310398
Latitude: 36.13733993956934
Longitude: -86.80292163782747
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Belcourt by AvantStay! This bright one-bedroom hideaway sits in the heart of Hillsboro Village, where morning coffee, indie bookstores, and the historic theater it's named for are all just steps from the door.

☕ Walkable to Pancake Pantry, Biscuit Love & Belcourt Theatre
🍳 Full kitchen, in-unit laundry & central heating/air
🌆 Shared outdoor terrace with elevator access

The space
Hillsboro Village runs on a rhythm all its own — part college-town energy from neighboring Vanderbilt and Belmont, part old-Nashville character in its brick storefronts and tree-lined blocks. Belcourt sits right in the thick of it: a modern one-bedroom home that trades the churn of downtown for a neighborhood where you can walk to your morning coffee, your favorite bookstore, and a movie at the historic theater that shares its name.

Inside, the space keeps things bright and easy. Warm wood tones, curated art, and clean, comfortable furnishings give it a lived-in polish — somewhere you'll want to linger rather than just crash after a long day. The full kitchen is stocked to handle a real meal or a late-night snack after a night out, and the living area is built for slow mornings and unhurried evenings, whether you're streaming something or catching up with the people you came with.

In-unit laundry, central heating and air, and a set of thoughtful everyday touches make the home as comfortable for a longer stay as a quick weekend. Downstairs, the building's shared outdoor terrace gives you a relaxed place to sit with a coffee or take in the evening air, and elevator access keeps coming and going effortless.

Then there's the neighborhood itself, which does most of the work. Pancake Pantry — the Nashville breakfast institution people happily line up for — is right around the corner, with Biscuit Love a short stroll the other way. Independent boutiques, coffee shops, and record stores fill the blocks in between, and Belmont Mansion sits just up the road for an easy afternoon of history. Music Row and Vanderbilt are minutes away, and when you're ready for honky-tonks and live music, Broadway and downtown are a quick drive across town.

Belcourt puts you where Nashville actually lives — walkable streets, real local character, and the city's creative pulse always just outside the door.

While all units provide the same great amenities and overall experience, each space has its own unique layout and décor. Some units include balconies that overlook the terrace, while some include outdoor spaces that lead directly to the terrace. The exact unit you receive may vary slightly from the photos.

Whether you’re visiting Nashville for live music, a university event, a weekend getaway, or an extended stay, Belcourt places you right in the middle of one of the city’s most dynamic neighborhoods—where walkable streets, local flavor, and Nashville’s signature energy are always just outside your door.

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- This unit has a private balcony.

Parking Details:

• Parking is available for a flat $14/day with in/out privileges when you register your vehicle on your check-in day before arriving at the garage.
• Park only in the gated section of the garage. Enter via the ramp on Belcourt Avenue directly across from the Belcourt Theatre at 2111 Belcourt Ave, between Blo and Anzie Blue. Do not enter or park in the garage section accessed from the back alley. Your parking registration is not valid there, and you may receive a ticket.

Registration Details
2024030518

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting