URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/15342576
Latitude: 36.0758
Longitude: -86.7396
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 9
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Dog-friendly Nashville rental in Crieve Hall — 4BR / 2BA sleeps 9 with The Lounge basement: full bar with fridge, karaoke system, live instruments (guitar, mics, tambourine, bongos), surround sound, extra-large sectional, convertible king daybed. Covered gazebo patio with outdoor speakers, charcoal grill, fire pit, large fenced yard. 6.5 mi to Downtown, 7 mi to BNA. Best for bachelorette/bachelor parties, family reunions, multi-couple trips. Dog-friendly (1 dog, fee applies).

The space
Welcome to Magnolia, brought to you by Music City Magnolia. A Nashville vacation rental in Crieve Hall — 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, sleeps 9. Best for family reunions, multi-couple trips, dog-friendly stays.

WHAT MAKES IT SPECIAL
• The Lounge basement — full bar, karaoke, live instruments (guitar, mics, tambourine, bongos), surround sound
• 4 private sleeping rooms upstairs for retreat + entertainment downstairs for night owls
• Dining for 9: breakfast bar seats 3 + table seats 6
• Covered gazebo patio with outdoor speakers, charcoal grill, fire pit, fenced yard

LAYOUT
4 bedrooms, 2 baths. 4 private rooms (the 4th has a converted king bed). Single-story main level; The Lounge is in the basement (stairs required to access lounge). The upstairs layout keeps all sleeping rooms together for privacy, while the entertainment space stays downstairs — so anyone ready to retreat can, and the night owls can keep it going. Washer/dryer is in the locked garage (with private owner storage and security camera) and is available by request for longer stays only.

PARKING & PETS
Parking: Free driveway parking on property. Dog-friendly with dog fee (1 dog).

IMPORTANT TO NOTE
Check-in: 4:00 PM via contactless door code. Door code and arrival instructions are sent at 11:00 AM on arrival day. Check-out: 11:00 AM. Rental Agreement must be e-signed before your door code activates. Properties are typically booked back-to-back; early check-in and late check-out cannot be accommodated. No luggage drop-off. Exterior security cameras are in place for your safety. Locked owner/supply closets are off-limits. Quiet hours 10 PM – 7 AM (Nashville ordinance).

Guest access
Guests have full access to all 4 bedrooms, the full kitchen and living space, fenced outdoor space, fire pit. Parking: Free driveway parking on property. Dog-friendly with dog fee (1 dog). Locked owner/supply closets are off-limits. Exterior security cameras are in place for your safety.

Other things to note
Primary Bedroom features an extremely comfortable, extra deep, pillow top queen size mattress, Smart TV (Roku), blackout shades, ceiling fan, full closet, dresser/vanity, chest of drawers, and en-suite bathroom with a beautiful frameless glass shower.

King Guest Room features a king-size bed with an organic mattress, blackout shades, a ceiling fan, a Smart TV (Roku), bedside charging stations, luggage racks, a full closet, and a chest of drawers. 

Queen Guest Room features a queen-size bed, blackout shades, ceiling fan, bedside charging stations, a small desk, Smart TV (Samsung Live), luggage rack, and a dresser. No closet is available in this room, however, a hanging station and wooden hangers are available on the backside of the entry door.

King Converted Room features a king-size bed, blackout shades, bedside fans, a hanging rack, luggage rack, and Smart TV (Roku). 

This house's true 4th Bedroom is zoned in the basement lounge, the largest room in the house, which is used as the main entertainment/bar/gathering space. A large sectional and a convertible daybed (king) are available in this room, however, the closet is not open for guest use. Privacy and comfort are extremely important to us, so rather than utilize The Lounge as a bedroom, we created a separate space upstairs - where everyone can have their own large, private, sleeping quarters - and all guest accommodations and bathrooms are on the same floor. That way, night owls can enjoy The Lounge and outdoor space without disturbing the rest and relaxation of others in their group.

Hallway bath includes a combination tub and shower, Alexa music, additional towels, first-aid items, iron and ironing board, steamer, hairdryer, and small spa toiletries. 

The kitchen features stainless steel appliances, dishwasher, toaster, coffee pot (Standard drip pot), coffee bean grinder, fresh whole bean coffee, mini creams, sugar packets, teas, tea kettle, spice rack, blender, food processor, crockpot, cooking/baking essentials, many kitchen and bar accessories, Alexa music, a large table and a granite breakfast bar with seating for 9.

The Lounge (main entrance) features a full bar with refrigerator (stocking services available separately), microwave, glassware, cocktail shakers, bar set, an extra-large sectional couch, and a convertible sofa bed (king), SmartTV, full YouTube TV Cable with Amazon Prime, and Apple TV pre-connected, Alexa music, surround sound, karaoke, instruments (guitar, microphones, tambourine, bongos), AUX hookup, grilling-utensils, books and games. The Closet and garage are NOT available to guests, there is NO washer/dryer access except for weekly stays or with special permission. 

The patio features outdoor solar Bluetooth speakers, a covered gazebo, a built-in charcoal grill, a separate fire-pit, and a large, fenced/shaded, backyard.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Music City Magnolia
Host User ID: 67994775
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/67994775
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! We’re, Music City Magnolia, Loni & Jenn: live music enthusiasts, foodies, nature lovers, and Your Local Guides to the Heart of Nashville. We’re more than just hosts; we’re your ticket to an authentic local experience. Our handpicked homes offer unexpected amenities, welcome gifts, and a dash of sweet magnolia style. Explore our city with insider tips and off-the-beaten-path recommendations, all delivered with true Rock-N-Rental hospitality!
My work: Music City Magnolia LLC
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
2442 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting