URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1240102935851341476
Latitude: 36.1456
Longitude: -86.7924
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into the heart of Music City at Let ’Er Buck, a show-stopping 2-bedroom, 2-bath retreat located on the world-famous Music Row—arguably the best address in Nashville. This stylish third-floor condo sleeps up to 8 guests and places you just minutes from Broadway’s legendary honky-tonks, live music, and neon-lit nightlife, while still offering a luxe escape from the crowds. You're going to love it here!

The space
Surrounded by the studios where country music legends recorded their biggest hits, Let ’Er Buck puts you right in the middle of Nashville’s story. Walk past iconic murals, historic recording studios, and buzzing creative spaces where today’s artists still make music magic. From here, you’re moments from the Ryman Auditorium, the Country Music Hall of Fame, Bridgestone Arena, and some of the city’s best local dining and shopping. With its one-of-a-kind, high-end Western-inspired design, this condo isn’t just a place to stay—it’s part of the Nashville experience.

Highlights:
- Living Spaces: Every room in this unit is the perfect backdrop for photos. Enjoy elegance and comfort on new furnishings, fireplace, and views in the condo itself, plus additional common areas in the Club House that include a pool table, kitchen (appliances, utensils, etc provided sans cooking oil), ample seating and large patios. See the Nashville skyline from the rooftop!
- Sleeping Arrangements: The master bedroom boasts a plush king-size bed, while the second bedroom offers a unique queen-over-queen bunk bed. A sleeper sofa in the living room provides extra space for larger groups.
- Bathrooms: Enjoy the luxury of two bathrooms. The primary bath includes a sleek, walk-in shower, while the second bath features a convenient tub/shower combo.
- Modern Kitchen: Cook in the fully equipped kitchen featuring sleek appliances and all the essentials needed for preparing meals at home (no cooking oil provided).
- Outdoor Oasis: Relax and take in the fresh air on your private deck, an ideal spot for morning coffee or evening cocktails. Enjoy a shared rooftop in the Crescendo Building with views of the skyline, indoor dining spaces, pool tables, shared kitchen, gym, and more.
- Onsite pool open daily from 8am-8pm May-Oct 31st.

Additional Perks:
- New Construction: Be among the first to experience the stylish design and contemporary amenities of this newly built home.
- Prime Location: Situated directly on Music Row in a vibrant neighborhood, you're just moments away from Nashville’s best dining, entertainment, and cultural attractions. Please note as Nashville continues to grow, nearby construction is common and may be present during your stay.
- Parking: You’ll have access to free onsite parking for one car in the gated garage, available on a first-come, first-served basis. If the garage is full, there’s additional reduced-fee parking just behind the building.

Let Er Buck is conveniently located on Music Row, in the heart of all of the recording studios, providing easy access to a variety of top attractions & a real possibility of seeing your favorite country artist. 

Here are some highlights near your stay:
Broadway / Honky Tonks – ~2 miles
Ryman Auditorium – ~2.3 miles
Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum – ~2.1 miles
Bridgestone Arena – ~2.2 miles
Nissan Stadium – ~2.8 miles
Centennial Park – ~2.2 miles
Vanderbilt University – ~0.7 miles
Belmont University – ~0.6 miles
The Gulch – ~1.5 miles

These attractions provide a mix of music, culture, history, and entertainment, all within a short distance. We’re also within walking distance of several coffeeshops and restaurants.

If you have any questions about the condo or location please let us know, we’re happy to assist and look forward to hosting you! 

Presented by Injoy Nashville: Experience Your Stay

Guest access
SMART LOCK

Registration Details
2024072932

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: InJoy Vacations
Host User ID: 425884247
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/425884247
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
InJoy Vacations proudly offers a selection of high-quality condo rentals in Panama City Beach, FL & Nashville, TN. We are a locally owned and operated business, and we love to share our community with owners and guests. Our goal is to provide exceptional vacation experiences to visitors, and we’ve perfected our craft. Many of our guests choose to return year after year.
My work: InJoy Vacations
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
4505 reviews
4.73 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting