URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/690581763125031037
Latitude: 36.1148
Longitude: -86.7821
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Settle into this inviting 700-square-foot Nashville apartment featuring two private bedrooms with one king and one queen bed. Enjoy a comfortable living room, two smart TVs, WiFi, heating and air conditioning, and a convenient kitchenette with a refrigerator, microwave/oven/air fryer combo, Keurig coffee maker, toaster, and wine glasses. Dedicated parking, an entry porch, a shared backyard, and a prime location near 12 South, Music Row, and The Gulch make this an ideal Nashville base.

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.

ACCESS TYPE:
▻ Guests have access to the entire apartment and shared backyard. This is an above-garage apartment; the homeowner lives in the main house on-site.

PROPERTY LAYOUT
FIRST FLOOR
▻ GARAGE: GUESTS DO NOT HAVE ACCESS TO THIS SPACE

SECOND FLOOR
▻ Living Room – Insignia smart TV, sofa
▻ Kitchenette – mini refrigerator, microwave/oven/air fryer combo, garbage disposal, Keurig coffee maker, toaster, wine glasses
▻ Bedroom 1 – 1 × queen bed, closet
▻ Bedroom 2 – 1 × king bed, Samsung smart TV
▻ Bathroom – toilet, shower, dual vanity
▻ Entry Porch

HIGHLIGHTS
▻ Two private bedrooms — 1 king and 1 queen
▻ Single-level apartment
▻ Kitchenette with mini fridge, Keurig, microwave/oven/air fryer combo, and toaster
▻ Two smart TVs and property-wide WiFi
▻ Entry porch for relaxing outdoors
▻ Shared backyard access
▻ Two dedicated parking spaces plus free street parking
▻ Minutes from 12 South, Music Row, and Vanderbilt University

DISCLAIMER
▻ Home is in close proximity to 440 Pkwy, Highway noise may not be suitable for sensitive sleeper.

ACCESSIBILITY
▻ Single-level apartment with all spaces on one floor. The unit itself is located above the garage and exterior stairs are needed to enter the unit.

Guest access
PARKING
▻ The property has 2 dedicated outdoor parking spaces in front of the garage. Free street parking is also available.

ENTERING THE HOME
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In.

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES:
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee.
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 USD applies for local guest bookings.
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs.
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500.
▻ NO pets allowed. Undisclosed pets will result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

By booking this property, you agree to follow all rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation.

POLICIES:
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available).
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access.
▻ Late Check-Out – Late check-out is not guaranteed and requires host approval. Standard checkout applies unless approved. To guarantee a later stay, book the next night if available. Unauthorized late check-outs incurs violation fees.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ Pet Policy – NO pets allowed. Undisclosed pets will result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.
▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy.
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item)
▻ Cancellation - Cancellation refunds will be based on your booking's cancellation policy
▻ There are exterior cameras installed above the front doors, overlooking the entrance. It is on and recording 24/7 to help ensure the safety of you and the property during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1661 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting