URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1347039203035994446
Latitude: 36.1943
Longitude: -86.7635
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Top-floor 1BR in East Nashville with rooftop-deck views, minutes from downtown and Nissan Stadium. Sleeps 6 with a king bed, sleeper sofa and twin cots. Fully equipped kitchen, in-unit laundry, free on-site parking, fast WiFi and self check-in with keypad. No pets, no parties.

The space
Welcome to your Stylish Nashville Sanctuary! 🎻

Elevate your Nashville adventure in this meticulously designed, top-floor retreat. Boasting a cool, moody designer vibe and modern luxury at every turn, this 1-bedroom apartment is the perfect home base for those seeking a sophisticated yet cozy Music City experience. Whether you’re here for the legendary live music, the viral food scene, or a quiet professional escape, this space delivers an inspiring atmosphere from the moment you walk through the door.

💎 The East Nashville Advantage:

The Rooftop Escape: Don’t just see the city—feel it. Our shared rooftop offers the perfect backdrop for sunset drinks or pre-game group photos with stunning views of the surrounding neighborhood.

Flexible Group Logistics: Unlike most 1BR units, we’ve designed this space for maximum flexibility. With a plush King bed, a Queen-size sleeper sofa, and two additional twin cots, your group can stay together without sacrificing comfort.

Ultimate Convenience: Skip the expensive downtown parking lots. Enjoy dedicated FREE on-site parking and an in-unit washer/dryer, ensuring your stay is as seamless as it is stylish.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown:

Bedroom 1: 1 Plush King Bed 👑 (Your private, quiet retreat)

Living Area: 1 Queen-size Pull-Out Sofa + 2 Twin Cots (stored in the bedroom closet) 🛌🛌 (Flexible sleeping for up to 6 guests)

Bathroom: 1 Modern Full Bathroom with premium fixtures

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Check-In:
We make your arrival completely stress-free so your vacation starts the second you pull up.

Digital Keyless Entry: You will receive a unique, secure code at least 48 hours prior to your check-in. No keys to share or lose.

Contactless & Effortless: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—perfect for late-night flight arrivals.

Parking Situation: Enjoy the rare Nashville luxury of dedicated, free on-site parking included with your stay. 🚗

📍 Local Favorites & Tips (The Ultimate Nashville Guide):

Viral Eats & Local Hotspots:

NADC Burger: Jelly Roll’s favorite Wagyu burger is a must-try local legend. 🍔

Folk: Incredible wood-fired pizzas and seasonal plates just 5 minutes away.

Locust: A high-end local favorite for dumplings and seafood.

Mas Tacos Por Favor: The beloved local taco joint you can't miss. 🌮

The Pharmacy: Famous burgers and a stunning beer garden vibe.

Hattie B’s: The iconic Nashville hot chicken experience. 🔥

E+ROSE Wellness Cafe: Your go-to for revitalizing plant-based bowls and smoothies. 🌿

The Twelve Thirty Club: A sophisticated, multi-level dining and music experience downtown.

Major Sporting & Concert Venues:

Nissan Stadium: Home of the Titans and the city's biggest concerts (8 mins away). 🏟️

Bridgestone Arena: Catch the Predators or a world-class arena show (10 mins away).

GEODIS Park: The massive, new home for Nashville SC soccer matches.

First Horizon Park: Enjoy a Nashville Sounds baseball game under the city lights.

Iconic Concert Venues:

Ryman Auditorium: The "Mother Church" of country music (10 mins away). 🎸

Grand Ole Opry: A 15-minute drive to the show that made country music famous.

Ascend Amphitheater: Beautiful outdoor concerts right on the Cumberland River.

The Bluebird Cafe: The legendary listening room for Nashville’s top songwriters. 🎶

Top Golf Courses:

Hermitage Golf Course: Voted the #1 public course in the state. ⛳️

Gaylord Springs Golf Links: A challenging and beautiful par-72 course.

Shelby Park Golf Course: A great local course just 10 minutes from your door.

Grocery & Essentials:

Kroger: The nearest practical grocery option for all your essentials (5 mins away). 🛒

The Turnip Truck: Your go-to for organic and local East Nashville groceries.

Publix in the Gulch: A great high-end grocery stop on your way into the neighborhood.

🐾 Pet Policy:

No Pets: This property is a strictly pet-free environment to ensure a pristine, allergy-free space for all guests. 🚫🐕

Guest access
You will have access to the unit, parking and rooftop. We will issue you a code at least 48 hours prior to your check in.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting