URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/981918147239819342
Latitude: 36.15099
Longitude: -86.77843
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Bee our guest at the Music City BeeHyve, a luxury condo within walking distance of Broadway and featuring a private balcony with a bee-utiful view of Nashville’s skyline. With its open layout and modern design, the condo employs a subtle, tasteful décor theme of bees and honey, balancing the splendor of a luxury hotel with the simple comforts of a log cabin. And true to its name, the BeeHyve can offer honey to its guests directly from a local beekeeper. Ask your hosts for availability!

The space
With 3 beds that can accommodate 6 guests, this unit is ideal for business travelers, couples, and families looking for comfortable bedding, high-speed WiFi, quick and easy access to downtown Nashville, or Hyve’s wide range of amenities, including a seasonal pool, on-site security, and a courtyard with fire pits, a grill, a ping pong table. The BeeHyve is also decked out with a fully-equipped kitchen, an in-unit washer/dryer set, and an ample amount of indoor and outdoor seating.

Right around the corner, you’ll find fun at Bad Axe Throwing, incredible city views from Fogg Street’s rooftop, delicious local beer at Tennessee Brew Works, live music at the Blue Room, intimate ambiance at the Blind Barber speakeasy, or tasty Bloody Marys at Two Hands!

★ Primary Bedroom has a queen-size bed.
★ Secondary Bedroom has a queen-size bed.
★ Living Room has a sofa with a queen-size pull-out mattress and a smart TV.
★ Full Bathroom with shower-tub and double vanity.
★ In-unit laundry room with washer/dryer set, pool towels, umbrellas, and pool tote bags. 

This condo is located on the 3rd floor of the 6-story Hyve building. At Hyve, you can enjoy the comforts of a luxury condo and its amenities – concierge, security presence, a seasonal pool, a 24/7 state-of-the-art gym, a co-working space, and more – while being positioned only four blocks away from Broadway. You can spend your stay exploring the riches of downtown Nashville without ever needing to step into a car, or you can gather friends and family together to enjoy Hyve’s lounge areas, community grills, and views of the city from the unit’s private balcony. This spacious unit also includes a fully equipped kitchen, stocked with coffee, tea, and condiments. Whether you leave or stay, Hyve has everything you need for an unforgettable trip to Music City.

Guest access
Guests may come and go as they please with seamless self-check-in via smart locks (utilizing the Latch App). Full access instructions are provided two days before arrival.

PARKING 
The building offers a free, secured parking garage on the upper level for guests and owners, with 34 spaces available on a first-come, first-serve basis (we kindly ask to limit to one vehicle per reservation). An on-site paid public parking garage can be found on the lower level. In this public garage, Hyve guests can park for a flat rate of $20. Free street parking is also available. EV Charging is now available in both garages.

If you arrive using a ridesharing service, you should be dropped off in front of the building on 7th Ave S. Use the ramp/walkway to access the lobby, then use the Latch App to open the lobby door. If we are not present to greet you, locate the elevator and take it to your unit for self check-in.

Other things to note
🧳 Complimentary luggage storage is available with our on-site concierge, Thursday to Monday. from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Cleaners cannot hold luggage inside units. No luggage storage is available Tuesday and Wednesday, however, our neighbor Tennessee Brew Work can hold luggage for free (if you buy a drink or food),  starting at 10AM for guests who need storage on these days. 

🅿️ The building offers a free, secured parking garage on the upper level for guests and owners, with 34 spaces available on a first-come, first-serve basis (we kindly ask to limit to one vehicle per reservation). An on-site paid public parking garage can be found on the lower level. In this public garage, Hyve guests can park for a flat rate of $20. Free street parking is also available. EV Charging is now available in both garages.

🔒 Smart locks are utilized through the Latch App. Guests will be invited to download the app before your stay. An email is required on file for Latch access.

👮‍♂️ Security is present on-site daily from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 a.m.

🌐 High speed Wi-Fi is available for free in all units and all common areas, including a lounge/co-working space that is perfect for remote work.

🏊🏼 A seasonal pool is open March 1 through October, every day from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. The pool is heated during cooler months. The courtyard closes at 10:00 p.m. The gym is open 24/7.

📍 The Hyve building is centrally located. While the building features excellent soundproofing, some noises may be audible, such as other guests, sirens, nearby freight trains, music, and construction. Earplugs are provided, and the building observes quiet hours between 10:00 p.m. and 7:00 a.m. However, noise-sensitive guests may prefer a location further from downtown.

🎡 Nearby attractions are pictured in the listing. All depicted places are within walking distance or less than 5 minutes by car.

🏓 All Hyve guests have access to building and community amenities, but we cannot guarantee their cleanliness, maintenance, repair, or availability. We will inform the HOA of any issues but assume no responsibility.

🚭 This is a smoke-free environment. Smoking is prohibited throughout the building, including the courtyard, pool, and condo balconies.

🐕 This is a pet-friendly building; however, the owner of this unit does not allow pets.

👩‍👧‍👧 Families can be provided with a pack 'n play, hook-up chair, baby gate (for units with stairs), play-mat, and toys, at no additional charge. Ask your host for availability.

🧴 Supplies are provided, including trash bags, toilet paper (2 rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. Additional amenities will be at the cost of the guests.

*Please note that the area is home to a diverse community, including individuals who may seek assistance from a nearby shelter.

*Noise can be expected from neighbors, bars on 7th Ave, or the train tracks located by the pool and courtyard (on the opposite side of the condo).

*We thoroughly inspect each property before every stay to ensure everything is working properly. If you experience a maintenance issue during your stay, please let your host know as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve the issue promptly, but please note that repair times may be subject to contractors' availability.

 About Humming Host:
★ Impeccable: Experience top-tier professionalism from the start.
★ Impactful: Committed to sustainability with reusable K-cups and donation programs.
★ Inclusive: Celebrating diversity, equity, and inclusion for all.
★ Inviting: Dedicated to comfort and design, with a personal welcome gift and constant availability.

Book Now for a Memorable Nashville Experience!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
My work: Humming Host’s CEO
Most useless skill: I can juggle
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2658 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting