URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1200749178209582396
Latitude: 36.158
Longitude: -86.8148
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This professionally designed studio is minutes from Nashville’s top venues and 2 miles from Broadway - perfect for concerts and couples’ getaways.

Enjoy reserved parking, easy self-check-in, a fully stocked coffee station, high-end finishes, a spacious walk-in shower, and a comfortable home base close to it all.

7 mins ➟ Broadway / Bridgestone / Ryman 🎶
10 mins ➟ Music Row / 12 South 🛍️
15 mins ➟ Opryland 🎸
15 mins ➟ Nashville Airport (BNA) ✈️

The space
The studio sits on the third floor with a great city view at night. 

Please note that the building does not have an elevator! It is not suitable for guests who cannot walk up 2 flights of stairs. Stairs are exterior and do have a banister.

BRAND NEW Vannie's Table (@vannies.table) is located directly across the street and Birria Babe (@birriababenash) Food Truck is parked outside the complex on weekends! Retrograde Coffee, AROI by Smiley Thai, Swett’s Soul Food, and Blackstone Brewing are also all within walking distance. For Broadway and most other venues, rideshare or scooter/bike gets you there in minutes.

If you're looking to veg-out, the living room has a mounted rotatable TV with complimentary Apple TV, Netflix, and Peacock. You can access your personal Hulu and all other accounts through the Roku.

Why Guests Love Their Stay:
• Exceptionally clean and thoughtfully stocked
• Quiet neighborhood with easy access to venues
• Comfortable bed and spa-like walk-in shower
• Seamless self-check-in with smart keypad access
• Feels like a home - not just a place to sleep

"The house and bathroom and kitchen were truly clean, better than a 5 star hotel." - Shiva, July '26

"The unit itself was spotless, the dishes were clean, the bathroom was pristine." - Ana, June '26

"This host thought of EVERYTHING! And I'm hard to please.. we own a cleaning company." - Cristeena, April '26

Guest access
We will program a personal entry code for you to use during your visit. This code is unique to you and will only be active during your stay, adding a level of security and convenience for every guest.

You’ll receive your code and detailed check-in instructions prior to arrival, so you can come and go on your schedule, no keys or meetups required.

You’ll have full, private access to the studio, one reserved parking space in the complex lot, and additional free street parking nearby during your stay.

Other things to note
• If you plan to use the sofa sleeper, please let me know in advance so I can have it prepared.

• While a few nearby spots are walkable, most attractions and music venues are best reached by rideshare, scooter, or bike.

• You’ll be minutes from Nashville’s top concert venues, including the Broadway entertainment district, Bridgestone Arena, and the Ryman - making this a great home base for show nights.

• The location is also convenient for Vanderbilt, Belmont, TSU, Fisk, and several major hospitals, making it a great option for extended stays or travel professionals.

Registration Details
2024080156

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kristen - HausTN Rentals, LLC
Host User ID: 52559841
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/52559841
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I’m Kristen, your host at HausTN. Originally from St. Louis, I moved to Nashville in 2019 and love seeing this city grow. Exploring new bars and restaurants is my favorite hobby, and I’m always happy to share recommendations! Outside of hosting, I’m a former pro athlete, marketing director and artist - you’ll even see one of my paintings in the living room. Having traveled the world on Airbnb, I’m excited to make your stay here unforgettable!
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Murray State University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
283 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting