URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1366773436822180670
Latitude: 36.146
Longitude: -86.8133
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in this charming 2-bedroom, 2-bath apartment, ideally located near Vanderbilt,  just steps from the iconic Parthenon and Centennial Park in the heart of Nashville.
STRP#2025.015882

The space
Experience the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in this charming 2-bedroom, 2-bath apartment, ideally located just steps from the iconic Parthenon and Centennial Park in the heart of Nashville.

just steps from the iconic Parthenon and the lush green space of Centennial Park. Surrounded by local restaurants, cafés, music venues, Nightclubs (Perfect for folks who want to be in the heart of one of Nashville's most vibrant neighbourhoods), and shops, you’ll be right in the heart of one of Nashville’s most walkable and vibrant neighborhoods.

This thoughtfully designed space offers a warm and inviting atmosphere, perfect for travelers seeking a cozy retreat after exploring Music City. Each bedroom features plush bedding, ample storage, and stylish decor, ensuring a restful stay. The two full bathrooms provide modern amenities and plenty of space for added comfort and privacy.

Sleeping arrangements:
Bedroom 1 - Queen size bed
Bedroom 2 - Full size bunk beds
Living area - 2 futon style couches

Location & Accessibility

🌳 Just steps from the iconic Parthenon and the lush greenery of Centennial Park, this home places you in the heart of one of Nashville’s most walkable and vibrant neighborhoods. You’ll be surrounded by a lively mix of local restaurants, charming cafés, music venues, boutique shops, and energetic nightclubs—offering an authentic taste of the city’s famed nightlife and culture.

🎶 Plus, you’re just a short drive from Broadway’s legendary honky-tonks, The Gulch, and Vanderbilt University.

🚶‍♂️ Second-floor unit – Please note there are no elevators in the building. There are two small steps from the street to the front door and a full flight of stairs leading to the unit.

🚗 Parking: Shared parking is available in the back on a first-come, first-served basis, with ample street parking nearby.

Starter Amenities Provided
We provide a starter set of essentials for your stay, which includes:
✔ Toilet paper – 2 rolls per bathroom
✔ Paper towels – 2 rolls
✔ Cleaning sponge – 1
✔ Travel-size bar soap & shampoo – 1 set per bathroom
✔ Coffee – A handful of K-cups or a small bag of ground coffee

📍 Location & Accessibility:
🌳 Step outside and discover one of Nashville’s most walkable and picturesque neighborhoods. Enjoy a morning stroll through Centennial Park, take in the full-scale replica of the Parthenon, or grab a bite at one of the nearby restaurants, cafés, music venues, Nightclubs(Due to this you may experience some nightime noise)

🎶 You're just a quick drive to Broadway’s iconic honky-tonks, The Gulch, Midtown, and Music Row.

Please note: Due to the proximity of nearby nightclubs and late-night venues, guests may experience some nighttime noise. To help create a more restful environment, we’ve thoughtfully installed white noise machines to minimize any outdoor sounds and ensure a more comfortable stay.

This stylish and well-located apartment offers a comfortable and private home base for your Nashville adventure—perfect for business travelers, weekend getaways, or extended stays.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
2017047083

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mike
Host User ID: 152189800
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/152189800
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
5 months hosting