URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/29385968
Latitude: 36.17045
Longitude: -86.74659
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Luxury Furniture. Elevated Design. Established Location. 

Enjoy Music City from this 2,507 sqft gem! With high-end furniture (Restoration Hardware/Anthropologie), tasteful accent walls, and award winning mattresses – This is truly a LUXURY vacation rental. Nestled in the quaint, established neighborhood of Lockeland springs, the bustling food & bev scene of 5 Points is walkable and Nashville’s other districts (Broadway, Germantown, etc) are only a few minutes away!

The space
As soon as you enter you’ll be greeted by the true quality of this home's design...including a hand-painted mural.  With a cozy but elevated feel, it was crafted to mimic the vibrance of a hotel while retaining the warmth and amenities of a luxury home. 
 
🛋️  LIVING ROOM 🛋️ 
Ever dreamed of a velvet green Anthropologie couch? Located upon entry, you’ll love this cozy living room–it’s the perfect hangout spot for family gathering or a group of 10. 
• Wifi TV
• Anthropologie Furniture
• Gas Fireplace

🍽️  KITCHEN & DINING 🍽️ 
A wonderful kitchen for entertaining! We have everything you need to entertain your group (or even hire a private chef!) and with quartz countertops and a Restoration Hardware dining table, you can do it in style too :)
 
• Gas Range
• Oven
• Refrigerator/Freezer
• Microwave
• Dishwasher
• Drip Coffee Makers
• Toaster
• Glassware & Silverware
• Pots, Pans & Cooking Utensils 
• Dining table & island seating
 
😴  SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS - 3 BEDROOMS 😴 
With three hotel-inspired bedrooms, this space was crafted to be beautiful and comfortable. All bedrooms and bathrooms feature linens, towels, soaps, TVs, and light-filtering window treatments.

• Pillows, Linens, Towels & Sheets 
• Shampoo/Soaps
• Light-filtering window treatments
 
🛏️ Bedroom 1 - Primary King Bedroom (Ensuite Bath)
• King Bed (Tempur-Pedic Mattress)
• Ensuite Bathroom (Walk-In Shower)
• Opens to 2nd story Patio
• Wifi TV

🛏️ Bedroom 2 - Queen Bedroom (Ensuite Bath)
• 2x Queen Beds (photos to be updated soon)
• Ensuite Bathroom (Shower/Tub Combo)
• TV
 
🛏️ Bedroom 3 -  ‘Bunk Room’
• Queen over Queen Bunk
• Twin Bed & Twin Rollaway Bed
• Ensuite Bathroom (Shower/Tub Combo)

🛏️ Common Spaces
• Rollaway beds, pack n’ play/Crib available upon request
 
✤ Other than the already mentioned amenities, our home also comes with:
• High-Speed Wi-Fi
• Laundry Room with Washer/Dryer
• Private Chef and Decorating Service recommendations 

📍Location📍
As nice as this space is, the location might be even better. In the heart of historic Lockeland Springs, we are nestled in a quiet neighborhood walking distance from Five Points (home to coffee shops, pizza, bars, restaurants and more). 1.1 miles ($6 Uber/ five minute drive or $2 Bird/ten minute scoot) from Broadway/downtown. Nashville's greatest attractions are never more than a few minutes away. 

Walk Times: Shelby Walk Pocket Park (across the street), Five Points (15 mins) 
Drive Times: Nissan Stadium (4 mins/1.5 mi), Broadway (6 mins/2 mi),, The Gulch (8 mins/2.7 mi), Germantown (7 min/3 mi), Vandy/Centennial Park (9 mins/4.8 mi), Twelve South (10 mins/5.6 mi), Airport (9 mins/7mi)

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire home during their stay.

Other things to note
✧ HOSPITALITY by MAVEN DESTINATIONS ✧
We are Nashville natives, licensed real estate agents, and hospitality professionals. When you book with us, know you’ll be staying at a home that is thoughtfully decorated, professionally managed, and located in a desirable & established district of Music City.

✧ UNIQUE DOOR CODES✧
At Maven, we take your privacy and security seriously. Each reservation is issued a unique door code for your stay.

✧ NO SHARED SPACES ✧
The home is exclusively yours for the duration of your stay!

✧ ACCIDENTAL DAMAGE INSURANCE ✧
Things happen…so every reservation is covered by our accidental damage insurance policy at no additional charge! 

✧ EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECKOUT ✧
Our standard check in is at 4:00 pm and checkout is at 11:00. However, we know with large parties guests often have widely varying arrival and departure times. We make every effort to accommodate these requests for a small fee. 

✧ NO LOCAL RESERVATIONS ✧
Local reservations are only accepted with prior notice and approval.

✧ NO SMOKING ✧
This is a non-smoking house, so we kindly ask all our guests to refrain from smoking in, or near the home, where it could impact future guests.

✧ GUEST VERIFICATION ✧
Local regulations require us to verify your identity prior to check in (just like hotels). We do this through your booking platform or with a simple check in form where you input a government issued ID.

✧ DEPOSIT ✧
We require a credit card on file (from your booking platform) for a $1,000 damage/vandalism deposit. This is reflected either 1. transparently to you via your booking platform or 2. as an authorization hold on your card which is released after checkout (just like hotels do). This is secondary to our accidental damage insurance, but required because the homes in our portfolio are of exceptional value and are often appointed with top tier furnishings and custom art.

✧ SANITIZATION AND CLEANING ✧
We ALWAYS treat our homes like high-end hotels with dedicated cleaning staff and quality assurance checks because cleanliness is so important to a great stay! With the addition of COVID-19, the heath, safety, and wellbeing of our guests are even more in the spotlight. For these reasons, we use strict disinfection protocol after every stay.

✦ Security Cameras ✦
This home has outdoor security cameras on the front and back door for safety.

✦Neighborhood & Noise ✦
This home is in a quiet residential neighborhood and it does share a wall with neighbors. We ask our guests to please respect this and be mindful of noise, especially during quiet hours. 

The home also utilizes Minut noise level monitoring technology. No sound is recorded, only decibel levels to prevent noise complaints and parties. They are located on the front porch, kitchen deck, and kitchen/living room.

✦Pets✦
Unfortunately, due to owner allergies, we are unable to accommodate any requests to allow pets of any kind or for any reason.

Registration Details
2019008848

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Heather
Host User ID: 28658845
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/28658845
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, we're Heather, Ray and Oliver!

Our goal is to be the #1 AirBnb in Nashville and we're so thankful you've considered us. We have gone above and beyond to provide you with the best lodging to make your trip to Nashville comfortable so hope you will choose to stay!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
194 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting