URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5759335
Latitude: 36.17045
Longitude: -86.79315
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This plush 3500 sqf. house is close to anywhere you need to go in Nashville! It comfortably fits 10 (or more) and has plenty of off-street parking. Enjoy a gourmet kitchen, huge TVs, and tons of space!

The space
This new 3,500 square-feet house in historic Germantown Nashville is close to all there is to see and do; you can walk or take a short cab ride to almost everything!

Features:
4 bedrooms with a king bed, 3 queen beds, queen size sleeper sofa, and blow-up mattresses
2 full bathrooms, each with double vanities
1 half bathroom
Sleeps 10
3,500 square-feet

Upon entering this stylish and luxurious house, you'll love the open floor plan and mix of modern and traditional décor. There are hardwood hickory floors throughout most of the common areas, with 100% wool, handwoven Persian rugs from the Serapi, Heriz, and Tabriz regions giving the house a warm and inviting feel. All of the bedrooms and living rooms have ceiling fans to keep the house well-ventilated. 10' ceilings, exquisite molding, and large outwork set the stage for this outstanding living space. Oversized windows provide a great view of the urban landscape—this includes a view of the Tennessee State Capitol from the second floor—and plenty of natural light. Mahogany Venetian blinds will let you relax and retreat into the privacy of the home.

The kitchen features beautiful cherry cabinets, leathered granite countertops, a tile backsplash, and all stainless steel appliances. If you like to cook, there are dual KitchenAid ovens, a Samsung French door refrigerator, a KitchenAid standing mixer, and a 36-inch Thermador cooktop with 5 elements and a dual element bridge. Hanging above the entire room is a 5-light Venetian bronze and teak crystal chandelier. The open kitchen flows into a high-bar seating area and a dining table for four people, all within view of the main floor living room. The main floor living room features a fireplace with stone surround and a huge 65" LCD TV.

If work is on your agenda, the office features a large 3'x6' desk with ample workspace. The room features a beautiful mahogany coffered ceiling and mahogany wainscoting capped by a chair rail. There is a wi-fi printer, in-ceiling speakers, and other various office supplies.

The master bedroom has a luxurious king size bed with plenty of storage space and a 60" LED TV with DVD player. There are dual night stands that offer you the choice of lamp lighting or indirect floor lighting. The suite features dual his and her closets between the bedroom and bathroom. The relaxing master bathroom is appointed with heated tile floors, dual vanities, frameless glass shower with shower wand and massaging jets, and a jetted jacuzzi tub. Hanging over the tub is a 2-tier, 18-light Venetian bronze and crystal chandelier.

If you need a little fresh air, you can go upstairs and step out onto the balcony, which has gorgeous view of the State Capitol and downtown. At the top of the stairs, you will enter a 24'x20' bar area with a bar sink, microwave, and wine refrigerator with 57-bottle capacity. Triple arches lead into a large 16'x24' second living room with a 70" LCD TV, surround sound, and in-ceiling speakers. The room also features a queen size sleeper sofa couch and an open area for an air mattress if you need it.

Permit # 2019075699

Guest access
Keypad and electronic key access to the house will be provided.

Other things to note
There's a commercial-grade Landice L8 Pro Sports treadmill in the house if you like to work out. It has the optional Orthopedic shock absorption system, which is 7x softer than grass. There are also medicine balls, 2 kettle bells, a balance/stability ball, and an ab roller.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Daniel
Host User ID: 18071351
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/18071351
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm a native Tennesseean who absolutely loves Nashville and all of the culture it offers. I did undergrad at MTSU, grad school at Columbia, and I'm finishing my JD at Vanderbilt right now. As an Eagle Scout, I love getting away to canoe the Harpeth or hike through Percy Warner Park. I probably spend way too much time at concerts around town, from bigger venues like the Ryman and Bridgestone Arena all the way down to ones as small as the Cannery Ballroom and Mercy Lounge! I'm a serious foodie, so feel free to ask me about suggestions on where to eat.

I want all of you to have the opportunity to enjoy unparalleled luxury during your stay in Nashville at an unbelievable price while making the booking process easy and problem free. If there is anything you need during your time here please let me know, so I can ensure your stay is satisfying and you want to come back. I value your return business, so I'll always offer discounts to those who stay in my home time after time. Most of all, I want you to feel at home when you stay in my house, with all of the cleanliness and quality you'd expect from your own home. I'm an upfront guy, and I welcome feedback in any kind of way to ensure I'm meeting your needs!
My work: Vanderbilt Law School
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 80%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
95 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting