URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1080572157146744531
Latitude: 36.1542
Longitude: -86.7643
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
🎶 Welcome aboard the Soul Train-inspired getaway in the heart of Downtown Nashville! 🎶

Step into our beautiful 3BR/ 2BA condo in the much anticipated Muse building, where every groove and rhythm promises an unforgettable experience. Immerse yourself in the vibrant hues and soulful vibes that define our open-concept vacation rental. As you enter, a kitschy neon sign sets the tone for a stay filled with character and charm.

The space
☆☆☆ The luxury design and rich amenity list at Soul Train will leave you in awe! ☆☆☆

Please take a tour through this unique oasis to familiarize yourself with all the comforts and amenities it offers. The best place to start is the majestic open-concept design living area. The home's heartbeat features a colorful living room with a fully equipped kitchen and an inviting dining area. Natural sunlight bursts through large balcony doors to brighten the space and reinforce the vibrant style you'll enjoy with your family and friends.

You can quickly change your settings by stepping onto the balcony overlooking the neighborhood. It offers a private outdoor space perfect for a morning cup of coffee or a few drinks before heading out to town in the evening.

Contemporary design and comforts are present in three bedrooms that will have you sleeping like royalty. Ladies will especially like the newly installed vanity station and full-size mirrors that will make you feel like a movie star while getting ready for the big bachelorette party!

★ LIVING ROOM ★
The home's focal point is ideal for a fun gathering. Sit back, relax, and decide if you will watch a movie, listen to your favorite tunes, or discuss your plans for days to come.

✔ Comfortable Sofa with Pillows
✔ Smart TV
✔ Piano
✔ Record Player
✔ Bluetooth Speaker
✔ Chic Sofa Chairs
✔ Stylish Coffee Tables & Reading Lamps
✔ Access to the Balcony

★ KITCHEN & DINING ★
The fully equipped kitchen comprises of ample cabinetry, spacious countertops, and state-of-the-art appliances that allow for the effortless and fun preparation of your favorite meals.

✔ Microwave
✔ Stove
✔ Oven
✔ Toaster
✔ Blender
✔ Coffee Maker
✔ Double-Door Refrigerator/Freezer
✔ Dishwasher
✔ Sink - Hot & Cold Water
✔ Trays
✔ Glasses
✔ Silverware
✔ Pots & Pans

Gather around the central kitchen island and enjoy a tasty homemade meal.

✔ Large Kitchen Bar with Seating for 6

★ SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS – 3 BEDROOMS★
Three comfortable bedrooms make you feel like you are sleeping on clouds while providing maximum convenience through added amenities.

♛ Master Bedroom: King-Size Bed, Ensuite Bathroom
♛ Bedroom 2: Queen-Size Bed, Balcony Access
♛ Bedroom 3: Bunk Bed (Queen over Queen) + Queen Trundle, Vanity Station

All bedrooms offer a similar set of amenities:

✔ Premium Mattresses, Pillows, Linens, and Sheets
✔ Smart TVs
✔ Vanities with Lighted Mirrors
✔ Closets with Hangers and Shelves
✔ Night Stands with Reading Lamps
✔ Full-Size Mirrors

★ BATHROOMS ★
In addition to the ensuite bathroom of the master bedroom, the home features another full relaxing bathroom that caters to the remaining two bedrooms and the living area. Both are stocked with essential toiletries, so you don't need to worry about overpacking. 

✔ Walk-In Shower
✔ Double Vanities
✔ Mirror
✔ Toilet
✔ Towels
✔ Hair Dryers
✔ Essential Toiletries

★ BALCONY ★
Enjoy the tranquil ambiance by stepping out on the balcony from the living room, offering a private outdoor setting where you can relax, catch a breath of fresh air, and put your finger on the pulse of the neighborhood.
 
✔ Cozy Seating Area

Spend a memorable vacation in this elegant, fun home where modern amenities and stylish décor mix with the highest comforts.

Guest access
KEYLESS ENTRY:
Prior to your arrival, you will receive a unique keypad code that will serve as your keyless entry to the condo during your stay. Access is all keyless entry and you can come and go as you please.

GUIDE BOOK:
A book with recommendations for local restaurants, coffee shops, spas and other places to visit is provided in the condo.

PARKING
-There is free weekend street parking starting on both sides of the street.
-Paid, covered parking under the building. All guests receive a daily discount making parking $25/day.

The condo is exclusively yours, without interruption for the duration of your stay, so relax, unwind, and make yourself at home. 

Other than the already mentioned amenities, our home also comes with the following:

✔ High-Speed Wi-Fi
✔ Air Conditioning
✔ Heating
✔ Iron/Board

The condo is a part of the modern residential complex featuring outstanding facilities and spaces that you can use throughout your stay:

✔ Rooftop Terrace with Lounge Seating Areas
✔ Fitness Center 
✔ Cornhole Court
✔ Laundry Room (Washers/Dryers)
✔ Elevator

Other things to note
Discover a space adorned with eclectic decor that pays homage to the iconic Soul Train era. Whether you're relaxing on the comfortable furnishings or getting in touch with your musical side on the piano, this is not just a place to stay – it's a celebration of soulful living.

For the budget-conscious traveler or those yearning for a home-cooked meal, our sparkling kitchen awaits your culinary adventures. Fully equipped with full-size, stainless steel appliances, it's a haven for creating delicious memories. The breakfast bar, with seating for six, invites you to share laughter and meals in a electric atmosphere.

After a day of exploring the vibrant city, return to your Soul Train haven for a restorative night in. Spin some records on the turntable, play a tune on the piano, or simply unwind in the living area with a bowl of popcorn as you stream your favorite channels.

Strategically located within walking distance to Nashville's famous Broadway strip and a plethora of attractions, our condotel puts you at the center of the action. Whether you're strolling down the lively streets or seeking out the city's hidden gems, our home is your perfect starting point.

Book now and make our colorful, Soul Train-inspired condotel your rhythm-filled retreat. Experience Nashville in a symphony of style and comfort, where every beat resonates with the spirit of soul. 🌈✨

No dog(s) are welcome in this home. No other animals are allowed without specific approval. 

We DO NOT host locals.   

Only the number of guests on the reservation allowed at the property at all times.  You will be asked to leave ASAP if over guest limit. 

This rental is located on floor 3
.
Parking notes: There is free parking on street  

Damage waiver: The total cost of your reservation for this Property includes a damage waiver fee which covers you for up to $3,000 of accidental damage to the Property or its contents (such as furniture, fixtures, and appliances) as long as you report the incident to the host prior to checking out. More information can be found from the "Additional rules" on the checkout page.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andrew
Host User ID: 458965726
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/458965726
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
401 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting