URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1569835345583131151
Latitude: 36.1542
Longitude: -86.7757
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Come experience this modern and contemporary bright 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom. Your stay gives you access to all building amenities including a gym, pool table, laundry room,  lounge and patio with spectacular views of the city! Live like a local in this convenient and centrally located sun filled modern style apartment while enjoying your trip to Nashville.

Air Bnb Permit # T2022056603

The space
Welcome to your Nashville getaway—where modern luxury meets Southern charm.
This thoughtfully designed one-bedroom retreat offers a high-end stay just minutes from the city’s best dining, nightlife, music venues, and attractions. Perfect for couples, solo travelers, or small groups, the space blends upscale comfort with stylish details to create a relaxing home base.

Guests enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, a cozy living area, fast WiFi, premium linens, and a spotless, hotel-quality experience. Whether you’re here to explore Broadway, catch a show, or unwind in a peaceful neighborhood, this space delivers convenience and elegance in one.

From the moment you arrive, you’ll feel the care and attention put into making your stay seamless, comfortable, and memorable.

For guests needing a shorter stay, you’re welcome to contact us directly. We’re flexible and always happy to assist with availability. If your travel plans only require a quick visit, don’t hesitate to reach out — we love welcoming short-term guests whenever our schedule allows.

Guest access
Guests will enjoy seamless, private access to the entire home with convenient self check-in. The property is designed for comfort, privacy, and ease — whether you’re arriving late or heading out early.

As for my guest, you’ll also have access to preferred local transportation options, including Black Truck and Sprinter Van Services, available at exclusive discounted rates for our guests.

Additional access details and recommendations will be shared after booking.

Other things to note
Kindly be aware that if any items within the unit become damaged or are inadvertently removed, you will be responsible for their replacement.

House Rules:

By booking with us, you agree to follow our house rules:

Unit Inspection Upon Check-In: Guests are required to walk through the unit within an hour of check-in to confirm that it is clean and in proper condition. 

Please send a confirmation message to the host stating that the unit meets your expectations.

Reporting Issues: If anything is not up to your expectations, guests must allow the host the opportunity to address and resolve the issue.

Safety and Security: Ensure that the unit is locked when you leave. We are not responsible for any incidents if the unit is left unlocked. If you leave in the key in the unit there is a fee that maintenance charge which is $150. Please be careful with the key so you will not have to pay for a replacement. The replacement key if lost is $300

Damage items: The guest is responsible for any broken or misplaced items. Please be careful we prefer not to charge anyone if not necessary. Keep shoes off carpet. 

Forgotten Items Policy: We completely understand that things can get left behind during travel. While we do our best to recover any forgotten items, we are not responsible for any personal belongings left behind after checkout.

Due to the volume of guests and tight turnovers, we cannot guarantee storage, retrieval, or mailing of lost items. If something is found, we’re happy to coordinate a pickup or provide shipping at the guest’s expense when possible. However, we cannot accept liability for misplaced or unreturned items.

Thank you for your understanding.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kay
Host User ID: 732644121
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/732644121
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 months hosting
16 reviews
4.69 out of 5 average rating
9 months of hosting