URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/38869807
Latitude: 36.1322
Longitude: -86.7809
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Our beautiful town home is located in the heart of Nashville! Perfect for groups traveling together that want to experience the fun of downtown, but lay their heads down at night just a few minutes away from the hustle and bustle of Broadway. 

3 bedrooms, one with a queen bunk plus a sofa bed. Comfortably sleep up to 10 guests! 

☆ 2 miles from BROADWAY (5-10 min by car)
☆ 1 mile from Geodis Park Stadium!! 
☆ Washer/Dryer
☆ WiFi & Cable
☆ Blackout shades 
☆ Outdoor deck space

The space
Come enjoy Music City in our beautiful town home! 

Upon entering, you are greeted by the entryway, door that leads to the garage parking space, and the first bedroom with a set of queen bunk beds and its ensuite bathroom. 

Head up stairs to the main level where you'll spend the majority of your time lounging, cooking, and enjoying fresh air on the outdoor deck patio. There is a full bathroom just off the kitchen space. One sofa bed is available in the living space to host 10 total guests.

One more flight up is the 3rd floor with two bedrooms, each with their own ensuite bathrooms! 

Smart home enabled with an Echo dot smart device in each room that can be utilized for music, alarm, or sleep sounds - even to play games! Board games are also available for a fun night in! 

The house is a short walk to popular bars, restaurants, & coffee shops (walk across the street to 8th & Roast-one of our favorites!). Catch a show at Zanies! You'll be within 0-3 miles of all the popular Nashville neighborhoods including 12 South, the Gulch, Vanderbilt, Belmont, and of course, Honky Tonk Row!

Guest access
You'll have access to the entire home! 

The garage can fit 1 car but you will need to open it manually from inside the house. Any additional parking must be done on the street. NO PARKING on the shared driveway space that leads to the garage. 

For guests arriving early or departing late, please inquire for possible luggage storage options or consider booking the night before or after your arrival to ensure an early check-in or late checkout.

Other things to note
→ Please note – this house is in a residential area. If you're looking for a property to host a rowdy group, this is not the right fit. Disturbing guests will be asked to leave. Our strict quiet hours are 10 pm to 8 am. 
→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm. 
→  Regarding the house: Max occupancy is 10 people. The first floor bedroom has a bunk bed with queen mattresses. There is central air. There is a dishwasher & an ice-maker. Laundry is on the second level. You must climb a full set of stairs to get to the kitchen. In total, there are 5 beds in the house; queen bunks, 2 king beds, and one queen sofa bed.
→ Towels & linen are provided for up to 10 people. Travel-sized toiletries, 3 hairdryers, iron, and ironing board are provided. A drip coffee maker and basic kitchenware are also provided. There is no longer an espresso machine depicted in some of the photos. Guests are responsible to provide any additional amenities desired.
→ After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival, if booking same day, you may call our team as soon as you've booked. Please ensure your number on your Airbnb profile is up to date.
→ For security and to maintain the integrity of the property and neighborhood, we have installed Nest cameras and NoiseAware systems. Cameras are on the outside of the house only. NoiseAware simply monitors noise levels outside the home to ensure the area stays quiet and peaceful.
→ Rest assured, our team is around 24/7 for any emergency that may arise.

Registration Details
2019052420

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Aly
Host User ID: 293718433
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/293718433
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to our townhome in the Melrose area of Nashville. We are so excited to host you, whether its your first time or millionth time in Music City! 

The options are endless to explore. Check out a comedy show at Zanies down the street and have a coffee at 8th & Roast! If you need any recommendations, let us know.

My home is professionally managed by UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals, a local Nashville team dedicated to creating memorable stays and making sure you feel right at home.
I'm obsessed with: Natural sunlight & morning coffee
My biography title: Beech Please!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
187 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting