URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1184188967898243168
Latitude: 36.14431
Longitude: -86.786
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 9
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Gather your group just minutes from The Gulch in a colorful Nashville townhouse for up to 9 guests. Spend evenings on your private rooftop with skyline views, lounge seating, fire pit and grill, then come inside to an open kitchen and living space with a retro arcade game. Three private bedrooms, 3.5 baths and convenient parking make Aurora an easy home base for Nashville weekends with friends or family.

The space
The Aurora, is designed for groups who want a stylish home base with room to spread out and plenty of places to connect. The main level features an open living area with comfortable seating and a retro arcade game for cozy nights in, plus a fully equipped kitchen and dedicated dining space that make meals, toasts, and game nights easy. 

Sleeping is set up for flexibility across three private bedrooms plus the living area: one bedroom (located on the first floor) has a queen bed with an ensuite bathroom; a second bedroom (located on the third floor) has a king bed and a twin day bed with an ensuite bathroom; the third bedroom (located on the third floor) has a king bed with an ensuite bathroom; and the living room includes a queen sofa bed. Each bedroom includes closet space, and the home’s layout supports both together-time and quiet reset moments.

The highlight is the rooftop deck—your private skyline hangout with lounge seating, a grill, and a fire pit for sunset dinners and late-night conversations. Please note the home includes multiple flights of stairs, including access to the rooftop.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements 
QUEEN SOFA BED IN LIVING SPACE
BEDROOM 1 / FIRST FLOOR: 1 QUEEN BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 2 / THIRD FLOOR: 1 KING BED W/ TWIN DAY BED AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 3 / THIRD FLOOR: 1 KING BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, and laundry and dishwasher pods. 

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

★★ Exclusive Guest Perks★★
As a guest, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Humminghost's partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Check-in is simple with smart locks. Before your arrival, we’ll send detailed instructions with your door codes, directions to the unit, and any access info for shared amenities or parking. Please review these notes ahead of time to ensure a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
★Smoke-Free Home & Community★
In accordance with building rules, smoking is not permitted inside the unit or any common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Supplies & Essentials★
We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.

★Families & Baby Gear★
Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play and baby gate (in homes with stairs) available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.

★Maintenance & Repairs★	
Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.

★Trash Disposal★	
All trash must be bagged and securely tied before disposal. Trash must be taken outside and placed in the trash cans located outside of the townhouse front door. Please do not leave trash inside the unit, garage, hallways, or any shared areas during your stay.

★Stairs & Multi-Level Layout★
This townhome spans three interior floors plus a rooftop outdoor space, and stairs are required to access the bedrooms, living areas, and rooftop. Because of the multi-level layout, the home may not be the best fit for guests with mobility considerations, those who prefer minimal stair use, or families traveling with very young children who may be sensitive to frequent stair climbing.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
My work: Humming Host’s CEO
Most useless skill: I can juggle
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2658 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting