URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/938998157972579025
Latitude: 36.1231
Longitude: -86.7743
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Berry Hill, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Ultimate Music City Group HQ! 🎸✨
Experience Nashville from this massive, redesigned 3BR townhome in trendy Berry Hill! Featuring 3 floors of luxury, a 2-car garage 🚗, and a private sunset balcony 🌅, we comfortably sleep 8-10. Walk to local bars and Chick-fil-A, or take a 5-minute Uber to Broadway. Traveling with a huge crew? Ask about booking our 5 sister units next door! Strictly No Pets. Built for your perfect Nashville weekend! 🥂🤠
STRP# 2023#0705458

The space
Welcome to Your Broadway Bound Command Center! 🎻
Elevate your group’s Nashville adventure in this meticulously designed, three-story executive townhome. Located in Berry Hill—Nashville’s "hidden gem" district known for its recording studios and eclectic vibe—this home offers a sophisticated blend of modern comfort and high-capacity logistics. Whether you're here for a high-energy bachelorette or a family reunion, you are in the city's best-kept secret for walkability and convenience.

💎 The Berry Hill Advantage:

Scale Your Stay: Part of a 6-unit development. We can host your entire "wedding village" or corporate retreat across multiple connected units.

Logistical Luxury: A private 2-car garage means no downtown parking fees and absolute security for your vehicles.

Entertainment Hub: Open-concept 2nd floor designed specifically for group socializing, complete with a private balcony for those crisp Nashville evenings.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown (Sleeps 8-10):

1st Floor:

Bedroom 1: 1 Queen Bed + 1 Twin Trundle (Sleeps 3) + Half Bath. 🛌

2nd Floor (Main Level):

Social Hub: Kitchen, Dining, & Living Room with 1 Queen Sleeper Sofa + Half Bath. 🛋️🍳

3rd Floor:

Bedroom 2 (Primary): 1 King Bed + Luxe En-Suite Full Bath. 👑🛀

Bedroom 3: 2 Queen Beds + En-Suite Full Bath. 🛌🛌🚿

Landing Area: 2 Ottomans that fold out into single beds—perfect for kids or extra friends! 🛌🛌

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Digital Keyless Entry: Your group will receive a personalized code. No physical keys to share, ensuring everyone can come and go as they please.

2-Car Garage: Drive straight in and unload in total privacy.

Contactless Check-In: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—perfect for groups arriving on different flights.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips: Your Insider 20

Grocery & Essentials: 
1. Kroger (8th Ave S): Your massive neighborhood grocery hub (0.9 miles). 🛒
2. Walmart Neighborhood Market: For quick runs and essentials (1.2 miles).

Dining & Brunch: 
3. The Pfunky Griddle: Cook your own pancakes at the table—great for groups! 🥞
4. Sunflower Cafe: Incredible plant-based eats in the heart of Berry Hill.
5. Stay Golden: High-end coffee and a fantastic brunch menu.
6. Chick-fil-A: Within walking distance for that easy morning fix.
7. Baja Burrito: A local cult favorite for the best burritos in town.

Nightlife & Sips: 
8. Black Abbey Brewing: Incredible local craft beer taproom. 🍺
9. The Dog and Pony Show: Local watering hole with great vibes.
10. Zanies Comedy Club: Catch a world-class comedy show just minutes away. 🎤

Recreation & Landmarks: 
11. GEODIS Park (1.5 miles): The largest soccer stadium in the US. ⚽
12. Nashville Zoo at Grassmere: A short 10-minute drive away.
13. Music Row (2.5 miles): The historic heart of the recording industry.
14. Belmont University: Beautiful campus for a stroll.
15. Sevier Park: A gorgeous local park with a walking trail.
16. Fairgrounds Nashville: Home to the flea market and major events.
17. Adventure Science Center: Great for groups with kids.
18. Broadway (2.5 miles): A quick 5-8 minute Uber to the world-famous honky-tonks. 👢
19. McCabe Golf Course: A premier 27-hole municipal course nearby. ⛳
20. Percy Warner Park: Massive hiking trails for those wanting a nature break.

🐾 Pet Policy:
This property is a strictly pet-free environment to maintain a pristine, allergen-free space for all our guests. 🚫🐕

Guest access
We have a keyless locking system. You will gain access to the home via a house code that we create specifically for you. That code will be sent to you with your check in instructions a few weeks prior to your arrival and you may share that code with your group if you wish. YOU WON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT SHARING OR LOSING A KEY! :)

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Most useless skill: N/A
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4539 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting