URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1628329544651162071
Latitude: 36.1952
Longitude: -86.7801
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★ The Lodge by AvantStay ★

• Private rooftop with hot tub, skyline views, bar seating & TV
• Floor-to-ceiling stone fireplace + cozy, cabin-inspired design
• 4 ensuite bedrooms, themed after iconic National Parks
• 10 mins to Broadway • Near Nissan Stadium, Germantown & Topgolf
• 2 parking spaces + washer/dryer

The space
Just north of downtown along the Cumberland River, The Lodge blends cabin-inspired warmth with unbeatable access to Nashville’s top attractions. Inside, a floor-to-ceiling stone fireplace anchors the open-concept living space, where layered textures and natural tones create a cozy, National Park–inspired atmosphere in the heart of the city.

The fully equipped kitchen features stainless-steel appliances and everything you need for group meals and late-night bites. Four ensuite bedrooms—each thoughtfully themed after an iconic National Park—offer comfort and privacy for up to 12 guests. You’ll find a ground-floor king suite, two additional king/queen suites upstairs (including one with a double vanity bath), and a spacious top-level bunk room with two twin bunks and two queen sleeper sofas. Every bedroom, along with the living room and rooftop, includes a smart TV.

The private rooftop is the true showstopper. Fully enclosed with full-height walls for added privacy, this elevated lounge features a hot tub with skyline views, bar seating, dining space, games, and a large TV—perfect for sunset happy hours or soaking under the stars with the city lights in view.

Location-wise, you’re just a 10-minute ride to Broadway’s iconic honky-tonks, with Nissan Stadium, Germantown, East Nashville, and Topgolf all within minutes. The Pontoon Saloon river cruises depart less than half a mile away, putting one of Nashville’s most popular experiences practically at your doorstep.

Additional conveniences include a washer and dryer, two dedicated parking spaces directly in front of the unit, and easy access to downtown without battling major highway traffic.

At The Lodge, you get the comfort of a mountain retreat and the energy of Music City—all in one unforgettable stay.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home allows up to 2 pets for a fee; undisclosed pets brought without AvantStay’s approval may result in a $500 fine per pet.

Parking Details:
- Guests may park in two spaces directly in front of the unit and one garage space. A limited number of overflow parking spaces are also available on site.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit Number: 2025/02482

Registration Details
2025102482

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting