URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/18449116
Latitude: 36.3146
Longitude: -86.71946
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Goodlettsville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Travelers please note Chocolate Gravy is exempt from hosting Airbnb guests with Service Animals or Emotional Support Animals. I have severe allergies. It is duly noted on my Airbnb account.  

There is a private entry with functional accommodations for those seeking privacy.

It’s cozy, yet spacious. Coffee, creamer, bottled water, pastry and or yogurt are provided to fit our guests’ own schedules. An ideal space for couples or business travelers and only minutes from downtown Nashville!

The space
My older two-story home is nestled among huge hardwood trees in a small quiet established subdivision just off I-65 South. I reside upstairs. 

The lower level is very functional: it supports one-bedroom, full bathroom, open kitchenette, (guests do not have access to the gas stove per local permit ordinance), open dining area and open seating area with a gas fireplace. The small love seat does not make a bed for sleeping. There is a queen size bed and Art Deco armoire in the bedroom. The entry door to the unit conveniently opens into the bedroom. There are zero steps leading into and inside the unit. The bathroom has a tub/shower combination with continuous hot water. 

A side-by-side refrigerator with ice maker and cold-water dispenser, microwave, toaster, dishwasher, garbage disposal, and Keurig coffee maker are available to guests. Dinnerware, glassware, silverware, cooking utensils, and all linens, towels, washcloths and dishcloths are furnished. 

Exit the glass French doors from the kitchen to the patio and deck out back overlooking a park-like setting where you can eat breakfast, grill your dinner on the gas Weber or just enjoy a Shirley Temple or adult beverage. Should you be near the retainer wall off the patio, please be careful to not fall off. There is a small stream at the back of the property that winds its way to Mansker's Creek. Stay alert and keep your eyes open; you might get a delightful glimpse of deer; turkey; Opossum; fox; crane; squirrel; rabbit; CG, the ground hog; numerous species of birds. A firefly light show is almost a given in the summer's eve. For those that possess outdoor fire safety skills, there is seating around a fire pit down by the stream. 

After sightseeing or enjoying the big, beautiful outdoors, you might want to snuggle up with a book, watch television or just relax on the deck. If you are too busy or too tired to grill or use the microwave, there are several restaurants within a 10-15 minutes' drive.   The list includes, Olive Garden, Red Lobster, Chili's, Caspers, Twin Peaks, and several more along with fast food restaurants. HG Hill, Kroger, Publix and Wal-Mart grocery stores are located within a 5-10 minutes' drive.
 
For those health-conscious folks, you might want to take a brisk walk or jog at Moss Wright Park on Caldwell Drive just off Long Hollow Pike before breakfast or after dinner.

Guest access
Guests have access to WIFI and television. 
Guests that book for 5 days stays may use the washer and dryer. For shorter stays, Splish Splash coin laundry is located at 252 Long Hollow Pike. 
Guests have easy access to the nearby heart of Nashville, and its many venues for activities/entertainment, by way of Main Street south or I-65 south.

Other things to note
Local law enforcement, doctors, hospitals, pharmacies and health clinics are conveniently located in Goodlettsville, Hendersonville, Madison and Nashville.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Charlotte
Host User ID: 51965075
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/51965075
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a retired TN state social worker. I enjoy hiking, camping, gardening, mountains, beach, traveling, and meeting people.
Born in the 40s
Where I went to school: TSU social work degree.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
286 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting