URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/32315812
Latitude: 36.1546
Longitude: -86.7638
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Walk to Broadway from this trendy condo in Nashville. Boasting modern city vibes, you'll find this condo to be comfortable and well-furnished. The living area boasts a garage door that opens the space to the outdoors. The well-equipped, full kitchen includes all the utensils and appliances you'll need to make your stay comfortable and high-speed internet and streaming services are included. You'll also have access to our shared rooftop terrace, gym, and laundry facility. Luggage drop available!

The space
☆☆☆ The luxury design and rich amenity list at The Flat Suite will leave you in awe! ☆☆☆

Please take a tour through this unique oasis to familiarize yourself with all the comforts and amenities it offers. The best place to start is the majestic open-concept design living area. The home's heartbeat features a sleek and modern living room with a fully equipped kitchen and an inviting siting area. Natural sunlight bursts through large garage doors to brighten the space and reinforce the vibrant style you'll enjoy with your family and friends.

You can quickly change your settings by stepping onto the balcony overlooking the courtyard. It offers a private outdoor space perfect for a morning cup of coffee or a few drinks before heading out to town in the evening.

Contemporary design and comforts are present in the bedroom that will have you sleeping like royalty. 

★ LIVING ROOM ★
The home's focal point is ideal for a fun gathering. Sit back, relax, and decide if you will watch a movie, listen to your favorite tunes, or discuss your plans for days to come.

✔ Comfortable Sofa with Pillows
✔ Smart TV
✔ Chic Sofa Chairs
✔ Stylish Coffee Tables & Reading Lamps
✔ Access to the Balcony

★ KITCHEN & DINING ★
The fully equipped kitchen comprises of ample cabinetry, spacious countertops, and state-of-the-art appliances that allow for the effortless and fun preparation of your favorite meals.

✔ Microwave
✔ Stove
✔ Oven
✔ Toaster
✔ Coffee Maker
✔ Double-Door Refrigerator/Freezer
✔ Dishwasher
✔ Sink - Hot & Cold Water
✔ Trays
✔ Glasses
✔ Silverware
✔ Pots & Pans

★ SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS – 1 BEDROOM★ 
Comfortable bedroom makes you feel like you are sleeping on clouds while providing maximum convenience through added amenities.

♛ Master Bedroom: King-Size Bed
♛ Bunk area: Bunk Bed (twin over twin) 
♛ Air mattress on request

Bedroom:

✔ Premium Mattress, Pillow, Linen, and Sheet
✔ Smart TV
✔ Closets with Hangers and Shelves
✔ Night Stands with Reading Lamps
✔ Sound Machine in each Bedroom for Soothing Sleep
✔ Full-Size Mirror

★ BATHROOM ★

✔ Walk-In Shower
✔ Double Vanities
✔ Mirror
✔ Toilet
✔ Towels
✔ Hair Dryer
✔ Essential Toiletrie

★ BALCONY ★
Enjoy the tranquil ambiance by stepping out on the balcony from the living room, offering a private outdoor setting where you can relax, catch a breath of fresh air, and put your finger on the pulse of the neighborhood.
 
✔ Cozy Seating Area

Spend a memorable vacation in this elegant, fun home where modern amenities and stylish décor mix with the utmost comforts, welcome to Gold Note Suite

Guest access
KEYLESS ENTRY:
Prior to your arrival, you will receive a unique keypad code that will serve as your keyless entry to the condo during your stay. Access is all keyless entry and you can come and go as you please.

GUIDE BOOK:
A book with recommendations for local restaurants, coffee shops, spas and other places to visit is provided in the condo.

PARKING
-There is free weekend street parking starting on both sides of the street.
-Paid, covered parking under the building. All guests receive a daily discount making parking $25/day.

Other things to note
There is street parking available, as well as, a pay-to-park garage.

Laundry facilities are located in the Muse lobby.

There is a luggage drop at The Drip Bar next door.

Registration Details
2023061398

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Holly
Host User ID: 124846778
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/124846778
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Wife, mom of two college kids, and Marketing Executive.
Born in the 70s
My work: Technology
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
81 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting