URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1680691403724176686
Latitude: 36.2084
Longitude: -86.7852
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Brand new listing! Best Airbnb in Nashville!

The space
Welcome to Lucky's Lounge!

The Luxe, Dive Bar-Inspired Stay of Your Dreams
If a moody, velvet-drenched lounge and a boutique hotel had a lovechild, it would be this.
Lucky's Lounge is a one-of-a-kind, 4-level, fully loaded designer retreat that combines sultry dive bar vibes with high-end, modern luxury - just 10 minutes from downtown and East Nashville.
Whether you're celebrating, escaping, or just want to stay somewhere unforgettable, this is it.

The space

What Makes Lucky's Lounge So Special?
4 Stylish Levels - Bold, curated design in every space
Sleeps 12 - 4 spacious bedrooms, 11comfy beds,
4.5 bathrooms

Bonus Room Dive Bar Lounge - A private, vibey hangout you won't find anywhere else. Sing on a custom stage with a provided karaoke machine.

Rooftop Hot Tub - Soak under the stars with Nashville skyline views, hangout on the cabana style loungers, or watch your favorite game on the 75 inch TV. Turn on the 2 fire pits to create the coziest vibe.

Outdoor Pizza Oven + BBQ Grill - Perfect for elevated rooftop hangs

Infrared Sauna - Connect your music to bluetooth for that bougie spa energy.

Getting ready or work station - 2nd level room
and 3rd level bunkbed room offers a dedicated getting ready space with LED mirrors, desk, and chair.

Pool Access (Seasonal) - Located in the complex

Fully Stocked Kitchen - Everything you need to cook, entertain, and impress

2 Coffee Bars - Because one just isn't enough
Roku TVs in Every Bedroom (except bunk room)
- Stream and chill, your way

Electric Fireplace - Cozy, moody, and made for late nights

Washer/Dryer + Supplies - Stay fresh, stay longer

Walking Distance to Dollar General - Last-minute snacks? Covered.

Gated community - For privacy and safety

Free Parking - Plus easy Uber/Lyft access anywhere in the city

The Vibe

Think designer lighting, dark luxe finishes, plush velvet, edgy art, and custom moments in every corner. Every detail has been hand-picked to feel cool, stylish, and just the right amount of indulgent.
Perfect for birthday weekends, couples trips, friend getaways, or any group that wants more than just a basic Airbnb.

© 10 minutes to Broadway, East Nashville, The Gulch, Germantown, Nissan Stadium and the best bars, food, and music in town.

2 minutes away from Dutch Bros, & the historic Jack's BBQ.

Every corner is photo-worthy. Have a photoshoot in the luxe dive bar or snap a pic with your favorite artists on the iconic outdoor mural.
Every night feels like an experience.

About The Space

Lucky's Lounge is spread across four thoughtfully designed levels, each offering its own unique vibe and comfort. 

Here's how the layout breaks down:

1st Floor (Garage Level)
Two full-size beds with an en suite bathroom — perfect for guests who want a bit of privacy or easy access without stairs.

2nd Floor
Two queen beds with an en suite bathroom, plus an additional half bath. This floor also features the infrared sauna and a spacious living area with bold design touches.

3rd Floor
Bedroom One: One king-size bed + daybed w/ trundle with a luxurious en suite bathroom, including double sinks and dual showerheads for a spa-like experience.

Bedroom Two: Four queen bunk beds with a private en suite bathroom - ideal for groups, families, or anyone ready to fully embrace the fun, sleepover-style vibe.

Each room is carefully styled with comfort and aesthetics in mind, giving everyone in your group a great space to unwind.

**Please Note: This beautiful home is part of a brand-new community that's still being completed. You'll be among the first to enjoy the Horizon pool, colorful mural, and the vibrant energy of the neighborhood. As some construction may still be in progress, we kindly ask for your patience with the possibility of light noise during your stay. Thank you for being part of this exciting new chapter!

📍 LOCATION
Conveniently located near Nashville’s top attractions:
• Minutes to Broadway & Downtown
• Close to Germantown, The Gulch, and Midtown
• Quick Uber ride to bars, restaurants, music venues, and Nissan Stadium
• Easy access to Nashville airport

💎 WHY GUESTS LOVE THIS HOME
✔ Luxury finishes throughout
✔ Rooftop hot tub + firepit
✔ Game room for entertainment
✔ Great for groups
✔ Community pool access
✔ Prime Nashville location
✔ Spacious layout with 4 private bathrooms

Whether you’re visiting for concerts, nightlife, SEC weekends, celebrations, or a relaxing city escape, this luxury Nashville home is designed to make your stay unforgettable.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional. 

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

Guest access
Entire home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting