URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1448070255970649830
Latitude: 36.15702
Longitude: -86.7737
rental_type: Room in hotel
property_type: HOTEL
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Vibrant energy meets Southern charm in the heart of The SoBro District at Holiday Inn & Suites Nashville Downtown – Broadway!
We are just steps from Nashville’s iconic nightlife on Broadway and top venues. 
Keep up with your fitness routine in our fully equipped Fitness Center or relax after a long day at our seasonal outdoor pool. For networking at happy hour, head to our on-site sports bar, Almost Friday Sporting Club.
Make us the ideal destination for a memorable stay in downtown Nashville

The space
✨ Why Book Our Official Listing?

✔ Just Steps from Broadway – Walk to world-famous music venues, nightlife, and iconic downtown landmarks.

✔ Pet-Friendly with No Fees – Bring your furry travel buddies along at no extra charge.

✔ On-Site Restaurant & Bar – Grab a bite or toast to your Nashville stay without leaving the hotel.

✔ Kids Eat Free – Enjoy stress-free, wallet-friendly family dining every day.

✔ 24/7 Convenience Store – Snacks, essentials, and late-night cravings covered around the clock.

✔ Free High-Speed Wi-Fi – Stay connected whether you're working or streaming your favorite tunes.


✨ Your Standard Queen Room

▶ Our spacious room is designed for up to 4 guests, offering a perfect blend of style and convenience.


▶ Sleeping Arrangements

✔ Two Queen Beds


▶ Room Highlights

✔ Sitting area

✔ Mini-Fridge and Coffee Maker

✔ Flat-screen TV

✔ Air conditioning

✔ Hairdryer

✔ Walk-in Shower


✨ Unmatched Hotel Amenities

▶ Beyond your room, indulge in amazing hotel amenities:

✔  Vinyl Record Library – Spin classics or discover hidden gems in a cozy, nostalgic corner.

✔  Vintage Arcade – Relive the fun with retro games perfect for all ages.

✔  Pool – Take a refreshing dip or lounge poolside for a perfect moment of relaxation.

✔  Health/Fitness Center – Stay energized with access to modern cardio and strength-training equipment.

✔  On-Site Laundry – Convenient facilities to keep your clothes fresh during your stay.

Guest access
24/7 service, always ready to welcome you.

Other things to note
✨Prime Downtown Nashville Location

▶ Featuring a prime downtown location near Nashville’s best attractions, Holiday inn & Suites Nashville Downtown puts you within walking distance of city's top attractions:

✔ Uncover the enigma behind "The Man in Black" with a visit to The Johnny Cash Museum

✔ Admire finest visual art from local, state, and regional artists, as well as major US and international exhibits at the First Art Museum

✔  Enjoy a fun atmosphere with top-notch performances at Tootsie's "World Famous" Orchid Lounge on Broadway

✔  Peruse the plaques dedicated to country music's finest – from Patsy Cline to Reba McEntire to Alan Jackson – and walk among artifacts like Johnny Cash's guitar and Elvis Presley's "solid gold" Cadillac limo at Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum

✔  Take a tour at Nelson's Green Brier Distillery if you are a fan of Tennessee whiskey and bourbon

✔  Admire  greenhouses, sculpture trails and chromatic flower displays, at the 55-acre Botanical Garden Cheekwood Estate & Gardens, which offers a sanctuary from downtown's bustle. The garden comprises multiple distinct gardens, including one dedicated to boxwoods, another focused on dogwoods, a rose garden, a Japanese garden, an herb garden and one intended to inspire writing that features a small amphitheater for literary events


✨Additional Details

✔ Check-in: 3:00 PM | Check-out: 11:00 AM

✔ Must be 21+ to book. Only the guest listed on the reservation may check in.

✔ Facility fee of $20+tax per night, this includes:
—  PassPass subscription
—  Lobby Arcade
—  Peloton Bike
—  Hosted Happy Hour in Almost Friday Sporting Club
—  Portable Record Players

✔ An incidental deposit of $100+tax per stay is required at arrival. This will be collected by credit card. You should be reimbursed within 7 days of check-out. Your deposit will be refunded in full by credit card, subject to an inspection of the property.

✔ On site parking available - Parking prices are dynamic and range from $52 - $66+tax per night

✔ Pet-Friendly: We love welcoming furry friends—your pets stay with you at no extra charge! No pet fees, just more cuddles and tail wags during your getaway.

✔ A la Carte daily breakfast available from 6:30-11:00 am 

✔ Hosted Happy Hour 4:00 PM – 5:00 PM featuring house drinks

✔  Almost Friday Sporting Club - Hours:
 
—  Lunch:  Thursday, Friday: 12:00 PM-3:00 PM
—  Dinner:  Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Sunday: 3:00 PM-9:00 PM,  Friday, Saturday: 3:00 PM-10:00 PM

✔  Bodega - Hours: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday: 6:30 AM-11:00 AM

✔ 24-Hour Market - our go to for snacks, drinks, and essentials anytime you need them

✔ Fitness center hours - 12:00 AM - 12:00 AM

✔ Pool Hours: 10:00 AM to 9:00 PM

✔  Services: Reception 24 Hours, Baggage storage, Express check-in/check-out

❗ IMPORTANT NOTE: Guests who do not check in as scheduled will be considered a no‑show.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Holiday Inn & Suites Nashville Downtown
Host User ID: 700936267
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/700936267
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
1 year hosting
79 reviews
4.68 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting