URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1198841057184102919
Latitude: 36.1595
Longitude: -86.8682
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Good Times House, a stylish Nashville home in The Nations, minutes from Broadway. Sleeps 10 across 3 bedrooms + sofa sleeper, with 4 full private bathrooms (rare for Nashville!). Perfect for bachelorette parties, girls trips, family vacations, friend groups & corporate travel.

Walk to Tee Line Nashville, Benji's Bagels & Agave's. A short drive to Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, The Gulch, Ryman Auditorium and 12 South.

By booking you agree to the House Rules & Rental Agreement.

The space
★★ WHY GUESTS KEEP COMING BACK ★★

⭐ Top home on Airbnb 
⭐ 4 full private bathrooms; no waiting, no sharing, no drama
⭐ Three levels of thoughtfully designed space for up to 10 guests
⭐ Record player, Bluetooth speaker in living
⭐ Smart TVs in every room
⭐ Fully stocked kitchen; cook in or head out, you're covered
⭐ Private garage parking + street overflow
⭐ Walk to Benji’s Bagels, Agave’s, Tee Line Nashville & neighborhood favorites
⭐ Superhost with 1,000+ five-star reviews across Tennessee

The Nations is known for its walkable streets, colorful murals, and trendy food scene, making it a favorite area for both locals and visitors.

★★  EXPLORE NASHVILLE FROM A GREAT LOCATION ★★ 

From this home, you’ll be close to Nashville’s most popular attractions:

📍 Broadway Honky Tonks – live music & nightlife (6 miles)
📍 The Gulch – restaurants, shopping & murals (6.7 miles)
📍 Bridgestone Arena – concerts & NHL games (6.7 miles)
📍 Nissan Stadium – Titans games & events (8.8 miles)
📍12 South – trendy restaurants, coffee shops, and shopping  (7 miles)
📍 Vanderbilt University (5 miles)
📍Belmont University (6.8 miles)
📍BNA Nashville Airport (14 miles)

Whether you're visiting for music, food, or a weekend getaway, this home offers the perfect mix of location, comfort, and local Nashville charm.

★★ PERFECT FOR NASHVILLE TRIPS ★★

This Nashville Airbnb is ideal for:

•Girls trips to Nashville

•Couples visiting Broadway

•Families exploring Music City

•Friends enjoying Nashville’s live music scene

After a day exploring downtown, return to a relaxing and comfortable home in one of Nashville’s most creative neighborhoods.

☆☆ YOUR HOME AWAY FROM HOME ☆☆

★★ AMENITIES ★★
•A startup supply of coffee, sugar, and creamer is provided
•Travel-sized shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and lotion is provided
•Trash bags, paper towels and toilet paper are provided
•All quality linens and towels are provided 
•Bag set
•Ladder ball

★★ LOWER LEVEL ★★
•Garage fits one large vehicle or two small vehicles
•Entry way
•Bedroom with king bed, Smart TV (no cable - bring your own passwords) and en suite full bathroom (shower tub/combo) 
•Front porch with seating and hammock

★★ MAIN LEVEL ★★
•Flex space with a queen sofa sleeper and table and chairs that sits 4 
•Fully stocked kitchen with all of your cooking needs
•Keurig duo coffee bar with regular coffee kcups, sugar and creamer
•Living area with Smart TV (no cable - bring your own passwords), dual record player and bluetooth speaker
•Outdoor balcony with seating
•Full bathroom with walk-in shower

★★ UPPER LEVEL ★★
•Bedroom with king bed, Smart TV (no cable - bring your own passwords) and en suite full bathroom with walk-in shower
•Washer & dryer closet with laundry detergent and dryer sheets provided
•Bedroom with queen bed, Smart TV (no cable - bring your own passwords) and twin bed with twin trundle & en suite full bathroom with tub/shower combo

★★ PARKING ★★
•There is a garage that fits two small vehicles or one large vehicle
•Street parking is also available

━━ PERFECT FOR ━━
✔ Nashville bachelorette parties and girls trips
✔ Family vacations and multi-gen getaways
✔ Friend groups and birthday celebrations
✔ Corporate retreats and team travel
✔ Couples traveling together

Guest access
You will have access to the entire property with the exception of the housekeeping/owners closets.

Other things to note
STAIRS
This is a three level property, so you must be able to climb stairs in order to access the entire space. The kitchen and living area are on the second floor.

PARKING
Street parking can be somewhat limited so we recommend carpooling. There is a private garage attached to the home to park up to two cars in. We do not provide a garage door opener as they unfortunately like to walk away, but you are welcome to use the garage during your stay.

NOISE
This is a development with multiple homes in it, and some are short term rentals. It is a stand alone property though and not attached to another unit. You may hear your neighbors coming and going from time to time, but typically the neighborhood is usually quaint and quiet compared to other Nashville developments.

PESTS
This is the South and a bug may get in from time to time. A licensed pest control service comes monthly to treat the property. If a major problem arises please let us know.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tara
Host User ID: 87523799
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/87523799
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey, I'm Tara! My husband and I own and self-manage vacation properties across Tennessee, all designed to feel like a true home away from home, not just another rental.

I'm a Superhost with over 1,000 5 Star reviews. Hospitality is genuinely what I love, which means you'll get fast responses, thoughtful touches in every property, and local recommendations you can actually trust.

Have questions before you book? Message me. I'm happy to help. I'd love to host you.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: University of Illinois
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
1099 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting