URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/19491404
Latitude: 36.19792
Longitude: -86.76592
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
East Nashville, Tennessee is known for its vibrant culture and thriving music scene, making it a popular destination for travelers.  Our 4 bedroom, 3 bathroom Airbnb provides guests with a comfortable and convenient place to stay while exploring the local culture and attractions. With its prime location, ample space, and high-quality amenities, guests are sure to have an enjoyable and memorable experience during their stay

The space
Welcome to our beautiful 4 bedroom, 3 full bathrooms home located in the heart of East Nashville, Tennessee! This spacious and cozy house is perfect for families or groups of friends looking to experience the charm and vibrancy of Music City.

As soon as you step inside, you'll be greeted by a warm and inviting atmosphere, with ample natural light and tasteful decor throughout. The living room is a great space for relaxing, with comfortable seating, a large flat-screen TV, and a cozy gas fireplace to keep you warm on chilly evenings.
The kitchen is fully equipped with all the essentials, including a stove, oven, fridge, dishwasher, microwave, and Keurig coffee maker, so you can start your day with a fresh cup of coffee. We provide free high-speed wireless internet, so you can stay connected during your stay. We also provide clean towels, fresh linens for each bed, and toiletries such as shampoo and conditioner, to make your stay as comfortable as possible.

The largest Guest Room is located on the first floor and sleeps two in a king size bed. It is the only bedroom on the lower level. Full bathroom with spacious shower located on the first floor as well. Room has flat screen tv with cable and built in streaming options. Large closet also available for your use. 

The Master Suite is located on the second floor and sleeps two in a king bed. Private bathroom with large walk in shower located in the room. Master suite has flat screen tv with cable and built in streaming options. Walk in closet and work desk also available for your use.

Also on the second floor are Guest Rooms 2 and 3. They are "Jack and Jill" style rooms, connected by full size bathroom and shower. They each sleep two in queen beds, and each have a twin sized rollaway bed for your use. (Rollaway beds are stored out of sight, in the closets). Bedroom doors can be locked for privacy. Both upstairs guest rooms have flat screen tvs with cable tv and built in streaming options.

Guest access
There is parking for two vehicles in the front of the home on a concrete pad, and parking for an additional two vehicles in the rear of home. Both the main front entrance and the rear entrance have a digital touchpad to be used in lieu of a key. Days before your arrival I will provide a unique code that will allow you access to the home. You are able to come and go as you please!

Other things to note
PLEASE No smoking in the house. Smoking allowed outside on front porch.  No pets. No parties or unexpected guests.

Otherwise, come and go as you please and ENJOY NASHVILLE!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andi
Host User ID: 132103752
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/132103752
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey! I'm Andi, Airbnb Superhost since 2017. 

Our Properties
In Atlanta, discover stylish, convenient stays in vibrant neighborhoods like Grant Park and Stone Mountain. In Nashville, immerse yourself in Music City's heart with strategically located properties close to the downtown action.

What to Expect
Expect clean, well-appointed spaces, modern amenities, and personalized assistance. I'm here to make your stay stress-free and enjoyable!
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: University of Georgia
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
1083 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting