URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/18092921
Latitude: 36.1754
Longitude: -86.7817
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This Condo has contemporary furnishings and great amenities i.e.; Fitness Center, Laundry area and Swimming Pool (Available 5/1 thru 10/31). The Unit is located on the Cumberland River near all of the major downtown Nashville Entertainment District venues; 2nd Avenue, Broadway and Printers Alley, Nissan Stadium NFL Tennessee Titans, Bridgestone Arena/ NHL Nashville Predators, the Ryman Auditorium, the Tennessee Performing Arts Center and First Tennessee Park home of the AAA Nashville Sounds.

The space
The Unit has one Bedroom, Full Bathroom with Walk-In Shower, Work Desk area in the Bedroom, a Kitchen with Dishwasher, Stove with Oven, Microwave, Refrigerator,  Drip Coffee Maker and Living Room with an Electric Fireplace, Chalk Wall, Big Screen Television for your viewing pleasure and a Lounge Sofa Sleeper for Your relaxation and comfort. This Condo is great for:
Romantic Getaways
Exploring Downtown Nashville Entertainment Venues
Relaxing with great River Front and Nashville Downtown Skyline views
Easy access to all of Nashville's Entertainment Locations and Sports Arenas
Located in the prestigious Germantown District with its' many eateries, pubs, the Farmers Market and the Tennessee State Museum

Guest access
You will be able to access the onsite Laundry, Exercise Facility and Pool with the Digital Card provided in the Condo. There is a nearby Krogers' Grocery, Drug Stores, Dining, shopping locations and Farmers Market in the Germantown area. In the core downtown area of Nashville you will find the entertainment venues located on 2nd Avenue, Broadway,  Printers Alley and in The Gulch. All within a 5 to 10 block radius of the Condominium

Other things to note
You have views of Nissan Stadium home of the NFL Tennessee Titans, the swimming pool and the downtown Nashville Skyline from the Condo Balcony. The Living Room has a 65 inch TV with Roku Express and the Bedroom television has a DVD Player for your viewing enjoyment with Netflix, Prime Video etc.! Bring your own favorite movies with you! We also provide access to Netflix, Prime Video, Hulu and other streaming apps for viewing via ROKU Express! There is also a Stereo CD Player and Digital Tuner in the Unit which has 3 mm audio jack connectivity for your personal devices as well! The Condo has a Vremi Air Purifier which comes equipped with HEPA Filtration to aid in the removal of common allergens with its Smart Air Quality System which filters air born microscopic viral particles to maintain a high quality of indoor air providing benefits such as: improving sleep, relieving asthma symptoms, eliminating harmful chemicals, and much more. It operates quietly and comes with a warm light with an adjustable brightness level, to create e relaxing and pleasant atmosphere.

POOL GUIDELINES: (The Pool is open May 1st thru Oct 31st)
1. Glass containers are never permitted in the pool area. Broken glass 
    at the pool can cause a shut down by the health department.
2. Pets are not permitted in the pool area.
3. Please be respectful of others enjoying the pool, and in the nearby 
    units. Rough housing, loud and disruptive behavior, profanity and loud 
    music are not permitted.
4. Walk – don’t run! Wet surfaces can be slippery.
5. The Pool, Laundry and Gym facilities require a Card Key to access. We 
     provide the Card Key, it is located on the countertop in the Unit.
6. Please do not prop the gate open and make sure that it closes behind 
    you when you enter. 
Thank you for observing the listed rules.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Ronald
Host User ID: 124606085
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/124606085
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Where I went to school: Alcorn State and Princeton University
My work: President CEO Sytrends Consulting
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
330 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting