URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1703102582962676303
Latitude: 36.14117
Longitude: -86.7615
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay just 10 minutes from Broadway, Belmont University, and Vanderbilt University in this spacious 3-bedroom townhome, perfect for groups of up to 10. Enjoy 5 real beds, FREE parking, a fully equipped kitchen, fast WiFi, Smart TV, and everything you need for an unforgettable Music City getaway. Whether you're visiting for a bachelorette trip, family vacation, concerts, or a weekend with friends, this stylish home is the perfect place to relax and experience the best of Nashville.

The space
THE SPACE

Welcome to Hart Suites Unit #5 your perfect home base for experiencing the best of Music City. Just 10 minutes from Broadway, this spacious 3-bedroom, 2.5-bath townhome combines modern comfort with thoughtful touches inspired by Nashville, creating a space that feels welcoming from the moment you arrive.

Whether you're visiting for a bachelorette weekend, family vacation, concert, or group getaway, you'll have plenty of room to relax, reconnect, and make unforgettable memories.

Sleeps up to 10 comfortably: Designed for larger groups with 3 spacious bedrooms, 5 real beds, and 2.5 bathrooms everyone enjoys a comfortable place to sleep, no air mattresses or fighting over the couch after a night on Broadway.

Fully equipped kitchen: Prepare breakfast before heading downtown, cook dinner together, or enjoy a quiet morning coffee. The kitchen includes everything you need, including a drip coffee maker for easy mornings.

In-unit washer and dryer: Pack lighter and stay longer with the convenience of private laundry during your stay.

Fast WiFi and smart TV: Stay connected with high-speed WiFi, stream your favorite shows, or catch up on work if needed.

Free on-site parking: Enjoy complimentary parking in the community lot, with additional nearby street parking  a valuable perk this close to downtown Nashville.

PRIME NASHVILLE LOCATION

You'll be just minutes from many of Nashville's most popular attractions: Broadway and the honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, the Ryman Auditorium and Country Music Hall of Fame, local favorites like Hattie B's Hot Chicken and Five Points Pizza, Centennial Park and Radnor Lake, and Nashville International Airport (BNA).

Close enough to enjoy all the excitement, yet far enough away to unwind and get a great night's sleep.

WHY GUESTS BOOK WITH US

Hosted by Nashville Nooks, a local boutique team dedicated to exceptional stays. Fast communication we typically respond within the hour. Professionally cleaned before every arrival, with self check-in via secure smart lock for a smooth start to your trip. From restaurant recommendations to questions during your stay, we're always just a message away.

GOOD TO KNOW

Self check-in begins at 4:00 PM with secure keyless entry. No pets allowed service animals are welcome in accordance with Airbnb's accessibility policy. Quiet hours begin at 9:00 PM to ensure a comfortable stay for everyone. Perfect for families, friends, business travelers, and group getaways this home is not suitable for parties or events. Exterior security cameras monitor the outside of the property for added safety (never inside the home). Located on a lively neighborhood street, so occasional road noise may be heard. Multiple homes in this community share a similar floor plan, so furnishings and décor may vary slightly from the listing photos.

Nashville weekends fill up quickly especially during concerts, festivals, football games, and bachelorette weekends. Reserve your dates today and make Hart Suites Unit #5 your home away from home in Music City.

Guest access
Guest Access:You'll have the ENTIRE townhome to yourselves all 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, full kitchen, living spaces, and in-unit laundry. No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group.

SELF CHECK-IN: Self check-in: your digital door code is sent by text/email 3 hours before check-in  just enter it on the smart lock keypad. A backup lockbox with a spare key is also on-site for emergencies. Message us anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking in the community lot (first-come, first-served) plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee maker everything in the home is yours to use from check-in to checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just a message away we typically respond within the hour if you need anything during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting