URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/701967902784424864
Latitude: 36.15336
Longitude: -86.76468
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to this 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom condo in the heart of Nashville. Enjoy an open-concept layout, city views, and a full kitchen with stainless steel appliances.

・Rooftop lounge, fitness center, cornhole court
・Blackout curtains and a white noise machine in the bedroom
・Shared laundry room on-site
・1.3 miles to Bridgestone Arena
・1.1 miles to Country Music Hall of Fame
・1.2 miles to Downtown Nashville

Settle in, cook a meal, and make the most of your Nashville stay.

The space
This modern retreat in Downtown Nashville, Tennessee, where comfort, convenience, and an unbeatable location come together. This stylish city-view condo at MUSE is just minutes from Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, Music Row, The Gulch, and Nashville's top attractions, making it the perfect home base for weekend getaways, concerts, business trips, and extended stays in the heart of Music City.

| 💖 💖 💖  What You'll Love  💖 💖 💖 |

・🫧  Shared laundry room on-site
・🛗  Elevator in the building and self check-in
・💤  Bedroom with blackout curtains and a white noise machine
・🏡  1 bedroom, 1 bathroom condo with an open-concept layout
・🏞️  Rooftop lounge, shared gym in the building, and cornhole court
・🌆  City views and contemporary furnishings with gold accent accents
・🍳  Full kitchen with stainless steel appliances plus a waffle iron, mixer, teapot, and blender
・🚶. The Drip Bar next door is an official Bounce luggage drop location for added convenience

| ❤️ ❤️ ❤️  Guests Reviews  ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ |

❛❛ Great location and a super comfortable and extremely clean downtown Nashville unit! Definitely recommend if you want to be close to some of the great things the city has to offer. ❜❜ (Mark)

❛❛ Loved it! Great place to stay. Very walkable in good weather! Super clean and great decor! ❜❜ (Machel)

❛❛ It was a nice quiet place, within walking distance of everything we wanted to do. Clean place and great usage of the square footage. ❜❜ (Nick)

Welcome to your Nashville home base in Music City. This second-floor condo puts you in a modern, easy-to-enjoy space with room to relax, cook, and unwind after a day out.

LIVING AREA
▷ Dedicated workspace is set up for getting a little work done
▷ Large window and sliding door bring in natural light and a city view
▷ Open living room with a sofa, smart TV, and board games for a relaxed night in

KITCHEN AND DINING
▷ Island with four counter stools for casual meals or hanging out
▷ Full kitchen with a stainless steel oven, stove, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, and coffee maker
▷ Extra prep and serving tools include dishes and silverware, wine glasses, a hot water kettle, toaster, and blender

BEDROOM
▷ Blackout curtains help keep the room dark for sleep
▷ White noise machine adds an extra layer of quiet at night
▷ Comfortable queen bed with bedside tables and reading lamps

BATHROOM
▷ Modern bathroom with a double vanity and shower/tub combo
▷ Sleek gray tile, open shelving, and bath essentials such as shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, and a hair dryer

OUTDOOR & BUILDING AMENITIES
▷ On-site cornhole court for a little friendly competition
▷ Shared gym in the building with cardio and strength equipment
▷ Rooftop lounge with outdoor seating and skyline views over the neighborhood

We’d love to host your Nashville stay, come settle in and enjoy the comfort and convenience of this condo.

| ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ NEARBY ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ |
▷ 1.3 miles to Bridgestone Arena
▷ 1.1 miles to Country Music Hall of Fame and Johnny Cash Museum
▷ 1.7 miles to Nissan Stadium
▷ 1 mile to Nashville Symphony Schermerhorn Symphony Center for concerts and performances
▷ 1.2 miles to  Downtown Nashville for easy exploring

・Broadway (Honky Tonk Highway) (1.2 miles)
・Music City Center (1.2 miles)
・Ryman Auditorium (1.2 miles)
・Johnny Cash Museum (1.1 miles)
・Assembly Food Hall (1.2 miles)
・Fifth + Broadway (1.5 miles)
・Printer's Alley (1.3 miles)
・Tennessee State Museum (2.4 miles)
・Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park (2.5 miles)
・Nashville Farmers' Market (2.5 miles)
・The Parthenon (Centennial Park) (4.1 miles)
・Centennial Park (3.4 miles)
・Belmont Mansion (3.5 miles)
・Vanderbilt University (2.4 miles)
・The Gulch (1.5 miles)
・Geodis Park (3.1 miles)
・Nashville Zoo at Grassmere (7.7 miles)
・Lane Motor Museum (2.4 miles)
・Belle Meade Historic Site & Winery (10 miles)
・Cheekwood Estate & Gardens (12.3 miles)
・Andrew Jackson's Hermitage (13.6 miles)
・Grand Ole Opry (10 miles)
・Gaylord Opryland Resort (10.5 miles)
・Opry Mills (9.7 miles)
・Radnor Lake State Park (9.4 miles)
・Percy Warner Park (17.3 miles)
・Long Hunter State Park (21.9 miles)
・Historic Downtown Franklin (21.8 miles)

Whether you're here for live music, sporting events, world-famous dining, or to experience everything Downtown Nashville, Tennessee has to offer, this modern MUSE condo puts you close to it all. Enjoy premium amenities, a fully equipped kitchen, comfortable accommodations, and easy access to Nashville's most iconic destinations for a memorable stay in the heart of Music City.

Guest access
As our guest, you'll have full access to the entire property, except for a few areas reserved for house supplies.

Other things to note
| ▼ Things to Know |

☑︎ Check-in time: 4:00 PM
☑︎ Check-out time: 10:00 AM
☑︎ Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM - 8:00 AM
☑︎ All guests shall abide good neighbor policy and shall not engage in illegal activity.
☑︎ NO smoking is permitted anywhere on the premises.
☑︎ Streaming services available with guests’ own account(s)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Casago Middle Tennessee 1⁩
Host User ID: 134126657
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/134126657
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Casago Middle Tennessee

A franchise partner of Casago- Our Team are local owners who manage properties like they are our own- with pride, care and efficiency.
Speaks Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish
Lives in Sevierville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
16771 reviews
4.51 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting