URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/17900059
Latitude: 36.2206
Longitude: -86.741
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Escape to Wildcat Cottage in vibrant Inglewood, Nashville! This charming house provides a tranquil retreat with a stylish blend of art and nature. Guests can enjoy a well-equipped kitchen perfect for preparing meals, and a cozy living room ideal for relaxation. The property also features a backyard space, offering opportunities to unwind or entertain. Explore nearby attractions, including local shops and restaurants. Wildcat Cottage is perfect for a relaxing getaway!

The space
Our space is cozy, warm and inviting. Quaint enough with it's unique charm, yet spacious for all to spread out and enjoy!

One Level LIving:
King Bedroom with ensuite Full Bathroom
Queen Bedroom
2nd Full Bathroom
Double Bedroom

Living Room
Fully Stocked Kitchen
Dining Room
Outdoor Space with Furniture and a Fire pit (bring your own wood)!

👥 Extra Guests
Please make sure your reservation reflects the correct number of guests. We do not allow large gatherings or parties. If you’d like to have a couple of friends or family visit briefly, no problem— just shoot us a message ahead of time for approval.

Unapproved visitors, events, or parties may result in early checkout and additional fees of $500 or more. Please note: exterior cameras are used for safety and property protection.

🎈 Decorations
No glitter or confetti, please—they may seem like a sparkly dream, but they turn into a housekeeping scream! NO decorations on Wallpaper!

Please remove all decorations before departure

🤫 Quiet Hours
We ask that you respect our neighbors by keeping outdoor noise levels down.

🚭 No Smoking
Smoking is not allowed inside, or within 25 feet of the property. If you smoke outdoors, please stay clear of the house and keep windows and doors closed to avoid odors inside.

A $500 fee will apply if smoke of any kind is detected in the home.

🛠️ Breakages
We get it—accidents happen! If anything breaks or gets damaged during your stay, just give us a quick heads-up. We’d rather hear from you than find a surprise later. Thanks for keeping things thoughtful and honest—it goes a long way!

🧼 Excessive Mess
The cleaning fee does not cover excessive mess.

We truly value and respect our cleaning team— and we ask that you do too by leaving the space in good condition. We would never want our cleaners to walk into a disaster or be exposed to anything unsanitary or disrespectful.

Please follow our easy check-out instructions in this welcome book to avoid additional fees.

Thanks for helping us keep things country-cool, classy, and cozy!

⏰ EARLY CHECK-INS OR LATE CHECK-OUTS:
Early check-in or late check-outs must be PRE-ARRANGED. We have our cleaners scheduled at specific times and are unable to make last minute changes. Any non pre-arranged late check-outs will result in withholding of deposit.

The only way we can guarantee an early check-in is if the night prior to your stay is available, we can block it off for you at half the price. Same goes for late check-out, if there is no one booked the night of your check out date, we can block off the night for you for a guaranteed late check-out at half the price.

Guest access
The entire space is accessible to our guests.

Other things to note
There are a two small flights of stairs to enter the house!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Charli
Host User ID: 17196682
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/17196682
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi there! We are an old married couple in our mid 30's, or at least we act like one. 
Neill is a pharmacist and I am housemaid..err..a stay at home mom! We are both easy going and very much enjoy hosting others, whether in our personal home or our rentals. We can’t wait to host you & yours!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
854 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting