URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1482075802746707246
Latitude: 36.1563
Longitude: -86.7738
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to SoBro Guest House (Units 22–25) by AvantStay! 

- 4 boutique-style suites in one building, SoBro district
- Total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping 8 guests
- Walkable to Broadway, bars, restaurants, and live music
- Full kitchens, cozy living areas, and luxe amenities
- Each suite features original art by a local muralist
- Designed for group stays with hotel-style comfort

The space
Welcome to SoBro Guest House (Units 22–25) by AvantStay! These four boutique-style suites are located in one building in the heart of Nashville’s SoBro neighborhood, with a combined total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping 8 guests—an ideal option for friend groups or couples’ getaways looking to stay steps from the city’s top attractions while enjoying stylish, hotel-style comfort.

Set just a few blocks from Broadway and surrounded by the buzz of the SoBro district, this stay offers unmatched walkability to Nashville’s legendary live music, top-rated restaurants, and must-visit local shops. When it’s time to unwind, your suite becomes the perfect city retreat—modern, cozy, and curated with comfort in mind.

Each of the four apartment-style suites includes a private bedroom, full kitchen, and inviting living space, making it easy to enjoy group time while still having your own personal haven. Expect luxe linens, smart TVs, artisanal bath products, and local coffee beans for easy mornings. Each unit is also adorned with original artwork by Nashville muralist Nathan Brown, bringing a unique splash of local personality to your space.

Whether you’re planning a birthday trip, bachelorette weekend, or just a spontaneous city escape, SoBro Guest House Suites 22–25 deliver boutique vibes, unbeatable location, and plenty of room for your whole crew.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

SoBro, short for South of Broadway, is one of Nashville's most exciting and walkable neighborhoods. Just steps from Broadway's legendary honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, and the Country Music Hall of Fame, it's a place where music, food, and local culture collide. You'll find some of the city's best restaurants, rooftop bars, and coffee shops nestled alongside art galleries, boutique shopping, and vibrant street murals. With downtown and The Gulch just minutes away, SoBro is the perfect home base for exploring the very best of Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvnatStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- There is no elevator onsite.
- The specific layout and decor within each suite may vary from what is shown in the images.
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- This unit is located on the 3rd floor. Guests will need to go up two flights of stairs to access it.

Parking Details:
- The SoBro guest house parking lot operates on a paid nightly structure. Overnight parking is $35 per night. Short-term parking is $5 for up to 1 hour and $35 for 1–24 hours.
- Guests of AvantStay will receive a 25% discount during their stay. Use discount code GST25.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620307121

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting