URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/555003802932082787
Latitude: 36.14807
Longitude: -86.78208
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Illume 302

The space
This elegant one-bedroom condo boasts modern design and a spacious, open layout. Enjoy a superb end-unit location at Illume, a brand-new complex that brims with Nashville charm. Set in Gulch View - a prime locale near downtown and The Gulch - this urban escape is minutes from the city’s incredible music scene, fantastic dining, local shopping, and nightlife hotspots. Luxe amenities include a beautifully landscaped courtyard, a fitness center, and a seasonal pool in the heart of the building. Pairing contemporary style with a sustainable design, this forward-thinking retreat includes energy-efficient systems and a green roof. Stylishly appointed, this rental includes a furnished balcony with views of the pool and the city.

The light and bright living space is detailed with sleek furnishings. Unwind on the leather chairs and sleeper sofa. Watch shows on the 50-inch smart TV with streaming capabilities for Amazon Prime video, Netflix, and Hulu. The well-equipped kitchen is outfitted with stainless steel appliances and cooking essentials like olive oil and spices. Extras include a Keurig machine, a multi-function coffee maker, a tea kettle, and a toaster. The dining table seats four - ideal for eating, gathering, or working.

This condo sleeps four guests between the bedroom and a queen sofa bed in the living area. Partially open to the living area, the bedroom is furnished with a king bed. The bathroom has a tub/shower combination.

Sip drinks on the balcony overlooking the city and pool. A bench and bistro set offers seating for four.

Enjoy a central location near some of the city’s most popular neighborhoods. Walk to The Gulch and explore local boutiques, a vibrant nightlife, and one of the hottest food scenes in the city. You’re also near other sought-after areas, including Music Row and Edgehill Village. Or, take a quick rideshare to downtown to visit the convention center and iconic Nashville attractions like the Country Music Hall of Fame and Ryman Auditorium. Bridgestone Arena and Nissan Stadium are also a short drive away.

Shared Amenities
・Outdoor swimming pool (open seasonally)
・Furnished pool deck with gas grill
・Private landscaped courtyard
・Fitness center
・Public Wi-Fi at pool
・Lounge
・Two secured elevators
・On-site overnight security
・Dog walk (note: not all condos are dog-friendly)
・Craft hair and nail salon is located downstairs in the building.

Guest access
As our guest, you'll have full access to the entire property, except for a few areas reserved for house supplies.

Other things to note
| ▼ Things to Know |

☑︎ Check-in time: 4:00 PM
☑︎ Check-out time: 10:00 AM
☑︎ Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM - 8:00 AM
☑︎ All guests shall abide good neighbor policy and shall not engage in illegal activity.
☑︎ NO smoking is permitted anywhere on the premises.
☑︎ Streaming services available with guests’ own account(s)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Casago Middle Tennessee 3⁩
Host User ID: 443141200
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/443141200
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Casago Middle Tennessee

A franchise partner of Casago- Our Team are local owners who manage properties like they are our own- with pride, care and efficiency.
Speaks Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
2120 reviews
4.51 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting