URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1504493670446066241
Latitude: 36.1564
Longitude: -86.8162
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 20
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
TWO beautiful new townhomes carefully curated by local designers to make your visit to Nashville one for the books
Located within walking distance to Vanderbilt & minutes from lower Broadway, this is the spot for your bachelor/bachelorette party, family vacation, golf trip, or just a spur of the moment trip to Nashville memorable. The picturesque rooftop decks offer views of the downtown skyline, perfect for photos with friends & all your social media feeds

The space
Situated in the City Heights neighborhood these luxurious properties offer a total of 10 Bedrooms (8 standard bedrooms and 2 bunk rooms), and 8 full bathrooms for you and your group to stretch out and enjoy. The home is very stylish and decorated with modern furniture, unique artwork, hardwood floors, and boast a private rooftop with beautiful panoramic city views.

$5 Uber/Lyft ride to Broadway, the Ryman, the Gulch, Bridgestone Arena, and Nissan Stadium. Walk to West End, Parthenon, Vanderbilt

A prime location with easy access to major highways; you’re a hop, skip, and jump from area attractions including museums, live music, and local restaurants. The location is walking distance to some of the best spots in Nashville and only a short Uber ride to Broadway. Close to the Ryman, Music City Music Works, Top-Golf, The Gulch, Germantown, East Nashville, 12th South and a short Uber/Lyft ride to just about anywhere in Nashville.

The rooftop deck is private and boasts amazing panoramic views of the DOWNTOWN NASHVILLE SKYLINE. The rooftop deck features comfortable outdoor furniture to enjoy while taking in the beautiful Nashville skyline.

Large open living rooms and kitchens with island and bar seating. The living areas are bright, open, airy, and perfect for entertaining. Unwind in the open living room and watch the large 55" SmartTVs. These gorgeous homes are brand new construction and newly furnished by local designer and is professionally decorated with every detail in mind!

⭐⭐SLEEPING ARRANGEMENT (Home 1)⭐⭐

☆ Bedroom 1 ☆
🛏️Bed: King-size bed
📺TV: 50" wall-mounted Smart TV
🗄Storage: Large walk-in closet
🛁Bathroom: En suite with walk-in shower and double vanity

☆ Bedroom 2 ☆
🛏️Beds: Two queen-size beds
📺TV: Smart TV
🗄Storage: Walk-in closet
🛁Bathroom: Full en suite bathroom
Location: Third floor

☆ Bedroom 3 ☆
🛏️Beds: Queen-over-queen bunk bed
🗄Storage: Large walk-in closet
🛁Bathroom: Private full en suite bathroom
Location: Second floor

☆ Bedroom 3 ☆
🛏️Beds: Two full (double) beds
🗄Storage: Large closet
🛁Bathroom: Full en suite bathroom
Location: First floor

☆ Bonus Room ☆
🛏️Beds: Twin-over-twin bunk bed with an additional twin trundle
Room Size: Smaller-sized bedroom
Ideal for: Kids or additional guests
Location: Third floor

⭐⭐SLEEPING ARRANGEMENT (Home 2)⭐⭐

☆ Bedroom 1 ☆
🛏️Bed: King-size bed

☆ Bedroom 2 ☆
🛏️Beds: Queen-size beds

☆ Bedroom 3 ☆
🛏️Beds: Two double-size beds

☆ Bedroom 4 ☆
🛏️Beds: 4 double beds

☆ Bonus Room ☆
🛏️Beds: 4 double beds

★☆ House Policies and Rules ☆★
Guests are expected to follow House Policies and Rules. By booking this space you acknowledge that you have read and agree to them. For details, please refer to the house rules section or message us for clarification.
As always, we ask all our guests to be mindful of noise levels to ensure a harmonious stay for everyone.

NOTE: Our location is IDEAL for group gatherings, including Bachelor and Bachelorette celebrations. The 'No Parties/Events' is for traditional house parties. Please note no outside guests or public parties are permitted.

Guest access
Guests will have full access to the entire home, including the spacious two-car garage and the private rooftop deck—perfect for relaxing or enjoying views of the city. You'll also be able to enjoy the community's shared outdoor amenities, including a fire pit and grill area, ideal for gathering with friends or family. While the fire pit and grill are shared with other residents in the community, they offer a great space to unwind and socialize during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: John
Host User ID: 43800255
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/43800255
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
2623 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting