URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/655147030078359622
Latitude: 36.1369
Longitude: -86.787
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 8
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Nashvilla | Chill Vibes, Top Location, Sleeps 10

The space
This is the sweet-spot where easy luxury meets laid-back vibes—perfect for unwinding after a day exploring Nashville’s trendiest neighborhoods.

Welcome to Nashvilla - a home that balances modern living with an unbeatable location to explore all of Music City. This modern 3BR/3.5BA retreat is more than just a place to crash—it’s where stylish design, upscale comfort, and an unbeatable location come together to elevate your Nashville experience. Hosting up to 10 guests with 8 comfy beds across 1,941 square feet, Nashvilla is the go-to spot for best friends, family getaways, or college reunions.

Smack dab between the Gulch and 12 South, you’ll be surrounded by Nashville’s coolest restaurants, coffee shops, and music spots—but also tucked away just enough to catch your breath and recharge.

Inside, you’ll find 10-foot ceilings, warm wood floors, and natural light that makes everything feel just right. Sink into a king bed, binge your favorite shows on one of five smart TVs, or whip up brunch in a gourmet kitchen that’s ready for group hangs. And don’t miss the music-themed rec room—it’s a crowd-pleaser.

Sleep Easy: House Layout & Bed Setup

First Floor - Music-themed rec room, two full sleeper sofas

Second Floor - Bedroom 1: King bed, en-suite bath with walk-in shower, Full sleeper sofa in the living room

Third Floor - Bedroom 2 (Main Suite): King bed, loveseat, TV, walk-in closet, spa-like en-suite bath with walk-in shower

Bedroom 3: King bed + 2 twin beds, TV, large closet, en-suite bath with tub/shower combo

What Makes It Awesome

✓	Hi-speed Wi-Fi

✓	5 Smart TVs 

✓	Coffee maker

✓	Washer/dryer

✓	Fresh linens, towels, soaps, and shampoos

✓	Upstairs/downstairs A/C

✓	Fully loaded kitchen with high-end appliances

✓	Attached 2-car garage

✓	Extra space next to garage (if available)

✓	Free street parking

✓	Keyless entry with garage door keypads and 24/7 guest access

✓	Custom digital guidebook with local deals

A Few Must-Knows

•	No parties or events allowed

•	Noise monitoring technology onsite (no audio recording)

•	Ring cameras at front door and garage (no interior cameras)

Right in the Middle of Everything

Nashvilla sits on a quiet cul-de-sac right in the heart of Music City. You’re a short walk or quick drive to:

•	12 South

•	The Gulch

•	Belmont

•	Music Row

•	Vanderbilt

•	Lower Broadway

•	The Ryman

•	Bridgestone Arena

•	Nissan Stadium

•	Country Music Hall of Fame

•	Music City Center

Bars and Restaurants Nearby

•	Milk & Honey (Gulch) ~ 0.4 mi – Café meets cocktail lounge in a chic industrial space; great for coffee, light bites, or an elevated casual evening.

•	Killebrew Coffee ~ 0.3 mi – Bright coffeehouse with beans roasted on-site, spacious seating, and a relaxed atmosphere perfect for morning catch‑ups.

•	The Stillery (12 South) ~ 1.2 mi – Brick‑fired pizzas, mason‑jar cocktails, and live‑music energy with roomy indoor/outdoor seating.

•	Assembly Food Hall ~ 1.8 mi – Massive food hall with 20+ kitchens and a rooftop deck; communal seating makes it easy for everyone to eat what they want while staying together.

•	The Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden ~ 1.5 mi – Retro beer garden with long picnic tables, craft sodas, and legendary burgers—fun and casual for groups.

Other Attractions

•	Germantown – 3.5 mi

•	Downtown Broadway – 2.5 mi

•	Top Golf – 5 mi

•	Bicentennial Park – 3 mi

•	Grand Ole Opry – 12 mi

•	Nearby Venues:

•	Marathon Music Works – 2.3 mi

•	Ascend Amphitheater – 2.3 mi

•	Ryman Auditorium – 2 mi

The Invitation

Nashvilla is where quality meets location. Whether you're coming for concerts, culture, or connection, this home is a quiet retreat just minutes from the action. Walk to coffee shops, brunch spots, and boutiques—or hop in a quick ride to Broadway and the Ryman. From curated style to smart amenities, this is the kind of space that makes your trip easier, more fun, and way more memorable.

Meet the Hosts  

iTrip Nashville is a dedicated vacation rental company based in Nashville, TN. Our team is committed to providing a five-star experience for the guests we have the honor of hosting. From spotless spaces to seamless check-ins, we ensure that every detail is covered upon your arrival. We’re available 24/7 to assist as needed. Be our guests and allow us to help you create unforgettable memories in Nashville.  

Love this property but your dates aren’t available? Reach out to us! We manage a variety of unique rentals across the area and would be happy to recommend another property that fits your needs.

Metro STR Permit 20161then2674

Other things to note
Please note that we may collect additional information from you after confirming your booking (usually an email address) in order to comply with local regulations and to provide the best possible experience.

Regulatory Information

20161_2674

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ITrip Nashville
Host User ID: 260899725
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/260899725
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
iTrip Vacations Nashville is a locally owned business that works very hard to provide world-class guest experiences for tens of thousands of guests each year.

Kevin and the entire iTrip staff loves all things Music City and enjoys interacting with visitors and creating wonderful memories for all who travel here or locals getting out and about. 

Please ask if you need anything.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
3662 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting