URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1427011561851045739
Latitude: 36.1651
Longitude: -86.7776
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into Music Alley, a beautifully designed haven in the heart of downtown Nashville. Hidden along historic Bankers Alley, steps from Printers Alley and an easy walk to Broadway, this space blends boutique style with room to breathe. Spread out across two living areas, cook up a feast in the chef-inspired kitchen, or unwind in one of four bedrooms, including bunk rooms and a primary suite. Here, you get the best of downtown Nashville within walking distance, without sacrificing your space.

The space
⭐ Amenities:
- Located in the heart of Downtown Nashville, just a 5-minute walk from Broadway's legendary honky-tonks, live music venues, and nightlife
- Nestled in historic Bankers Alley, surrounded by exposed brick buildings, art galleries, and charming outdoor cafes
- A quick 3-minute stroll to Printers Alley, one of Nashville's most historic entertainment districts
- An easy 11-minute walk to Nissan Stadium and Bridgestone Arena, ideal for game days and concerts
- A rare find in the heart of downtown Nashville, this nearly 2,500 sq ft, 4-bedroom layout offers space you won't often find this close to Broadway
- Two spacious open-concept living areas with their own smart TVs give larger groups plenty of room to spread out and relax
- A fully equipped, chef-inspired kitchen ready for late-night feasts or morning coffee runs
- In-unit washer and dryer, so you can pack light and stay as long as you'd like

🛋️ Living Areas:
- Two open-concept living spaces, so the group never feels cramped no matter the size
- Designer furnishings throughout that elevate every corner of the home
- Smart TVs in each living area, perfect for pregame rituals or winding down after a night out
- Plush sofas and additional lounge seating for sinking into after a long day exploring the city

🍽️ Kitchen Dining:
- A fully equipped, chef-inspired kitchen built for cooking and entertaining as a group
- White Café Collection appliances finished with warm brass accents for a stylish, upscale touch
- Fridge, dishwasher, single oven, 4-burner gas range, microwave, and toaster to handle any meal
- Drip coffee maker and Nespresso machine, so everyone can get their coffee fix their way
- An oversized island with bar seating for 3, perfect for casual bites or watching the chef at work
- A bonus bar-height counter just outside the kitchen with seating for 2 more guests
- A dedicated dining table seating 8, ideal for family-style dinners or game night
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filter

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom: King bed, exposed brick accent wall, smart TV, and private en-suite bathroom
- Bedroom 2: Custom Queen-over-Queen bunk beds with built-in stairs, and a wardrobe for clothing storage
- Bedroom 3: Custom Queen-over-Queen bunk beds with built-in stairs, and a wardrobe for clothing storage
- Bedroom 4: King bed, cushioned bench seating, smart TV, and curated wall art

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom: Spa-inspired en-suite with a single vanity and walk-in glass shower
- Bathroom 2: Wood vanity with brass fixtures and walk-in glass shower
- Bathroom 3: walk-in glass shower with dual shower heads and grab bar
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper

🚗 Parking:
- Paid Parking lots are nearby
- Paid Street Parking is Available

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
2 min walk: Skull's Rainbow Room
2 min walk: Bourbon Street Blues and Boogie Bar
3 min walk: Lonnie's Western Room
3 min walk: Nashville Public Square Park
3 min walk: Dirty Little Secret
3 min walk: Fort Nashborough
3 min walk: Printers Alley
4 min walk: Still G.I.N Lounge By Dre and Snoop
4 min walk: Category 10
4 min walk: Alley Taps
4 min walk: Jeff Ruby's Steakhouse
5 min walk: Broadway
5 min walk: Blueprint Underground Cocktail Club
6 min walk: Frothy Monkey
6 min walk: Hard Rock Cafe
7 min walk: Kid Rock's Big Honky Tonk & Steakhouse
7 min walk: Barstool
7 min walk: Jason Aldean's Kitchen + Rooftop Bar
8 min walk: Johnny Cash Museum
8 min walk: Dierks Bentley's Whiskey Row
9 min walk: Robert's Western World
10 min walk: AJ's Good Time Bar
11 min walk: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
11 min walk: The Twelve Thirty Club
11 min walk: Assembly Food Hall
11 min walk: Skydeck on Broadway
11 min walk: Pushing Daisies
11 min walk: Sixty Vines
11 min walk: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
13 min walk: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
15 min walk: Topgolf

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
4 mins: Germantown
5 mins: Music City Center
5 mins: SOBRO
6 mins: Close Company Bar
7 mins: The Gulch
8 mins: Geodis Park
9 mins: Midtown
9 mins: Music Row
9 mins: RCA Studio
9 mins: Vanderbilt University
10 mins: 12 South
10 mins: Centennial Park
10 mins: Tennessee State University
10 mins: The Parthenon
11 mins: Belmont Mansion
13 mins: McCabe Golf Course
16 mins: Grand Ole Opry
16 mins: Nashville Zoo

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within two (2) hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2025 Followed By:2025042552

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms! 
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.
         - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, Makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can.  
         - We'll also be sure to provide you with two (2) paper towel rolls per kitchen and two (2) rolls of bathroom tissue per bathroom. 
         - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
17855 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting