URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1212469260735052486
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into the rhythm of Nashville with a stay at our Chic and Upbeat Good Vibes Only suite.🎶

Just steps from Broadway, this chic retreat offers top-notch amenities, including a pool, sky lounge with city views, gym with rock climbing, and a private balcony. Perfectly located for exploring Music City’s best attractions.

-Heated Pool+fire pits+grills
-Stunning sky lounge w/city views
-Gym w/indoor rock climbing
-Private balcony
-In-unit washer+dryer
-Fast wif
-Selfie Ring 

Permit #2018072020

The space
Welcome to the Good Vibes Only Suite, your ultimate Nashville getaway just steps from the energy of Broadway and the iconic Music City Center. Immerse yourself in the vibrant culture with top attractions like the Country Music Hall of Fame, Bridgestone Arena, and the Ryman Auditorium all within a short walk.

Inside the suite, unwind on two comfortable queen beds, a sofa bed, or a rollaway bed. The full bathroom is stocked with fluffy towels and essential toiletries for your convenience. Enjoy thoughtful touches like a Bluetooth speaker to set the perfect ambiance and a Ring selfie camera to capture unforgettable memories during your stay.

★☆ Our building offers
☀ Sparkling pool with sunbeds and cabanas – soak up the sun and cool off in style.
☀ Indoor and outdoor lounge and workspaces – catch up on emails or curl up with a book.
☀ 2 floor Commercial fitness center and rock climbing wall – stay active and have some fun!
☀ Courtyard with grill and patio for a relaxing hangout space or some pre-game time.
☀ Skylounge!!

Nearby Highlights:

☀4-minute walk to Country Music Hall of Fame & Museum
☀7-minute walk to Broadway Strip and Bridgestone Arena
☀10-minute walk to The Ryman Auditorium
☀20-minute walk to Titans Stadium
☀Easy access to top restaurants, bars, and entertainment spots

★☆Restaurants Nearby:
☀2 blocks to Starbucks
☀9 Min Drive to Parlour Doughnuts
☀9 Min Drive to The Stillery
☀3 Min Walk to 6th & Peabody
☀5 Min Walk to Bar : Cigar Especial
☀2 Min Drive to The Goat Sobro
☀11 Min Drive to Till Five Pizza
☀2 Min Drive to Pie Town Tacos
☀3 Min Walk to white duck taco shop
☀3 Min Walk to Yee-Haw Brewing Co
☀3 Min Walk to Martin's Bar-B-Que Joint
☀2 Min Drive to Husk
☀2 Min Drive to Cremma Coffee Roasters
☀2 Min Drive to Pinewood
☀13 Min Drive to J. Alexander's Restaurant
☀13 Min Drive to Athens Family Restaurant
☀6 Min Drive to Whole Foods Market
☀4 Min Drive to Peg Leg Porker BBQ
☀2 Min Drive to Assembly Food Hall
☀5 Min Walk to Bajo Taco at the Country Music hall of music
☀2 Min Drive to BakersField Nashville
☀2 Min Drive to The Diner Nashville
☀3 Min Drive to Riverfront Park
☀3 Min Drive to NashHouse Southern Spoon & Saloon
☀13 Min Drive to Redheaded Stranger
☀3 Min Drive to Little Fib
☀2 Min Walk to QC Kitchen
☀4 Min Walk to Yolan

★☆Hospitals:
☀3 Min Drive to Zachary Renfro
☀14 Min Drive to TriStar Centennial Medical Ctr
☀14 Min Drive to Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
☀14 Min Drive to Ascension st Thomas Hospital West

★☆Transportation:
☀2 Min Walk to 4th Avenue South Bus Stop
☀16 Min Drive to John C Tune Airport
☀9 Min Drive to Nashville International Airport

Other things to note
☀Parking in the city can be expensive and it is first come first serve. For $35/night, we have a designated parking space in our gated garage you can use for your stay with us!

Guest access
Our keyless LATCH entry system provides for a easy self check in and gives you direct access to ALL amenities. This system also provides the peace of mind of a safe & secure building.

Other things to note
Enjoy your Experience!!😊
🤳Ring selfie camera- we have provided a ring camera for guest to capture unforgettable moments. $600.00 fee will be applied if broken or damaged.
🏊‍♂️Heated Pool Rules provided by the building- Open hours are from 10am-8pm. NO GLASS by the pool. You may use plastic container ONLY.
🍷A $500.00 fine will be issued by the property if you or anyone in your group is seen with a glass by the pool.
If glass breaks inside of the pool, a $2,000.00 fine will be issued by the property if you or anyone from your group breaks a glass inside the pool.
No loud music is permitted.
*The host is Not responsible if any building amenity is unavailable during your stay. No refund will be permitted.

Courtyard-hours are from 10am-10pm

Quiet Hours- 10pm-7am

The building is a smoke-free community. There is no smoking of any kind allowed in the unit or anywhere in the property/balcony.
Smoking must be at least 15 feet away from building.
A $250.00 fine will be issued by the property for smoking violations.

No Parties/No Events
No Pets
No commercial photography and filming

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Taneka
Host User ID: 439305816
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/439305816
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a Super Host with excellent customer service to my guest. I love to enjoy life.  Character, morals and integrity are the standards I abide by. I love catering to our guest and providing superb customer service is our number one priority! If you are looking for a beautiful, relaxing, comfortable, peaceful stays, then our properties are for you! You won’t regret it!!
My work: Nurse
Favorite song in high school: I Will Always Love You - Whitney Houston
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
362 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting