URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1466946181713812928
Latitude: 36.1969
Longitude: -86.8276
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Heights by AvantStay!

- 2 homes, right across the street from each other in Nashville's scenic bluffside neighborhood
- Total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping 12 guests
- Stylish, modern condos with contemporary finishes
- Fully equipped kitchens with modern appliances
- In-unit washer and dryer for added convenience
- Minutes from Downtown Nashville, with easy access to Midtown, Germantown, and the Gulch
- Nearby retail, dining, and nightlife options

The space
These two homes are located right across the street from each other, with a combined total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping up to 12 guests—an ideal option for family trips or groups looking to spread out.

Both units are nestled in a scenic bluffside neighborhood, just minutes from Downtown Nashville. Enjoy a refined home base in a rapidly growing area with retail, dining options, and easy access to the city’s top attractions, greenways, and vibrant nightlife. Whether you’re heading to Midtown, Germantown, or the Gulch, you’ll find everything you need right outside your door.

The Heights #301
Step into this contemporary condo, professionally designed with stylish finishes and curated furnishings. This 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom space comfortably sleeps 6 guests and features an inviting living area perfect for relaxing after a day in the city. The fully equipped kitchen offers modern appliances for easy, home-cooked meals, while the in-unit washer and dryer add extra convenience. Perfect for longer stays or getting ready for a night on the town, this unit is designed for comfort and convenience.

The Heights #302
This modern, design-forward condo offers the same high-end finishes and curated furnishings as Unit #301. With 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, it comfortably accommodates 6 guests. The bright and welcoming living area is perfect for unwinding, and the fully stocked kitchen ensures you have everything you need to dine in. The in-unit washer and dryer provide added convenience for guests staying longer or preparing for an evening out.

Please note:
- The elevator is not available for guest use.
- These units are located on the third floor, and there are 46 steps from the first floor to these units. This property is not suitable for guests with mobility limitations.

Looking for more space? The Heights condos are located steps from one another and can be rented together to accommodate larger groups.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There's a reason Nashville has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, Avantstay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Noise is expected. This home is close to downtown Nashville, so street traffic and city sounds can be heard, especially in the evenings and on weekends. Sound machines and earplugs are provided for your comfort.

Parking Details:
- 2 cars are allowed per unit.
- Parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis in front of the building or to the right as you enter the complex.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2025034984 / 2025034985

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6902 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting