URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1573271383520577607
Latitude: 36.1915
Longitude: -86.7633
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your private, fully-furnished sanctuary in East Nashville! This bright, separate 1BR/1BA with a full size pullout couch apartment ensures ultimate privacy above our detached garage. Features include a full kitchen (gas stove!), in-unit washer/dryer, high-speed Wi-Fi, and a Smart TV. Located just 6 mins to Five Points and only 8 mins from Broadway/downtown Nash. It’s the perfect spot to relax and recharge after stepping out on the town. Easy designated parking included!

The space
The primary suite is appointed with a queen-size bed, complemented by a full-size sleeper sofa in the living area for additional guests. To ensure your stay begins seamlessly, please let us know in advance if you would like the sofa bed prepared no less than 7 days prior to your arrival.

The kitchen is equipped with full-size appliances—including a range, oven, refrigerator, and microwave. 

For your convenience, the bathroom is fully stocked with premium shampoo and conditioner, allowing you to pack light and enjoy a worry-free stay.

Guest access
Important information before booking! 

Enjoy the ultimate convenience with a private parking spot located directly outside the unit. After a short walk up the stairs, you’ll enter a bright, open-concept kitchen and living area—perfect for relaxing after a day of exploring.

The Primary Suite is designed for privacy, featuring an en-suite bathroom and a spacious walk-in closet that conveniently houses your private washer and dryer. 

Important Considerations:

• Bedroom Layout: This is a one-bedroom unit. The Primary Suite features a comfortable queen bed, while the second sleeping area is a pull-out sofa located in the living room.

• Second-Floor Access: Please note the living quarters are located on the second floor (above the garage).

• Guest Registration: For security purposes, ALL guests must be added to the reservation and have a verified account prior to check-in.

• Occupancy Policy: Our maximum occupancy is four guests. Please ensure your guest count is accurate; unauthorized guests will result in additional fees or immediate cancellation of the stay without a refund.

• Linens & Care: We provide dedicated makeup towels for your convenience. Please help us keep our white linens fresh; damage to bedding or towels due to makeup or products WILL result in replacement fees.

Check-In & Check-Out Policy

• Standard Check-In: 3:00 PM

• Standard Check-Out: 10:00 AM

Early Check-In & Late Check-Out Options
We strive to be as flexible as possible with your travel schedule. We offer the following extended windows for an additional $50 fee per request:

• Early Check-In: Available as early as 1:00 PM.

• Late Check-Out: Available until 12:00 PM.

Important Scheduling Requirements:

To accommodate these requests, we must coordinate closely with our professional cleaning team. Please note the following:

• 7-Day Notice: Requests must be submitted and confirmed at least seven days prior to your arrival.

• Confirmation Required: For the quality of your stay, these options are subject to availability and are not guaranteed until you receive a formal confirmation from us. We cannot accommodate requests made less than seven days before check-in.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tehya & Lukas
Host User ID: 178645237
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/178645237
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We're excited to share our guesthouse after making Nashville our home eight years ago. 

We are a husband-and-wife team of real estate investors and designers, focused on making your stay comfortable and beautiful. 

We also operate a women's and children's clothing boutique locally. Giving back is paramount: We are also founders of a nonprofit dedicated to supporting sick children and their families in the NICU.

We look forward to hosting you and hope you love your visit to Nashville!
Born in the 90s
My work: We are entrepreneurs
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
105 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting