URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/2699594
Latitude: 36.1613
Longitude: -86.777
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome y'all! Literally ON the Broadway Strip above Boot Barn! People watch out of the huge sunroom windows overlooking the Broadway strip lined with honky-tonks, this chic 1BR penthouse provides a prime locale for exploring all that Music City has to offer. Enjoy an aperitif in the sunroom or relax in the living area with exposed brick and skylights.

The space
Overlooking the Broadway strip lined with honkytonks, shops, and restaurants, this chic 1BR/1.5BA penthouse condo provides a prime location for exploring all that Music City has to offer. Your third-floor getaway boasts a stylish floor plan with hardwood floors and ample natural light with five skylights.

All within a 5-block radius, walk to live music venues, delicious bistros, a park, and public transit. Check out a show at the Ryman Auditorium and events at Bridgestone Arena -- both are located 1 block away! Or, walk 1 mile across the Cumberland River and cheer on the Titans at Nissan Stadium. 

LIVING AREAS

Unwind in the living room on the comfy leather sofa and armchair. Gather for games around the rustic-chic coffee table, or watch a favorite show on the 54” Apple TV with Blu-ray.  Find at full sized bed for 2 in the living room.

Overlooking Broadway and encompassed by original windows, the sunroom provides the perfect place for snacks and people watching.

KITCHEN & DINING 

Prepare your favorite foods in the modern kitchen fully stocked with all the gadgets you might need. The well-appointed kitchen features ample granite counter space, a double sink, and stainless steel appliances. 

When you’re ready to eat, perch at the kitchen bar for two.

BEDROOMS & BATHS

Sleep soundly in a King-size bed in the spacious bedroom, which also has a large dresser and an en-suite bathroom with a shower/tub combination.

Providing added convenience, a half bathroom is located just off the kitchen.

EXTRA AMENITIES & DETAILS

Other perks include complimentary Wi-Fi, cable TV, and Netflix. 

LOCATION

Located just across the street, visit local favorite Merchants Restaurant, a former hotel that serves Southern takes on bistro food downstairs and formal fare on the second floor. For something a little more casual, stop by Puckett’s, a classic Southern bar and grill with an old general store feel and a large stage with live music.

Time your visit right and enjoy quick access to events including CMA Music Festival as well as football games at Nissan Stadium.

All our listing information is accurate and up-to-date. Upon booking, you’ll receive timely communications regarding your trip. Enjoy secure, seamless access to your professionally cleaned home; our proprietary digital locks mean there’s no need for an in-person key exchange.

PLEASE NOTE: -Additional guests outside of your confirmed guest count are not allowed on our property unless pre-approved PRIOR to your stay.
-We have a zero tolerance policy on our property being used as a "home base" for parties or visitors to come & go.
-We have exterior cameras to verify who is entering our home.
-If you exceed your confirmed guest count, you will be asked to leave immediately and charged a $500 fine.
-Upon confirming your booking, you are subject to our House Rules, which includes this disclaimer.

EARLY CHECK-INS OR LATE CHECK-OUTS:
Early check-in or late check-outs must be PRE-ARRANGED. Please do not ask on the day before, or the day of arrival as we will NOT honor it. We have our cleaners scheduled at specific times and are unable to make last minute changes. Any non pre-arranged late check-outs will result in withholding of deposit.

The only way we can guarantee an early check-in is if the night prior to your stay is available, we can block it off for you at half the price. Same goes for late check-out, if there is no one booked the night of your check out date, we can block off the night for you for a guaranteed late check-out at half the price.

LUGGAGE DROP OFF:
While we would love to be able to accommodate luggage drop off requests, there simply isn’t a ‘'holding area” in our home that wouldn’t interfere with our cleaners ability to move freely during their clean. We recommend you contact Luggage Hero or Stow Station.

The total price of the reservation is based on the nightly rate set by the host, plus fees or costs determined by the host or booking platform. Extra guest fee charged by some hosts for extra guests beyond a set number, which may fluctuate.

Other things to note
** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!

**Please note: Guests who stay 3 weeks or longer will incur an additional cleaning fee 

No elevator.
Only wifi, smart TV, no cable.
We are on Broadway, so the noise from the street can get a little loud some nights, but in the bedroom you barely notice.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Cal
Host User ID: 1099118
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1099118
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Cal! Welcome to my loft! We greatly appreciate you staying with us. You're staying at my house, which gives your stay a less corporate, more personal feel. Thank you for taking care of my home while you are here. I hope you relax, unwind, and enjoy!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
340 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting