URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/688223858563410093
Latitude: 36.1548
Longitude: -86.8204
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Willow, hosted by Hallson Hospitality. This stunning 4-bedroom home in Nashville features 4 floors of spacious living, a rooftop deck with skyline views, and ensuite bathrooms for added privacy. Relax after a day of exploring with coffee at sunrise or wine at sunset. Thoughtfully curated for comfort and entertainment, The Willow is the perfect home away from home for your Nashville getaway.

The space
Bedrooms and Living Space:

With 4 spacious bedrooms and 6 comfortable beds, this home can easily accommodate large groups or families. Each bedroom is meticulously designed, offering a serene oasis for relaxation after a day of exploring the vibrant city. Sink into the plush bedding and let the worries of the world drift away.

The living room is an epitome of comfort, featuring an oversized couch where you can sink in and unwind while watching your favorite shows on the impressive 65-inch TV. The beautifully designed interior creates an ambiance that's both inviting and luxurious!

Sleeping Arrangements: 
- 3rd Floor: 2 Queen Beds (Bunk Style), Single Bed, Full Private Bath
- 3rd Floor: King Bed, Full Private Bath
- 4th Floor: Queen Bed, Full Private Bath
- 4th Floor: King Bed, Full Private Bath

Gourmet Kitchen and Dining:

Channel your inner chef in the expansive gourmet kitchen, fully stocked with everything you need to create culinary masterpieces or mix up a round of signature cocktails. The large dining area can comfortably seat up to 12 guests, making it perfect for intimate gatherings and memorable meals together.

Rooftop Oasis:

Prepare to be captivated by the rooftop oasis that awaits you. With a lounge area complete with a fire pit, sun lounge chairs for basking in the warm sun, and a small plunge pool to cool off, you'll find yourself spending hours mesmerized by the breathtaking skyline views that stretch before you. Whether you're sipping a refreshing drink or sharing stories around the fire, this rooftop is the epitome of relaxation and indulgence.

Wellness and Entertainment:

Pamper yourself in the sauna after a day of city exploration, or work up a sweat in the small workout area, ensuring you stay on track with your fitness routine. The amenities provided in this home ensure that every aspect of your well-being is catered to.

Convenience and Location:

Centrally located in Nashville, you're just a short 10-15 minute drive away from all the attractions and hotspots the city has to offer. Whether you're looking to explore the vibrant music scene, indulge in local cuisine, or experience the charm of the city, everything is within your reach.

Parking and More:

Worried about parking? Don't be! This home boasts a 2-car garage, providing you with convenience and peace of mind.

Your dream vacation starts here, where every detail has been carefully curated to provide you with an unforgettable stay. Whether you're seeking relaxation, adventure, or a mix of both, this Nashville gem has it all. 

Book now and make memories that will last a lifetime!

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Please note: This home features four floors of interior living space. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Favorite song in high school: Baby Blue, George Strait
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5415 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting