URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1428520397538296585
Latitude: 36.1472
Longitude: -86.7814
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Two blocks from Music Row, where the Nashville Sound began, the Bradley is the perfect contemporary condo to experience all the food, music, history, and nightlife that Nashville has to offer! With amazing city views and sunsets, the Illume complex is just minutes from The Gulch and only a mile from Broadway. With its own seasonally heated pool and on-site gym, this is the perfect homebase to plan one-of-a-kind adventures from, or to take time out and relax in some southern comfort.

The space
This 1-bedroom condo sleeps 4, with its own queen-sized convertible daybed situated in the cozy entry alcove.  You can read up on our design inspiration, The Bradley Studios, while you  cozy up to catch up on a few emails or enjoy a glass of wine while someone is prepping in the kitchen!

There’s also an en-suite full bath with all the amenities, including a large lighted vanity mirror, a makeup mirror and a full-length mirror, a deep soaking tub/shower combo, and, of course, plush towels.

Just walk the line from there into the semi-private King bedroom, a salute to all the artists who’ve recorded at the Bradley. With a closet, charging ports on the night stands , plenty of pillows and a luxe mattress, this room will definitely give you sweet dreams!

All of this opens out onto a light-filled gourmet kitchen, fully stocked, and a gracious (and expansive) designer dining table. With an unobstructed green belt view of The Gulch and Nashville, take note, this is the spot for morning coffee, work, play, maybe even a fabulous dinner party! Although Nashville is a total foodie mecca, and there are more adorable coffee shops here than any aficionado could ever visit, you just might want to hang out here instead!

The living room, complete with wall to wall Pella windows and solar shades for privacy, is just as relaxing. It is well-designed for style and comfort. Sink into the leather sectional and unwind with a Tennessee whiskey cocktail, catch a Predators game, or just enjoy one another’s company. Step out onto the expansive private balcony to enjoy a gorgeous sunrise or sunset and the ever-changing Nashville skyline.

When you are ready to mix and mingle, head down to the incredible community pool at the center of the Illume complex, where you can lounge in the sun with a crafted chilled beverage. There’s a separate grilling area, plenty of places to gather and public WiFi. The on-site gym is just downstairs if you need a quick work-out. All of the resort-style amenities you want are right here -  in the heart of Nashville.
 
Professionally cleaned
Professionally decorated
24/7 local host support
10’ ceilings
Upscale finishes
Hardwood floors
Fully stocked kitchen 
Toaster, blender
Nespresso coffee bar 
60” flat screen TV
Wifi and Roku
Private balcony
Seasonally Heated Pool
Resort-style lounge seating
Public Wi-Fi at pool
Poolside gas grill
Complimentary pool towels
Private washer/dryer
Onsite gym
Secure keyless entry
Free covered parking (1 space)
Elevator/street access
 
Around Town
Illume is part of the exciting new Edgehill neighborhood, with easy access to Music City's renowned music scene, its incredible restaurants (from hot chicken to fine dining!), too many amazing coffee shops to count (see our guide book!), and all of Nashville’s cultural offerings - from the Predators and the Titans to the Murals trail to Vanderbilt and Belle Meade. But, you have to start with a walk down the block to Music Row, where the history of what became the Nashville Sound is everywhere. You can stand right where the Quonset Hut hosted music royalty from Cash and Cline to Dylan, and even Buddy Holly! Make sure to check out our guide book and learn all about it.
“Nashville is just such a legendary place. The people, the countless number of amazing artists, the venues, the studios — it's all such a perfect storm of musical history and inspiration that’s perfect for songwriting." – Post Malone, The Tennessean

Five minutes away and just across the bridge is The Gulch, a former tangle of abandoned rail yards abandoned after WWII, that has been transformed into a LEED certified, mixed-use community. With art galleries, rooftop bars, high-end shopping, cutting-edge restaurants and, of course, entertainment, it’s now the most sought after urban hotspot in Nashville. Our guide book has links to it all, including our very favorites!

Only a mile away is the one and only Broadway, ‘nuff said, and beyond is all of Nashville, with the Opry, the Ryman and a new up-and-coming artist at every corner honky-tonk. There’s nowhere else like Nashville, this city is packed with experiences you won’t find anywhere else. And The Bradley is the pitch perfect point of departure to start from.
 
Music Row .25 Mile
The Gulch .5 Mile
Broadway 1 Mile
Country Music Hall of Fame 1.3 Miles
Ryman Auditorium 1.4 Miles
The Johnny Cash Museum & Café 1.5 Miles
Adventure Park
Centennial Park 2.5 Miles
The Parthenon 2.7 Miles
The Governors Club 15.5 Miles
Opryland Resort
Cheekwood

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire condo as well as the pool, fitness center and one secure garage parking spot.

Other things to note
Your total reservation fee for this home includes a per-booking damage waiver fee, including any applicable taxes. The damage waiver ensures coverage for any accidental damage caused to the home or its contents, including appliances and furnishings, up to a maximum of $1,500. Damage due to smoking and pets is excluded. To benefit from this coverage, you must report the incident to the host before you check out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Austin & Nastya
Host User ID: 697357753
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/697357753
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
52 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting