URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1680754553052554595
Latitude: 36.144914495478545
Longitude: -86.79539509162615
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Music Row. Nashville's most legendary address — and your group's perfect home base. Four bedrooms and six beds, a fully equipped kitchen and a private rooftop. Whether you're here for the live music, the food scene, or just quality time with your favorite people, The Grove gives you the space to do it your way. Broadway and the Ryman are right there when you're ready. This is what a group trip is supposed to feel like! If you need anything we are right there to help.

The space
Stay in the heart of Nashville's legendary Music Row with space for your entire group.
This 4-bedroom, 4-bath Nashville retreat sleeps up to 12 guests and features a private rooftop lounge, full kitchen, spacious living areas, in-unit laundry, and plenty of room to get ready before a night out.
Perfect for bachelorette trips, birthdays, family getaways, reunions, and group weekends.
★ Private rooftop lounge 
★ Sleeps up to 12 guests 
★ 4 bedrooms + 6 beds 
★ 4 bathrooms 
★ Located on Music Row 
★ Minutes from Broadway & The Gulch 
★ Full kitchen 
★ Washer & dryer 
★ Self check-in 
★ Pet friendly
Start the morning with coffee on your private rooftop, explore Nashville during the day, and come home to a space where your whole group can actually hang out together.

Guest access
Guests have private access to the entire home throughout their stay, giving your group plenty of space to relax, gather, and enjoy Nashville together.
Private Rooftop Balcony
Head to the top floor and enjoy your own private rooftop balcony, complete with a fire pit and grill. It’s the perfect spot to unwind after exploring Nashville, enjoy a meal together, or spend the evening relaxing with your group.
Full Kitchen
The home features a full kitchen with everything you need to prepare meals, snacks, or drinks during your stay perfect for groups who want the convenience of dining in.
Parking
A small complimentary parking lot is available for guests on a first-come, first-served basis. Spaces are limited and cannot be reserved or guaranteed.
Additional free street parking is available nearby on a first-come, first-served basis.
Your Private Space Includes:
• Entire home
• Private rooftop balcony
• Fire pit
• Grill
• Full kitchen
• Living and dining areas
• Bedrooms and bathrooms
• Complimentary parking options
Whether you're getting ready for a night out, cooking together, or winding down around the fire pit, the home is yours to enjoy throughout your Nashville stay.

Other things to note
Pet Policy
We’re happy to welcome your four-legged travel companion! Up to Three dogs are permitted with a $100 pet fee or a $500 unannounced pet/pets. Please let us know in advance if you’ll be bringing a dog so we can properly prepare for your stay.

At this time, cats are not permitted.

No Smoking or Vaping
The Grove  is 100% smoke- and vape-free property. Smoking and vaping are prohibited inside the House, and courtyard.
A $200 cleaning fee may be charged for violations of this policy.

Coming to Nashville with friends or family? We want you to have a great time! Small, respectful gatherings are welcome, and guests are encouraged to enjoy the fire pits, and BBQ grills. 

We simply ask that you:
Keep noise at a respectful level, especially after 
11 PM
Make sure the number of guests matches your reservation
Respect other guests and our neighbors
Avoid excessive noise, illegal activity, and unauthorized guests

Superhost Hospitality
Stay with confidence knowing you’re in experienced hands. Our team has welcomed hundreds of Nashville guests, and we pride ourselves on providing clean spaces, responsive communication, and an easy arrival experience. Our Airbnb recognition for a Great Check-In Experience reflects what we aim to deliver with every reservation: a smooth arrival, a comfortable stay, and a Nashville experience worth remembering.

Have questions before or during your stay? Send us a message anytime. We’re here to help make your Nashville trip a great one.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Notable Collection
Host User ID: 699711821
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699711821
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
2514 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting