URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1096216535031746791
Latitude: 36.1304
Longitude: -86.8017
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Historic Music City Retreat! 🎸

Experience the true soul of Nashville in this stunning historic top-floor apartment! Located just 10 mins from Broadway, this sunlit 2BR gem comfortably sleeps 8. Walk across the street for groceries at Kroger or a hearty breakfast at the local diner 🍳! Includes a full kitchen, free private parking 🚗, and the option to book a private acoustic concert right in the living room! Service animals welcome. Your unforgettable group getaway starts here! 🤠✨

The space
Welcome to your Historic Nashville Haven! 🎻

Elevate your Music City celebration by staying in a true piece of local history. Perfectly positioned just a quick ride from the neon lights of Broadway, this beautifully restored top-floor apartment blends historic architectural charm with all the modern comforts your group needs. Whether you are popping champagne for a bachelorette, reuniting with old friends, or simply craving an authentic local experience, this sunlit home delivers a peaceful, inspiring vibe the moment you walk through the door.

💎 The Historic Advantage:

Unbeatable Convenience: Forget the stress of coordinating group meals. You are situated directly across the street from a Kroger for easy snack runs, and a fantastic local diner for morning-after recovery breakfasts.

Top-Floor Privacy: Tucked away on the top floor of the building, you get the ultimate privacy and quiet from the street below. (Please note: This authentic historic building does require climbing two flights of stairs—a small workout for a big reward!)

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown (Sleeps 8):

Bedroom 1: 1 Plush King Bed 👑 (Your spacious, private retreat)

Bedroom 2: 2 Queen Beds 🛌🛌 (Perfect for group trip logistics)

Living Room: 1 Queen Air Mattress (Upon Request) 🛋️ (Extra space for everyone to crash)

Bathroom: 1 Full Bathroom with a walk-in shower 🚿

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Check-In:
Coordinating a group of 8? We utilize a flawless standard operating procedure to ensure zero check-in friction.

Digital Keyless Entry: No physical keys to pass around or lose. Your group gets a unique, secure keypad code so everyone can explore at their own pace.

Contactless & Effortless: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—perfect for staggered flight schedules and late-night check-ins.

Free Private Parking: Skip the expensive downtown parking garages; enjoy dedicated parking located right at the back of the building.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

The Morning Ritual: Walk right across the street to the local diner for the best, easiest Southern breakfast in the neighborhood. 🥞

Broadway (10 min drive): A lightning-fast Uber ride straight into the heart of the world-famous Honky Tonks like Tootsie's. 👢

Grocery Runs: Having a Kroger directly across the street is a massive budget-saver for large groups looking to cook meals or stock the fridge with drinks.

Pristine Environment: Our strict, smoke-free policy ensures the property always smells immaculate and fresh for your arrival.

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a strictly pet-free environment to ensure a pristine, allergy-free space for all guests. 🚫🐕

Guest access
We have a keyless locking system. You will gain access to the home via a house code that we create specifically for you. That code will be sent to you with your check in instructions a few weeks prior to your arrival and you may share that code with your group if you wish. YOU WON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT SHARING OR LOSING A KEY! :)

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤
We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.
As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting