URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1480438239092820073
Latitude: 36.19327
Longitude: -86.76257
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Stage by AvantStay!

- Beautiful, newly built townhome with chic design
- Modern, fully equipped kitchen with an island with barstool seating
- 4 bedrooms, each curated with a stylish, southern-inspired flair
- Covered balcony with a spacious lounge seating area

The space
Welcome to The Stage, a stunning, newly built townhome. This 3-story retreat is as lively and inviting as Nashville itself, combining modern design with Southern-inspired style. 

As you step inside, the bright and open living space greets you with chic design. Kick back and relax on the plush sectional after a day of Nashville adventures. The large, modern kitchen features an island with barstool seats, stainless steel appliances, and sleek finishes. For those balancing work and play, the home includes a desk vanity—ideal for catching up on emails or getting your glam on before a night out on the town.

Each of the four bedrooms is curated with a touch of Southern flair. The primary suite is a private retreat, featuring a king bed, TV, and an ensuite bathroom. On the second floor, you’ll find two equally charming bedrooms—one with a king bed and the other with a queen bed. Both bedrooms have a TV and share a hallway bathroom. The fourth bedroom offers a built-in bunk bed and its own ensuite bathroom, providing flexible sleeping arrangements.

The living space continues outside on the covered balcony, where a lounge seating area awaits. Whether you’re starting your day with coffee or ending it with a craft cocktail, this space is made for relaxing all day long.

Book The Stage, the perfect home base for your next Music City getaway!

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

East Nashville is one of Nashville's oldest neighborhoods, located just across the Cumberland River. Known for its eclectic and artsy atmosphere, you'll find some of the city's best restaurants, live music venues, shopping, and easy access to Nissan Stadium. Bonus: all of the excitement of Broadway is just a 10-minute Uber drive away. Don't be surprised if you see one of your favorite musicians walking around this neighborhood, as many of them call it home!

Local Attractions: Honky Tonk, The Ryman Theater, Country Music Hall of Fame, Tootsie’s Orchid Lounge, Grand Ole Opry, Bicentennial Park Parthenon, Johnny Cash Museum, Fifth + Broadway, Prince’s Hot Chicken Shack, Martin's Bar-B-Que Joint

Home Truths:
- This home accepts a maximum of 2 pets. But pets must be approved in advance and are subject to an additional fee of $150 per pet. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.

Parking Details:
- Please make sure you park in the designated property parking locations only.

This home comes with a pack n' play travel crib available. A high chair can be provided upon request with at least 24hrs advanced notice.

East Nashville is one of Nashville's oldest neighborhoods, located just across the Cumberland River. Known for its eclectic and artsy atmosphere, you'll find some of the city's best restaurants, live music venues, shopping, and easy access to Nissan Stadium. Bonus: all of the excitement of Broadway is just a 10-minute Uber drive away. Don't be surprised if you see one of your favorite musicians walking around this neighborhood, as many of them call it home!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home allows pets for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.

Parking Details:
- Parking is available behind the units, down the alleyway on Douglas Ave, with a maximum of 2 spots per unit.

This home comes with a pack n' play travel crib available. A high chair can be provided upon request with at least 24hrs advanced notice.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2025041886

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6903 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting