URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1724833534220630378
Latitude: 36.16
Longitude: -86.8406
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to ★The Cozy Chord★, your home base for experiencing the rhythm of Music City. This stylish 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom apartment comfortably accommodates up to 6 guests and is nestled in Nashville's trendy Nations neighborhood. Just 5 miles from the bright lights of Broadway, legendary live music venues, and iconic Nashville attractions, The Cozy Chord offers the perfect blend of local charm, modern comfort, and easy access to everything that makes Nashville unforgettable.

The space
What We Love About ★The Cozy Chord★...
- Located in The Nations, one of Nashville's most vibrant neighborhoods filled with local breweries, eateries, and coffee shops
- Open-concept living space designed for gathering after a day exploring Music City
- Two comfortable bedrooms plus a queen sleeper sofa, accommodating up to 6 guests
- Fully equipped kitchen and in-unit washer and dryer for a stress-free stay
- Community patio perfect for enjoying Tennessee sunshine and neighborhood vibes

Inspired by Nashville's welcoming spirit, The Cozy Chord is a comfortable retreat where guests can relax between adventures. Whether you're in town for a concert, a bachelorette getaway, a Titans game, or simply to experience the city's famous music scene, you'll find everything you need for a memorable stay.

The open-concept living area creates a bright and inviting atmosphere, making it easy for your group to spend time together. Gather in the living room to share stories from a night on Broadway, enjoy your favorite playlist, or unwind on the comfortable seating after a day of sightseeing. The queen sleeper sofa provides additional sleeping space for extra guests.

The fully equipped kitchen is ready for everything from morning coffee before exploring the city to late-night snacks after enjoying Nashville's renowned live music scene. With modern appliances and ample space to prepare meals, you'll have the flexibility to dine in whenever you choose.

When it's time to rest, the primary bedroom offers a relaxing queen bed and private ensuite bathroom featuring a walk-in shower and single vanity. The second bedroom also features a queen bed and is conveniently located near the second full bathroom with a walk-in shower (stall) and vanity. Both bedrooms provide comfortable accommodations designed to help guests recharge for another day of Music City adventures.

Additional conveniences include an in-unit washer and dryer, making longer stays easy and comfortable. Guests also have access to the community patio, an inviting outdoor space to enjoy a morning coffee, an evening drink, or simply soak in the laid-back atmosphere of The Nations.

One of Nashville's most sought-after neighborhoods, The Nations, has become a local favorite thanks to its craft breweries, trendy restaurants, food trucks, boutique shops, and growing arts scene. Spend your days discovering neighborhood gems, grabbing coffee from local cafés, or sampling some of Nashville's best barbecue and Southern cuisine.

When you're ready to explore beyond the neighborhood, Nashville's top attractions are within easy reach. Discover the energy of Lower Broadway, world-famous honky-tonks, live music at every turn, the Country Music Hall of Fame, Ryman Auditorium, Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, and countless entertainment venues. You can also visit Centennial Park, home to Nashville's iconic full-scale Parthenon replica.

Whether you're here for the music, the food, the nightlife, or a relaxing getaway with friends and family, The Cozy Chord puts you in the heart of it all while providing a comfortable place to come home to at the end of the day.

Book your stay at The Cozy Chord and discover why Nashville strikes a chord with visitors from around the world. From neighborhood breweries to Broadway's neon lights, your perfect Music City getaway awaits!

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property.

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home. Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home. We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay. In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee. Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver. It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay. The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior. Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!). Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage. The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines.

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Fun fact: Been in multiple earthquakes together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23140 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting