URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1685005293578383871
Latitude: 36.139
Longitude: -86.813
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 5
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Melody, your Nashville stay where walkable hotspots and nonstop energy set the tone. Just minutes away, explore Vanderbilt University for campus strolls, nearby cafés, and local favorites, head to Centennial Park to relax, walk the grounds, and visit the iconic Parthenon, or make your way to Broadway for live music, rooftop bars, and unforgettable nights out. After a full day exploring, come back to unwind in the cozy living area or enjoy a meal in the modern kitchen and dining space.

The space
⭐ Amenities:
- Just a 3-minute walk to Vanderbilt University—grab coffee, wander campus, and ease into your day right in the middle of it all
- 14-minute walk to Centennial Park, perfect for sunny hangs, photos at the Parthenon, and a laid-back reset before heading back out
- Only 4 minutes to Broadway, where live music spills into the streets, rooftop bars stay packed, and “just one drink” never really means one
- Open living space that keeps the vibe going, with cozy seating and a Smart TV for pre-games, late-night hangs, and everything in between
- Modern kitchen with a sleek, ready-to-go setup—perfect for drinks, quick bites, and getting the night started
- Dining space for 6, ideal for takeout spreads, shared meals, and rallying the group before heading out
- In-unit washer and dryer to keep things easy, so you’re always ready for whatever the day (or night) brings

🛋️ Living Area:
- Open-concept living space that keeps the energy flowing, perfect for hanging out, relaxing, and winding down after a night out
- Ultra-cozy furnishings you’ll want to sink into after a full day in the city, making it easy to kick back and stay awhile
- Smart TV ready for music, movie nights, or setting the vibe while you unwind
- Two twin-over-twin bunk beds, perfect for group stays, late-night laughs, and that fun, shared-trip experience

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Modern kitchenette with a clean, elevated feel—perfect for quick bites, late-night snacks, and everything in between
- Sleek stainless steel appliances that keep things easy while adding a polished, updated look
- Equipped with a fridge, dishwasher, microwave, and toaster—everything you need for easy meals and snacks
- Plenty of counter space to spread out, prep, and keep things moving without feeling cramped
- Dining area for 6, perfect for takeout feasts, shared meals, and kicking off the night before heading out
- Drip coffee maker stocked with coffee, ready to get your mornings going after a night on Broadway
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom: King bed with a smart TV, walk-in closet, and Jack-and-Jill en-suite bathroom
- Additional Sleeping Arrangement: 2 Twin-over-Twin bunk beds in the living area

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom: Single vanity with a stand-in shower
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper

🚗 Parking:
- 1 parking spot in the shared garage
- 1 parking spot in the shared driveway

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
3 min walk: Vanderbilt University
8 min walk: Maggiano's Little Italy
8 min walk: Stoney River Steakhouse and Grill
9 min walk: Southern Squares Petit Fours
10 min walk: BrickTop's 
13 min walk: Love Park
13 min walk: Ted's Montana Grill
13 min walk: Dose Coffee
14 min walk: Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
14 min walk: Centennial Park
14 min walk: Only Chicken Mediterranean Restaurant

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
2 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
2 mins: The Parthenon
3 mins: Midtown
3 mins: Belmont Mansion
3 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
4 mins: Broadway
4 mins: Bongo Java
4 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
5 mins: Music Row
5 mins: McCabe Golf Course
5 mins: RCA Studio
5 mins: 12 South
5 mins: Fat Bottom Brewing Co
5 mins: Belmont-Hillsboro
6 mins: Frothy Monkey
6 mins: The Gulch
6 mins: The Filling Station
6 mins: Barcelona Wine Bar
7 mins: The Nations
7 mins: Tennessee State University
7 mins: Music City Center
7 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
8 mins: Geodis Park
8 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
8 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
9 mins: Germantown
12 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
18 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within two (2) hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2026 Followed By:2026023895

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms! 
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
17857 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting