URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1361019732943670452
Latitude: 36.17808
Longitude: -86.80384
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the best of Nashville from this spacious downtown retreat, located just 7 minutes from Broadway and only a half-mile from the heart of Germantown!

Perfect for families, groups of friends, business travelers, concerts, sporting events, and extended stays, this spacious home accommodates up to 12 guests with 4 bedrooms, 10 beds, 4 bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, private outdoor space, high-speed Wi-Fi, and covered parking.

The space
Our charming property is located in a safe and beautiful neighborhood border of “Historic Buena Vista,” known as one of the nicest and safest neighborhoods of Nashville. This area boasts tree-lined avenues and quaint brick sidewalks, offering a picturesque and peaceful atmosphere. As you explore the district, you'll find historic schools, churches, Nashville Public Library, and a variety of commercial buildings, all adding to the rich character of the community.

Designed for Comfort! This spacious Nashville home comfortably accommodates up to 12 guests and features:

🛋️ Living Area: Comfortable gathering spaces with brand-new Smart TVs, seating for relaxing with family and friends, books and reading materials, portable fans, and plenty of room for your group to spread out.

🍳 Kitchen: Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, microwave, stove, oven, dishwasher, hot water kettle, coffee maker, toaster, blender, baking sheet, cookware, dishes, silverware, wine glasses, cooking basics, and a dining table for shared meals.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements
• Spacious bedrooms
• 10 total beds
• Accommodates up to 12 guests
• Fresh linens, extra pillows, and blankets
• Clothing storage and hangers provided

🛁 Bathrooms: Four bathrooms provide plenty of space for larger groups and include a bathtub, hot water, shampoo, conditioner, body soap, shower gel, hair dryer, fresh towels, and essential toiletries.

💻 Workspace & Connectivity: High-speed Wi-Fi and a dedicated workspace make the home convenient for business travelers, remote work, and extended stays.

🌿 Outdoor Area: Enjoy a private fenced backyard, patio or balcony, outdoor furniture, and a private outdoor dining space for relaxing together during your stay.

Guest access
You have the entire house and yard to yourself. The backyard is completely fenced with a privacy  fence. The backyard is a very nice, private area.  You have exclusive use of a 2 car carport with garage door.
✔ Fully equipped kitchen
✔ Living and dining areas
✔ Patio and outdoor spaces
✔ Washer and dryer
✔ Dedicated workspace
✔ High-speed Wi-Fi
✔ Private entrance
✔ Covered 2-car carport

Other things to note
‼️‼️ We are committed to providing a relaxing and elevated experience during your stay. Please note the following important information:

Neighborhood: The home is located near Historic Buena Vista, an established Nashville neighborhood featuring a mix of renovated cottages, traditional homes, newer construction, historic buildings, churches, schools, and other neighborhood landmarks.

The property is also approximately a half-mile walk from Germantown, where you'll find popular restaurants, coffee shops, boutiques, and shopping.

Parking: Guests have exclusive use of a covered 2-car carport with a garage door. Additional parking is generally available along the street directly in front of the property.

Sunday Check-In: Check-in is at 4:00 PM on Sundays. Please plan your arrival accordingly.

One Sleeping Area: One of the twin beds is located in a sleeping area that uses curtains rather than a traditional bedroom door. It is located near the bathroom and approximately two steps from another bedroom.

Pet Policy: Dogs may be approved on a case-by-case basis and are subject to an additional pet fee. Please request approval before bringing a dog to the property.

Security Deposit: Based on reservation details, including prior guest reviews when applicable, we reserve the right to request a refundable security deposit where permitted.

If required, the deposit must be paid promptly upon request and will be refunded after check-out, provided the property is left in good condition.

Exterior Security Cameras: Exterior security cameras are installed around the property for safety and security. Ring doorbell cameras are located at the front and back entrances. There are no cameras inside the home.

Entry & Security: The front door features a secure deadbolt, and entry is provided through a secure key system.

Property Maintenance: Routine exterior maintenance, including lawn mowing, weed trimming, insect treatments, and similar services, may occur during your stay. These visits may be scheduled without advancenotice.

Routine exterior maintenance personnel will not need to enter the home.

Packages: Occasionally, packages related to property maintenance or upkeep may be delivered during your stay. In rare cases, we may ask you to bring a delivered package inside for safekeeping until our team can retrieve it.

Long-Term Stay Utilities: For reservations of 30 nights or longer, a $500 monthly utilities fee is collected separately from the reservation through the Airbnb app before the stay begins.

This covers:
• High-speed internet
• Water and sewer
• Trash service
• Electricity
• Gas

Payment must be completed within 24 hours of our request. Failure to pay the utilities fee within that timeframe may result in cancellation of the reservation in accordance with applicable booking terms.

Age Requirement: The principal renter must be at least 21 years old.

Early Check-In / Late Check-Out: Early check-in, late check-out, and early or late luggage drop-off may be available upon request, subject to availability, for a $50 fee.

No Smoking or Vaping: Smoking or vaping inside the property is strictly prohibited.

A minimum $1,000 cleaning fee may apply for violations. Repeated or severe violations may also result in termination of the stay in accordance with applicable booking platform policies.

Check-Out & Cleaning Expectations: Guests are requested to follow the check-out instructions provided before departure to help our cleaning team prepare the property efficiently for the next arrival.

Carport / Garage Door:
Please note that the carport has a manual garage door and does not have a motorized garage door opener. Guests will need to manually open and close the door.

If the home is left in a condition requiring substantially more time or effort than a standard turnover, such as excessive mess, unusual amounts of trash, or additional cleaning beyond the normal scope, an additional cleaning fee may be charged to cover the extra labor and time required.

Thank you for treating the home with care. Your cooperation helps us continue providing a clean, comfortable, and well-maintained space for every guest.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Elite Stay
Host User ID: 11849086
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/11849086
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a Nashville native with 30 years working in management in the hospitality and service industry.  I also happen to love people.

I believe it is always important to treat others as you wish to be treated. I love to travel and I love good food and wine and fun things to do with groups of people, and I have always appreciated those friends who have guided me in the cities and countries where I have visited/lived.  

I have always made it my goal to discover the best food at the best restaurants, but then also discover that "hole in the wall" that has amazing food and a fun atmosphere for a fraction of the cost.  

Born and raised in Nashville, I love my city and I love to share it with others.  
I provide recommendations of the best bars and restaurants and I am always available to answer the phone to help you with whatever you need.
My work: Recreation/Hospitality Industry
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
4781 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting