URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/30593043
Latitude: 36.3967
Longitude: -86.76249
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Greenbrier, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
THE PROPERTY

Rest and restore or become well acquainted with Music City USA, just 25 min south, while staying at this peaceful Ridgetop vacation rental (DUPLEX) home! Owners respect your privacy and are available for any needs that arise.
Featuring 2 bedrooms and 1 bath, this place is perfect for anyone seeking a Tennessee getaway. Enjoy numerous amenities, such as a Weber grill, furnished patio, hammock, fire pit, trampoline (no net), and tire swing.

The space
Master Bedroom: 1 Queen Bed

Bedroom 2: 1 Queen Bed

Additional Sleeping: 
1 Rollaway Twin Bed 
1 Fold down couch Full size bed

Immediately, you ll feel at home in this cozy and eclectic Ridgetop home! Tasteful decor, natural light, and numerous comforts, including wireless internet access, altogether create a comfortable stay for guests.

After a day in the city or on the Cumberland River, unwind in the living room, complete with plush furnishings and a flat-screen Smart TV - perfect for binge-watching your favorite Netflix originals. If you prefer to relax outside, pour yourself a glass of wine before setting up shop at the patio table. Let your free-range kids go wild with the swings, trampoline, and play set.

Once hunger strikes, fire up the Weber charcoal grill for an at-home barbecue! Easily prepare complementing dishes in the fully equipped kitchen, boasting essential appliances and ample counter space. Choose to dine indoors at the 6-person table or feast al fresco back out on the patio!

Continue into the night with's mores and stargazing around the outdoor fire pit. A hot shower in the full bathroom and 2 queen beds in either bedroom will be waiting inside for when you re ready to call it a day!

THE LOCATION

Located on a dead end street, this home provides a peaceful getaway in the hills of Tennessee - if that's what you desire! But, if you re looking for more of an upbeat trip, you'll be happy to know that this property is located just 25 minutes from all of Nashville s major attractions.

Down the street lie plenty of restaurants and quintessential shops - perfect for your everyday needs. Just south, Goodlettsville offers attractions such as Pleasant Green Pool and Moss Wright Park. There are also antique malls when you're in the mood for shopping, along with local eateries like Chefs Market!

Spend a day on the Old Hickory Lake, found just 12.5 miles from the property. Swoop up a boat from Sweetwater Pontoon Rentals to take full advantage of your day on the water! If you plan on staying ashore, Rockland Recreation Area provides access to fishing, picnicking, and swimming. In the evening, catch a live music performance at Anchor High Marina!

Not much farther south, you'll find Tennessee's state capital, Nashville! Do-not-miss-stops include the Ryman, The Grand Ole Opry, Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park, and Centennial Park. Make sure to experience a true Honky Tonkin on Lower Broadway at joints like Acme Feed and Seed, The Nashville Underground, and Tootsie's Orchid Lounge.

Guest access
We welcome you to enjoy yourself around the fire pit outback, relax in the hammock, or play on the trampoline, plate and/or tire swing.

Other things to note
The house is a duplex. 
We live on the other side. 

Your privacy is important to us and we do our best to respect that and also are available for any needs that may arise. The only shared space is the carport (separated by curtains) and the yard. 
You always get first priority to them.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amy
Host User ID: 229171323
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/229171323
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My name is Amy. I am married to Brandon. I am a mother to two girls and two bonus sons. We love to travel whenever we can.
Born in the 80s
My work: Nurse
8 years hosting
204 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting