URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1756805902069494397
Latitude: 36.1564
Longitude: -86.8166
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 22
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Two homes, side by side, made for one epic stay with 22 beds!! Skyline views, easy Broadway access, and space for the whole crew to spread out — then come back together when it's time to hang. Whatever brings you to Nashville, this setup gives your group room to breathe and the location to make it count.

Welcome to The Ysabelle + The Adeline by Elevay & Co. — two beautifully designed homes together, giving your group space, comfort, and privacy while keeping everyone close.

The space
Designed for groups who want to stay together without feeling like everyone is on top of each other. With two beautifully designed homes offering maximum space, spacious kitchens, comfortable bedrooms, and plenty of room to gather, you get the flexibility of two homes with the convenience of booking them together.

Whether it's a bachelorette weekend, birthday trip, family getaway, or a weekend with friends, this is a stay built for making the most of Nashville.

What You’ll Love:
🌇 2 private rooftop lounges with Nashville skyline views & fire pits
🏡 Two luxury homes booked together for the ultimate group stay (homes are attached, side by side)
🛏️ 8 bedrooms + 8 full bathrooms across both homes with 22 beds!!
☕ Fully stocked coffee setups for easy mornings
🍽️ Spacious kitchens with large islands, cookware & essentials
🛋️ Multiple living spaces so everyone has room to relax
🎶 Minutes from Broadway, Downtown, Germantown, and Nashville's best spots
🚗 4 total garage parking spaces across both homes
✅ Early check-in & late check-out when available

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements with 22 beds total!!

Home 1 — (4BR/4BA/10 Beds)
Bedroom 1: 2 Full Beds (first floor)
Bedroom 2: 1 Queen Bunk (2 queens)
Bedroom 3: 3 Twin, 2 Full
Bedroom 4: 1 King

Home 2 —  (4BR/4BA/12 Beds)
Bedroom 1: 4 Twin Beds 
Bedroom 2: 1 Queen, 1 Full
Bedroom 3: 2 Full, 3 Twin
Bedroom 4: 1 King

8 bedrooms + 8 full bathrooms total, giving your group plenty of space to sleep, get ready, and relax without waiting in line for the bathroom.

☕ Start the Day Your Way
Mornings are easy here. Both homes have beautifully appointed kitchens and coffee setups ready for your group.

Whether you're grabbing coffee before heading out or taking your time over breakfast with the whole crew, there's plenty of space to gather around the kitchen island and start the day together.

🍽️ Space to Gather
Both homes feature spacious, open-concept kitchens and living areas designed for groups.

Cook together, order takeout, play games, or simply kick back after a long day exploring Nashville. With two homes booked together, your group has plenty of room to spread out while still staying connected.

🌆 Rooftop Nights
This is where the homes really shine.

Head upstairs as the sun starts to set and take in the Nashville skyline from your private rooftop. Light the fire pit, grab a drink, settle into the outdoor seating, and let the night unfold.

Two rooftops means even a large group has room to relax, talk, and enjoy the city without having to leave the house.

🏙️ Location Highlights
🎶 Minutes to Broadway & Nashville nightlife
🏛️ Steps to Centennial Park & OneCity (shops, restaurants, coffee, gyms, etc)
🏙️ Minutes to Downtown Nashville
🎸 Easy access to Nashville's top attractions
🍴 Minutes to Germantown restaurants & local favorites
🏈 Easy access to Nissan Stadium
✈️ Convenient to BNA Airport

You'll be close enough to experience everything Nashville has to offer while still having a comfortable place to come home to.

🅿️ Parking
2x 2-car garages are available for guests.
Convenient on-site parking makes arriving and coming and going throughout your stay easy. There's also available street parking that is first come, first serve. If you park behind the garage, there's a chance you will get towed at your own expense.

WE DO NOT RENT TO LOCALS; ALL LOCALS MUST INQUIRE.

STRP #2021015138
STRP#2026035606

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge, kitchen, living area, bedrooms, and bathrooms.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting