URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1245186950319428246
Latitude: 36.1783
Longitude: -86.7507
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
- 10-15 minutes to all the excitement of Broadway and Downtown Nashville
- Two bedrooms, king bedroom has an ensuite bathroom
- Bunk room for extra space and flexibility
- Bright and open living and dining area
- Curated, Nashville-inspired design and decor
- Fully equipped kitchen with a full suite of appliances

The space
Outrider is your key to experiencing Nashville like never before. Just a 10-15-minute rideshare away from Downtown and Broadway, you'll have access to all the city's excitement against the backdrop of a cool, curated design worthy of all your aesthetic dreams.

This four-bedroom apartment has a spacious, flexible layout perfect for a group looking to connect and explore the city. You’ll find chic, Nashville-inspired design and a vibrant, playful atmosphere. The living room has a sofa and TV ready for movie nights, while the fully equipped kitchen boasts a full suite of appliances and everything you need to make at-home meals and snacks a breeze. Two dedicated desk spaces are perfect for remote workers or students, and an additional lounge gives everyone plenty of space to spread out.

When it’s time to recharge, you’ll find four king bedrooms, three boasting private attached ensuite bathrooms. Two of the bathrooms offer accessibility features, including grab rails near the toilet. Bathroom 1, on the main level, is handicap accessible with the ability to roll a wheelchair in.

It's time to unlock Nashville as it was meant to be experienced. Outrider is ready to show you the city while treating you to style, convenience, and all the comforts of home.

Please note the layout and design may differ from what is showcased in the photos. For any queries please do not hesitate to reach out.

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

East Nashville is one of Nashville's oldest neighborhoods, located just across the Cumberland River. Known for its eclectic and artsy atmosphere, you'll find some of the city's best restaurants, live music venues, shopping, and easy access to Nissan Stadium. Bonus: all of the excitement of Broadway is just a 10-minute Uber drive away. Don't be surprised if you see one of your favorite musicians walking around this neighborhood, as many of them call it home!

Other things to note
*Home Truths:*
- This home allows pets for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note our occupancy includes an additional two beyond bed count. Trifold floor mattresses and additional linens can be provided upon request.
- There are 2 flights of stairs present within the unit. Please note this unit may not be suitable for guests with mobility issues.

Parking Details:
1 parking space is allowed per unit. 
Street parking is available.
Please note: Vehicles must be parked only in approved areas to avoid towing.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2022048389

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6903 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting