URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1258027927889991744
Latitude: 36.1281
Longitude: -86.7047
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Nashville, where the music pulses with life and the drinks pack a punch! Imagine yourself soaking up the vibrant atmosphere in a stylish home that feels just like yours, only a quick exit from the international airport. You’re perfectly situated to explore all the sights and sounds that Nashville and its charming surroundings have to offer. Don’t just dream about this unforgettable experience—take the leap and book your Airbnb today to dive into the heart of the Music City adventure!

The space
Your Private Modern Master Suite Awaits!

Escape to a cozy, private oasis just minutes from the international airport. This spacious, stylish Master Suite is attached to the main house but offers a completely separate, private entrance, giving you the perfect balance of comfort and privacy. You’ll sleep soundly on a super-comfy queen bed—perfect for unwinding after your travels.

Your Airbnb entrance is conveniently located in the backyard, accessible through the second driveway on the side street. Step inside your private room and bathroom, and enjoy all the amenities that make your stay feel like home. The bathroom includes a filtered shower by Canopy! 

Need to work? We’ve got you covered with a dedicated workspace and fast WiFi. Relax and unwind with a Smart TV, or take advantage of the large fenced backyard, ideal for your furry companions!

Bringing your four-legged friend? We’ve got you covered!
This spacious backyard is a dream for pets, offering plenty of room to run and explore. Pets are welcome with a $40 fee per pet —because we know how important your pets are to your travel plans. To keep things clean, there's a trash can and poop scoop for easy cleanup, but please note that if waste isn’t cleaned up, a $30 cleaning fee per pet will apply.

For your pets' safety and comfort, they MUST be crated when left alone inside the suite—and please keep them off the bedding and furniture. If your pet jumps on the furniture, an additional cleaning fee of up to $50 will apply. Need a dog kennel? We can provide one for a $20 nightly fee, subject to availability. Pets without a kennel will not be permitted to stay as we love our pets they can sometimes get scared in new places and have caused damage in the past to our suite. 

A quick 5–12 minute ride will take you straight into the heart of downtown, where you can explore local hotspots, grab a bite, or experience the city’s nightlife.

Additional details:

This is my personal home as well. Please treat it as your own as well. Noise at all hours of the night will not be tolerated. Quite hours are listed, please respect them. 

Mini fridge in the Suite! 
No kitchen in the suite and no microwave.

A true pet-friendly home! I’m a dog owner myself with two trained Belgian Malinois, so I understand the needs of both you and your pets. Please understand loud and reactive barking dogs will not be allowed. 

Whether you’re traveling for business or leisure, this private suite with its huge backyard and convenient location is the ideal retreat. Book your stay today and enjoy a peaceful, private experience with all the comforts you deserve!

Guest access
Your Private Oasis Awaits!

When you stay with us, you'll enjoy complete privacy and convenience with your own separate entry to the suite. No need to worry about sharing space—this is your peaceful retreat! The entrance to your Airbnb is tucked away in the backyard of the house, with a private driveway off the side street ensuring you can park and come and go freely without any hassle. Keyed access means you have total control over who enters—your comfort and security are our priority.

The suite is connected to the main house via shared walls, so you get the best of both worlds: proximity to the hosts but complete privacy in your own space. For your peace of mind, there’s a secure door lock between your suite and the rest of the house, ensuring you can relax and unwind without any worries.

Ready to escape to your own private retreat? Book now and experience the perfect balance of comfort, security, and convenience. Your adventure starts the moment you step through your private entry!

Other things to note
Important Info: Accessibility

Just a heads up—this space isn’t currently handicap-accessible. There’s a small step up to the entrance, and the bathroom doesn’t have a railing for extra support. While it’s cozy and comfortable, I want to make sure it’s the right fit for your needs before you book.

If you’re still up for a comfortable and peaceful stay, book now and make this your perfect getaway! If you have any questions or need recommendations for more accessible options nearby, don’t hesitate to reach out. I’m happy to help!

Any damage to the unit by guest or guests pets will be documented and charged upon check out. This is why I must stress it is mandatory to kennel your pet when not in the suite. We have had dogs cause damage to the unit and we would like to continue allowing animals. 

Spilled beverages and stains to the furniture and or suite will result in an additional charge upon inspection and discovery of the damage.

Registration Details
2024106369

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jeff
Host User ID: 23736609
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/23736609
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Jeff! I’m a photographer and sales professional with a passion for capturing the beauty of the world around me. Having traveled to over 36 countries, I love immersing myself in different cultures and landscapes, always seeking the perfect shot. I’ve called Nashville home for the past four years, and I’m excited to share the city’s unique vibe with fellow travelers. I'm always ready for the next adventure! Happy to Host you at my home!
Born in the 80s
My work: Sales
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
68 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting