URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1698881716528254512
Latitude: 36.14114
Longitude: -86.76251
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Unit #4 at Hart Suites just 10 minutes from Broadway's honky-tonks, this 3BR/2.5BA townhome sleeps 10 across 5 real beds. Perfect for bachelorette crews, family reunions, and group getaways. Full kitchen, in-unit laundry, fast WiFi, smart TV, and rare FREE on-site parking this close to downtown. A record player, guitar, and local artwork give it real Nashville soul. Self check-in, quiet hours after 9PM, and a local host team who actually replies. Book your Music City basecamp today.

The space
THE SPACE

Sleeps 10 comfortably: 3 spacious bedrooms, 5 beds, 2.5 bathrooms. Everyone gets a real bed no fighting over the couch after a night on Broadway.

Full kitchen: Cook group breakfasts before a day downtown. Drip coffee maker included for slow mornings.

In-unit washer and dryer: Pack light, stay longer, leave with clean clothes.

Fast WiFi and smart TV: Stream your shows, share your reels, or squeeze in a remote workday.

Free on-site parking: Multiple spots in the complex lot plus street parking bring the whole convoy without paying downtown garage prices.

THE LOCATION 10 MINUTES TO EVERYTHING

Broadway honky-tonks and live music. Bridgestone Arena and Ryman Auditorium. Country Music Hall of Fame. Hattie B's Hot Chicken and Five Points Pizza. Centennial Park and Radnor Lake hiking. Quick drive to BNA Airport.

Close enough to be in the action in minutes far enough to actually sleep.

WHY GUESTS BOOK WITH US

We're proud Airbnb Superhosts managing a curated portfolio of Hart Suites townhomes in Nashville. Traveling with a group? There are multiple units in this same community, so you can book side-by-side while everyone keeps their own space. Thoughtfully decorated, thoroughly cleaned, and set up as a true home base for bachelorette weekends, reunions, or anyone who needs real room to spread out. We live here and typically respond within the hour.

GOOD TO KNOW (PLEASE READ)

Self check-in after 4 PM via smart lock — skip the front desk. Lively
side street means occasional road noise. This is Unit #4 — several
similar units in this community, so minor design details may vary
slightly from photos. Quiet hours after 9 PM — great for groups, not
for parties or events. Exterior security cameras for your safety (none
inside).

No pets allowed — service animals are welcome in accordance with
Airbnb's accessibility policy.

Weekends near Broadway book fast — lock in your dates now and start
planning your Nashville trip.

Guest access
Guest Access:You'll have the ENTIRE townhome to yourselves all 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, full kitchen, living spaces, and in-unit laundry. No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group.

SELF CHECK-IN: Self check-in: your digital door code is sent by text/email 3 hours before check-in  just enter it on the smart lock keypad. A backup lockbox with a spare key is also on-site for emergencies. Message us anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking in the community lot (first-come, first-served) plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee maker everything in the home is yours to use from check-in to checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just a message away we typically respond within the hour if you need anything during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting