URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1705370171937977964
Latitude: 36.204496172548815
Longitude: -86.73762130963694
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Three floors of warm, mid-century design in East Nashville, plus a rooftop made for long dinners under string lights. Shoot pool, share a meal in the cozy dining room, then take the night up to the fire pit and lawn games. Four bedrooms and 4.5 baths, so nobody waits for a shower. You're in Nashville's best eating neighborhood: coffee at Elegy, records at Grimey's, a nightcap at The Fox, all on foot. Broadway is 12 minutes away when you want it, and easy to escape when you don't.

The space
THE KITCHEN
A real kitchen, not a rental kitchen. Full-size range, counter space to spread out, and enough pans, knives, and glassware to cook for a crowd instead of ordering in. Bring something good home from the market and make a night of it.

THE TABLE
One long dining table that seats 12 in the same room. Rarer than it sounds in a house this size, and it is where the trip actually happens.

THE LIVING SPACES
A living room with a fireplace and seating for everyone. A separate lounge with a pool table when the group splits up. 3 dedicated workspaces if someone has to log on.

WHERE YOU'LL SLEEP
Four bedrooms: two kings, a queen, queen bunks, plus a single (daybed) and a sleeper sofa. Real mattresses throughout, blackout shades in every bedroom, and 4.5 baths so mornings move.

BATH
EO products throughout. Clean ingredients, real essential oil scents, no synthetic fragrance.

THE ROOF
Turf underfoot, string lights overhead. Fire pit, lounge seating, cornhole, giant Connect Four, and a table for eating outside (seats 10). Everyone ends up here before heading out for the night, or instead of heading out at all.

Interiors by Emily Hestdalen. Nothing here is generic.

Guest access
The whole house is yours (including the garage!)

Other things to note
WHERE WE SEND PEOPLE
On foot: Lost and Found, Fox Bar, Mickey's Tavern, Gramps, Living Waters, and Grimey's for records. 
Mornings: Elegy and Mama Bread are our current favs. 
Eat: Hattie B's new East location, El Fuego for tacos, and Riverside Village for a proper dinner, a mile up the road.
Short ride: Smith & Lentz, Urban Cowboy, and Butterlamp

GETTING AROUND
Broadway and the honky-tonks are 12 minutes out, the airport 15. Five Points and Shelby Park for an afternoon.

BATH
EO throughout. Clean ingredients, real essential oil scents, no synthetic fragrance.

ROOMS
Blackout curtains/blinds in every bedroom + bonus room. Sound Machines in every bedroom. Computer monitor stored in primary closet if you need to knock out work.  

US
We're Drew and Kim. We live in East Nashville with our one-year-old and a golden retriever who believes every walk is for him. Ask us anything. Full guidebook comes with your check-in details.

GOOD TO KNOW
Three stories plus a rooftop, stairs to every level, no elevator. Ring doorbell and exterior cameras only, nothing indoors. Our neighbors live here year-round, so no parties, quiet outside after 10pm.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Drew
Host User ID: 97628279
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/97628279
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We're Drew and Kim, and we live in East Nashville. This house is minutes from our own front door, so we're not managing it from another state. We know which coffee is right on a Sunday morning and which patio is worth the wait, and we love being asked. After ten years of staying in other people's places, we built this one around everything we always wished a host had thought of.
Born in the 90s
I spend too much time: at Shelby park
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
New Host
2 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating