URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1766078825057027872
Latitude: 36.1459
Longitude: -86.7942
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Nashville from the heart of iconic Music Row at The Velvet Lounge—a stylish boutique suite in the historic center of Nashville’s music industry, where legendary artists built their careers. Sleeps 6 with 3 queen beds plus a folding floor mattress. Enjoy a dedicated vanity and makeup area, IG-worthy interiors and photo moments, plus a shared outdoor courtyard lounge. Just minutes from Broadway, The Gulch, Midtown, rooftop bars, restaurants, shopping, live music & Nashville nightlife.

The space
✨ The Velvet Lounge | Boutique Stay on Music Row

Experience Nashville from the heart of iconic Music Row at The Velvet Lounge, one of our uniquely designed boutique suites created especially for girls’ trips, bachelorette weekends, birthday celebrations and concert getaways.

Stylish, feminine, and full of personality, each suite in our Music Row collection has its own distinctive look while offering the comfort and conveniences you want for a Nashville getaway. From IG-worthy spaces and beautifully curated interiors to dedicated areas for getting ready together, every detail has been designed to make your stay feel special.

Whether you're getting ready for a night on Broadway, relaxing after a day of exploring Music City, or enjoying coffee together before heading out, you'll have a stylish and comfortable home base just minutes from Nashville's most popular destinations.

Located on iconic Music Row, you’ll be staying in the heart of the neighborhood that helped shape Nashville into Music City. For generations, legendary artists, songwriters, musicians, and producers have created some of country music’s most memorable songs just steps from here. Today, Music Row remains home to recording studios, record labels, and the unmistakable energy of Nashville’s music industry.

You’ll also be just minutes from Broadway, The Gulch, Midtown, Vanderbilt, Belmont University, Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, and some of Nashville’s best restaurants, rooftop bars, shopping, nightlife, entertainment, and live music.

Sleeping Arrangements

Sleeps 6 - 3 beds plus floor mattress
One queen bed
Queen over queen bunk bed
Folding floor mattress

Bedroom

3 Queen beds plus floor mattress
Lighted vanity with stools, nightstand, closet, over head light plus lamp, luggage rack
Top bunk quilt and top sheet folded at foot of bed

Bathroom
Shower/Tub Combo
Plush towels
Makeup washcloths
Hair dryer
Starter consumables, makeup wipes, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, hand soap, 3 rolls of toilet paper

Living Room
Comfortable seating
65" Smart TV
Curated designer décor
A perfect gathering space to relax, get ready, or unwind after a night out
Stocked Kitchen
Starter consumables, roll of paper towels, trash bags, hand soap, detergent, coffee and sugar

Everything you need to enjoy morning coffee, prepare a meal, snack, or celebrate together:
Dining table and chairs
Refrigerator & freezer, Oven & Cooktop, Microwave, Toaster, Coffee Maker
Wine glasses, Cookware, Dishes, Silverware

Included Amenities:
Free parking for one vehicle
High-speed Wi-Fi
Washer & dryer
Laundry detergent
Iron & ironing board

Starter supplies are provided for your convenience, including coffee, 2 rolls of paper towels, 3 rolls of toilet paper, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and hand soap.

For the safety and security of our guests and property, exterior security cameras monitor the outdoor patio areas and front and back entrances. There are no cameras inside the suite.

Whether you're celebrating a bride-to-be, planning a girls' getaway, attending a concert, visiting Vanderbilt or Belmont, or simply looking for a beautiful place to stay near Broadway, The Velvet Lounge offers a stylish Music Row home base for an unforgettable Nashville stay.

Guest access
You’ll have access to the suite beginning at 4:00 PM on your check-in day with convenient self check-in using an electronic door code. Your unique access code will be sent through the Airbnb app at approximately 11:00 AM on the day of arrival.

Other things to note
Boutique suite on iconic Music Row designed for girls’ trips, bachelorette weekends, birthdays and Nashville getaways. Sleeps 6 with 3 queen beds plus a folding floor mattress. Features a dedicated vanity and makeup area with lighted mirrors, IG-worthy décor and photo moments, a fully stocked kitchen, Smart TV, high-speed Wi-Fi, washer/dryer and free parking for one vehicle. Guests also have access to a shared outdoor courtyard lounge.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Denise
Host User ID: 418659226
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/418659226
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We enjoy this journey together amidst the curve balls and bits of chaos.  We have six children and are fortunate that some help us with our AirBnb.  We enjoy hosting and meeting new people, traveling and experiencing different countries and cultures.  We are thrilled to be learning this new real estate and hospitality industry.  Our hope is that our enthusiasm will show in our guests experiences.
My work: Real estate
Most useless skill: I am can talk like an autioneer.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
677 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting