URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1481975662642509891
Latitude: 36.1542157601245
Longitude: -86.82434400741722
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 22
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Perfect for larger groups, this double-stacked Nashville retreat combines two side-by-side townhomes, each with 4 bedrooms, 4.5 baths, rooftop patios, hot tubs, and custom murals. Accommodating up to 24 guests, it's ideal for family gatherings, corporate retreats, wedding groups, and respectful bachelor or bachelorette celebrations. Enjoy plenty of space to relax, reconnect, and experience the best of Music City together.

The space
Step into 8 bedrooms, 9 bathrooms, and two fully loaded kitchens, where the vibe is bold, the decor is photo-ready, and every detail has been designed to provide a comfortable and enjoyable stay for larger groups. From oversized leather couches and open-concept living areas to two rooftop hot tubs with skyline views—every space invites connection.

Need to work between honky-tonks? Each home features fast Wi-Fi and tucked-away desks. Prefer to unplug? Fire up the cornhole, giant Jenga, or just relax and enjoy sunset views over the city skyline.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements (in each townhome) 
FULL SOFA BED IN LIVING ROOM 
BEDROOM 1: 1 QUEEN BED	
BEDROOM 2: 1 QUEEN BED	
BEDROOM 3: 2 FULL BED	
BEDROOM 4: 2 TWIN OVER FULL BUNK BED

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, and laundry and dishwasher pods. 

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

★★ Exclusive Guest Perks★★
As a guest, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Humminghost's partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Enjoy easy self check-in with smart locks; your unique code will be sent before arrival. Before each stay  your unit is carefully inspected to meet our high standards for cleanliness and comfort. During your visit  our local Humming Host team is just a message away on the Airbnb app and available 24/7. We fully respect your privacy but are always happy to help or share local tips whenever you need us.

Other things to note
★Community Guidelines★
Gatherings are not permitted in front of the homes, in driveway areas, rear garage spaces, or other shared community areas. Guests must be respectful of neighbors when using balconies, rooftop patios, and outdoor spaces at all times, including outside quiet hours. Music must be kept at a reasonable volume. Excessive noise, yelling, amplified music, and disruptive behavior are prohibited at all times. Quiet hours are strictly enforced from 10 PM to 8 AM. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Community Security★
The townhome community has exterior security cameras installed and monitored by the HOA in common exterior areas. These cameras are for community safety and do not monitor the interior of the home or any private indoor spaces.

★Smoke-Free Home & Community★
In accordance with building rules, smoking is not permitted inside the unit or any common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Supplies & Essentials★
We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.

★Families & Baby Gear★
Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play and baby gate (in homes with stairs) available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.

★Maintenance & Repairs★	
Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.

★Stairs & Multi-Level Layout★
This townhome spans four floors and stairs are required to access the bedrooms, living areas, and hot tub. Because of the multi-level layout, the home may not be the best fit for guests with mobility considerations, those who prefer minimal stair use, or families traveling with very young children who may be sensitive to frequent stair climbing.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Paris, France
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2656 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting