URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1634698476267480728
Latitude: 36.1437
Longitude: -86.763
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Modern Nashville townhome with skyline views and two private decks, just minutes from Broadway and The Gulch. This stylish 2-bedroom, 2-bath retreat features a king suite, queen guest room, attached garage, and a cozy office nook—perfect for work or relaxation between exploring Music City.

Other things to note
Primary renter must be at least 25 years of age. Guests may be asked to present their government issued IDs upon arrival or anytime during their stay. Do not rent this unit for another party. The primary renter must be staying in the unit.

About the Vacation Rental Unit:

Welcome to your modern Nashville retreat—perfectly located near Broadway, The Gulch, major universities, and many of Music City’s most popular dining, shopping, and entertainment destinations. This thoughtfully designed two-bedroom townhome blends contemporary style with comfortable living, making it an ideal place to relax after exploring the city.

The home features a bright, open layout with tasteful furnishings and comfortable living spaces throughout. Guests will enjoy convenient amenities including an attached garage, multiple outdoor decks with skyline views, and a versatile office nook located on the stairway landing—perfect for catching up on work or planning your Nashville adventures.

Step outside onto the front-facing balcony or the spacious back deck above the garage and take in beautiful views of the Nashville skyline. Whether you're sipping morning coffee or winding down after a night on Broadway, these outdoor spaces offer a great setting to relax and enjoy the city atmosphere.

This 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom vacation rental features:
Master Bedroom: King Bed
Primary Guest Bedroom: Queen Bed
Master Bathroom: Dual vanity sinks and walk in shower
Primary Guest Bathroom: Walk in shower

Maximum Guest Occupancy: 4 Guests (Please note that children under the age of two years still count toward the maximum guest occupancy.)

This Nashville townhome was designed with comfort and convenience in mind. The main living area offers a welcoming space to relax after a day of exploring the city, complete with comfortable seating and modern décor. Large windows bring in natural light, while the open layout allows for an easy flow between living, dining, and kitchen spaces.

The kitchen is well-equipped for preparing meals or quick snacks before heading out to experience Nashville’s famous food scene. Whether you’re staying for a weekend getaway, a music event, or an extended visit, the home provides everything needed for a comfortable stay.

One of the standout features of this property is the outdoor space. Guests can enjoy both a front-facing balcony and a spacious back deck above the garage, offering elevated views of the surrounding neighborhood and Nashville skyline. These outdoor areas are perfect for enjoying morning coffee, evening drinks, or simply taking in the energy of the city.

Inside the home, the dedicated office nook provides a convenient workspace for guests who need to check emails or work remotely during their stay. Combined with the home’s central location and comfortable layout, this property offers the perfect balance of city access and private retreat.
  
About the Community/Property:

Located in Chestnut Hill, one of Nashville’s fastest-growing and most vibrant neighborhoods, this home places you just 5 minutes from Downtown Nashville and Broadway. The area blends historic character with modern city energy, offering easy access to some of the city’s best restaurants, breweries, coffee shops, music venues, and local attractions.

Chestnut Hill is known for its unique mix of industrial-chic buildings, creative spaces, and growing culinary scene. Guests can quickly reach popular districts like The Gulch, SoBro, and Downtown, making it easy to experience Nashville’s famous live music, nightlife, and dining without long travel times.

The community itself offers a quieter residential atmosphere while still being close to the excitement of the city. Whether you're heading out to explore Broadway’s honky-tonks, attending a concert, visiting nearby universities, or enjoying one of Nashville’s many festivals or sporting events, this location provides a convenient and comfortable home base for your stay.

Other details to note: 

Trash: Please take your trash out to the dumpster, which is in the back parking lot behind the building.

Upon booking, you’ll receive timely communications about your trip. Access to your professionally cleaned and sanitized home is also convenient with our custom keyless locks. And, if you need anything before, during or after your stay, our local team is ready to help!

Please be aware that there will be NO refunds for Wi-Fi issues as it’s not guaranteed. If reliable Wi-Fi is a must, you are welcome to bring your own internet hotspot.

Non-negotiable rules: No Smoking or Vaping, No Events or Parties, No Firearms. Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am (unless posted signage indicates otherwise).

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 146884195
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/146884195
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Looking to plan a dreamy beach get-away? 30a Seascapes has hundreds of properties, from the salt filled waters of the Gulf, Music City (Nashville), and more. As a #1 rated Superhost, 30a Seascapes provides the best guest experience by way of stunning beachfront properties, topnotch resorts offering fantastic amenities, and excellent customer service. We pride ourselves when it comes to reliable, timely, and clear communication with our clientele.
Born in the 60s
Speaks English and Serbian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
35141 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting