URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1473233446278926027
Latitude: 36.15869373455663
Longitude: -86.81593327189918
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 15
occupancy: 14
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to 615 House--your group's ultimate Music City HQ. This massive, 4-bedroom, 4-bath modern retreat sleeps a crowd (15 beds!) and brings the energy of Broadway right to your rooftop — complete with glowing neon, skyline views, and room to spread out in style. Whether you're here for a birthday bash, bachelorette blowout, or just a good ol' friends getaway, this is the spot!

The space
Step into the kind of Nashville stay that actually lives up to the hype. Professionally managed by Safiri Vacation Rentals Services, this 4-bedroom, 4-bath home was made for groups who want more than just a place to crash — it’s bold, bright, and built for celebration. With 15 beds, tons of hangout space, and a rooftop deck that turns into your own private honky tonk at night (neon glow included), it’s everything your crew needs for a legendary trip. From bachelorette weekends to milestone birthdays or music-lover meetups, this is where unforgettable memories are made.

What You'll Love:

Private Rooftop Paradise
Our full rooftop patio is lined with neon, lit for photos, and made for memories. Cozy seating, a honky tonk-inspired feature wall, and jaw-dropping views of Downtown Nashville? Yes, please.


15 Beds • 4 Bedrooms • 4 Full Baths
2 King Beds
4 Queen Beds
6 Singles in our one-of-a-kind modular bunk loft — part slumber party, part cool hideout
2 more twin beds for good measure, plus a pull out couch! 
No one’s stuck on the couch—unless they want the pull-out! Everyone gets a comfy spot!

All the Essentials
Fully stocked kitchen
Fire TVs in every room
Hotel-quality bedding & bath amenities
Three coffee options: drip, Keurig, and Nespresso (we got you, caffeine crew)

Game Night Greatness
Pool table, ping pong + corn hole for game room hangs

Location, Location, Location
We're in a quiet pocket near West End and Charlotte Avenue, with local coffee shops, breweries, and restaurants within walking distance.
1.5 miles to Top Golf
A short Uber to Broadway, The Gulch, and Midtown
Easy access to Titans games, Bridgestone Arena, and honky tonk heaven

-Pet-Friendly • Group-Friendly • Good-Vibes-Only-

Book now and bring your best people. Nashville’s calling — and this is your front row seat.

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire townhome. Street parking is available.

Other things to note
Your total reservation fee for this home includes a per-booking damage waiver fee, including any applicable taxes. The damage waiver ensures coverage for any accidental damage caused to the home or its contents, including appliances and furnishings, up to a maximum of $1,500. Damage due to smoking and pets is excluded. To benefit from this coverage, you must report the incident to the host before you check out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Safiri Vacation Rental Services
Host User ID: 437892731
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/437892731
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We're Safiri and we take pride in offering top-notch hospitality and unforgettable vacation experiences for our guests in the North Georgia mountains, the Florida Panhandle, Atlanta and Nashville. We are thrilled to have you as our guest and look forward to hosting you during your stay!
Speaks English
Lives in Canton, Georgia
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
1835 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting