URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1264561730672608106
Latitude: 36.15458235370535
Longitude: -86.77504662771
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the stylish Yee Haw Hangout - THE place to kick-back during your stay in Nashville. 4 min drive to Broadway in the heart of downtown Nashville. Enjoy high-end amenities, perfect for entertaining or unwinding, as well as a fully-stocked suite with everything you'll need for a comfortable stay.

Permit #: T2022056637

The space
What You'll Love:

⭐️ Self check-in 
⭐️ 1 free parking spot in a covered parking garage
⭐️ High speed internet
⭐️ Glam room 
⭐️ 55" Smart TV and comfy seating
⭐️ Luxurious amenities including a rooftop pool, rooftop patio, lounge and state of the art gym
⭐️ Spacious bedrooms (1 king bed, 1 queen bed)
⭐️ Fully-equipped kitchen, including kitchen appliances (microwave, oven, kettle, coffee maker, cooking and eating utensils)
⭐️ Private balcony
⭐️ Stylish design in a well-sought after apartment community located 10 minutes from downtown 
⭐️ Walking distance to tons of bars and restaurants & a 4 minute drive to Broadway

Guest access
Guests will have access to our private 2-bedroom suite with a private balcony, as well as the apartment's shared rooftop pool, lounge, billiards room and gym. Guests have access to one parking spot located in the parking garage (*guests MUST register their vehicle via the Parkade app to be granted free parking).  

The only space of the unit which is off limits to guests is the locked owners' closet in the queen bedroom.

Other things to note
We provide our guests with a "starter kit" of supplies to make your stay more comfortable, including:

- 1 bathing towel and 1 washcloth per guest
- 2 hand towels in the bathroom
- Body soap, hand soap, shampoo and conditioner 
- 2 kitchen towels
- 3 rolls of toilet paper
- 2 rolls of paper towel under the kitchen sink
- Laundry soap and softener
- Dishing washing soap and dishwasher pods
- Ground coffee, tea, powdered coffee creamer, sugar, salt, pepper, cooking oil and vinegar

We have drip coffee maker (with filters) and a hot water kettle for your use in the kitchen.

LIABILITY MESSAGE:
By booking your stay with us, you acknowledge that you are aware of the risks connected with activity by and in the pool. You agree to not hold accountable or bring legal action against the property management company, the co-hosts, or the owners of the home. This message and your booking with us releases the property management company from all liability relating to injuries that may occur on location before, during, or after activity. You also agree to hold the property management company, co-hosts, and owners of the home free from any liability, including financial responsibility for injuries incurred, regardless of the reasons or circumstances.

You acknowledge the risk involved with activities by and/or on the pool including, but not limited to, sprains, slips and falls, or other physical injuries. You certify that your participation is voluntary and you have been made aware of the risks. Additionally, you do not have any conditions that may increase your likelihood of injury.

The pool is open from 8am-8pm 7-days a week with the exception of December and January.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tiffany
Host User ID: 112552627
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/112552627
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Four years ago, my husband Charles and I quit our corporate jobs to become full-time Airbnb hosts, and since taking the leap we've never looked back! We love what we do! Hosting allows us to help others in areas we're really passionate about - travel and real estate - while giving us quality time to spend with our two little ones at home.
Where I went to school: Ryerson University
My work: Airbnb host :)
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2375 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting