URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/39715068
Latitude: 36.18832
Longitude: -86.81275
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Spacious home so close to downtown Nashville with 3 large suites that each have private en-suite bathrooms. Come visit Music City in STYLE & COMFORT!!
4 miles to downtown/Broadway
4 miles to Vanderbilt University
2 miles to the heart of Charming Germantown
Fully stocked kitchen with stainless steel appliances & granite counters
Streaming access & high-speed WiFi
Private office space with desk & chair
Spacious, modern and fresh 
Mid-century modern furnishings
Garage and driveway parking

The space
Enjoy your visit to Nashville in our 2-story, newly built home. Spacious and stylish, there are 3 Primary Suites, 3.5 bathrooms, and an open floor-plan in the main living areas. Our home was built for the purpose of hosting you! It is our pleasure to share our space and our love of Nashville with you. 

BEDROOMS
Groups of 8 people can sleep comfortably in our home. There are 3 large suites, each with a comfortable queen-size bed and its own private bathroom. The two upstairs bedrooms have an additional daybed with pull out trundle below. We have twin size air mattresses for the trundles if needed. All bedrooms have plenty of closet space, hangers and drawer space. All bed and bathroom linens are provided. 

BATHROOMS & LAUNDRY
Every bedroom has its own private en-suite bathroom - one with a soaker tub in addition to a walk-in shower, the others with a tub/shower combo. There’s also a half-bath on the 1st floor by the kitchen/living room. We've got you covered with towels, bed linens, hair dryers, and iron/ironing board. There’s also a washer and dryer complete with detergent in case you need it!

RELAX AND CHILL
The living room has ample comfortable seating and a large 70-inch TV that has  streaming access for Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, etc. (with your own logins). We have a front porch and a rear deck for relaxing and enjoying some fresh air. 

DINING IN
The fully-stocked kitchen has all of the essentials to cook and enjoy meals together. There's a refrigerator, stove/oven, dishwasher, microwave, toaster, blender, cookware, dishes, utensils, drinking glasses, wine glasses, wine opener and more. We’ve also provided a standard 14-cup coffee maker with coffee and sweeteners as we know how important this morning ritual is. The dining table and island bar seating make mealtime a breeze. We have a gas grill on the rear deck and grilling tools available for your use.

WORK 
If you're in town for work or just need to stay caught up on email, rest assured we've got high-speed WiFi and a laptop friendly workspace for your use. 

FAMILIES WELCOME 
Families are always welcome in our home! There's a large bathtub in the 1st floor master bath to make bath-time easier, and the washer & dryer will certainly come in handy with little ones. We also have some board games to add to your family fun!

ACCESS
We have a keypad entry for easy check-in with a unique access code for your stay. Guests have private access to the entire house. Your hosts are just a text or call away and we will respond immediately if you have a question or need anything during your stay. 

PARKING
Parking is available on the street in front of the house or in the garage and driveway which are accessible from the alley entrance behind our home. If you need space for more than three cars, you will need to use a combination of driveway and on-street parking.  

IMPORTANT DETAILS
Standard check-in time is 3:00 - 9 PM, and check-out is 11:00 AM. In some cases it may be possible to arrange an earlier check-in or later check-out for an additional fee.
Our maximum occupancy is firm and we cannot accommodate groups larger than 10 according to our Short Term Rental Permit.
Our home is a duplex and we must ask you to respect the people living in the other half of the space. NO LOUD NOISE after 10 PM, NO PARTIES, NO EXCEPTIONS.
We have security cameras on the exterior of the home. There are—of course—no cameras or recording devices inside the home.  
We have a strict NO PETS policy. 

We care about our community and love our neighbors! We are proud to offer a living wage to all service personnel who assist in running our property. We are fully permitted and abide by all local and state regulations governing short-term rentals, including the remittance of hotel occupancy and sales & use taxes. All bookings include the state-required Hotel Tax of 6% in addition to Sales & Use Tax.
PERMIT listed in photos.

Guest access
You will have private access to the two main floors of the house. The garage located under the house is available to our guests. Access to the home is by keyless entry. You will be given a unique code to use for the duration of your stay.

Other things to note
We have a strict "no pets" policy due to family allergies. Thank you for respecting this condition of our rental.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lisa
Host User ID: 154571895
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/154571895
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Wife, mom, grandma, dog mom, golfer, hiker, cyclist, host, consultant... grateful.

I love being outdoors as much as possible. We have 6 adult children and 3 grandchildren living in different cities around the US and we try to visit them often. Our goldendoodle, Sophie, is often along for the ride.

I hope you have a truly wonderful experience when you stay at one of my listings.
Born in the 60s
My work: Superhost
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
423 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting