URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1371814357459821082
Latitude: 36.1545
Longitude: -86.7637
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Music City Muse, your stylish Downtown Nashville retreat! This modern 2BR/2BA condo sleeps 8 and is just minutes from Broadway, Ascend Amphitheater, and Nissan Stadium. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, cozy beds, and a spacious living area. Community perks include a rooftop lounge with skyline views, a fitness center, laundry room, and more. Whether you're here for live music, nightlife, or exploring the city, we offer the perfect blend of excitement and relaxation.

The space
This stunning condo, located in the vibrant SoBro (South of Broadway, AMAZING LOCATION) district, puts you right in the heart of Music City’s energy. Whether you're here for the neon lights of Broadway, a concert at Ascend Amphitheater, or a game at Nissan Stadium, this prime location ensures you’re just a short 15-20 minute walk or a quick 5-minute Uber ride from all the action. Plus, with easy access to I-40 and I-24, exploring beyond downtown is effortless.

This thoughtfully designed second-floor retreat is perfect for families, couples, or groups, comfortably sleeping up to 8 guests. Featuring two spacious private bedrooms, each with a plush king bed and ensuite bath, along with twin-over-twin bunk beds off the kitchen and a cozy queen sleeper sofa, there’s plenty of space for everyone. A second entry to the full guest bathroom ensures added convenience.

Enjoy a stylish and inviting living space, perfect for unwinding after a night out or gearing up for a day of adventure. The fully equipped kitchen and four-person dining area make it easy to share meals and create memories (please note cooking oil is not provided). Whether you're soaking in the city’s electric energy or relaxing in your own urban oasis, Music City Muse offers the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and Nashville charm.

Additional Amenities:
A rooftop lounge with stunning downtown skyline views
A fitness center
Corn hole for a fun activity in the shared spaces
An elevator for seamless access to the second floor
Paid laundry area inside the Muse building
Free first come, first served street parking or 50% off at the covered garage under the building

Arriving ahead of check in? DripIV (on site in the suite next to our lobby) offers luggage storage through a third party called Bounce. Storage is available Monday-Wednesday from 10am-2pm and Thursday-Sunday from 9am-5pm.

Nearby Attractions:
Broadway (World Famous Honky Tonks, restaurants, bars, and shopping) / Ryman Auditorium / Bridgestone Arena / Country Music Hall of Fame – 0.7 miles
Nissan Stadium (Titans games & major concerts) – 0.7 miles
Music City Center (conventions & events) – 0.6 miles
Ascend Amphitheater – 0.5 miles
SoBro District (restaurants, bars, live music, and nightlife) – 0.5 miles
The Gulch (trendy dining, shopping, and murals) – 1.4 miles
Music Row – 2 miles
Topgolf Nashville – 1.7 miles
Sounds Baseball at First Horizon Park – 1.7 miles
Centennial Park / The Parthenon – 3.2 miles
Vanderbilt University / Vanderbilt Hospital – 2.8 miles

Whether you're here for the vibrant nightlife, live music, or exploring the city’s cultural landmarks, Music City Muse offers a peaceful place to recharge in a slightly quieter part of town. Note: The building is located near a freeway. While the traffic is barely audible with all doors and windows closed, we want to mention this for those who may be very light sleepers. 

Book your stay today and experience the perfect rhythm of relaxation and adventure in Nashville!

Presented by InJoy Nashville: Experience Your Stay

Guest access
Smart Lock
2nd Floor

Registration Details
2022079800

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: InJoy Vacations
Host User ID: 425884247
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/425884247
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
InJoy Vacations proudly offers a selection of high-quality condo rentals in Panama City Beach, FL & Nashville, TN. We are a locally owned and operated business, and we love to share our community with owners and guests. Our goal is to provide exceptional vacation experiences to visitors, and we’ve perfected our craft. Many of our guests choose to return year after year.
My work: InJoy Vacations
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
4503 reviews
4.73 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting