URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/16613520
Latitude: 36.1694
Longitude: -86.7608
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 3
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Small upstairs apt @former home of a famous country Music ⭐! park here FREE & walk 1 mile to Titans Stadium,  Broadway,  Honky Tonks, Preds, Ascend, Bridgestone, Schermerhorn etc. 5 Points foodie and Art District , a 7-10 minute walk. Main BR has a Q bed and a Twin sofa/flip, LR has DBL un-comfy pullout, kitchen, BIG bathroom. Private entry & off street parking! 
Host/owner close or on-sight. 
No parties, leave that 4 downtown! Lyft & use our code 4 discounts!

The space
This is an upstairs apartment of a historic stone home.' It was built in the very early 1900's, so the floors may squeak, and they are a bit uneven : )  but the character is all around you, the furnishings are comfy but not brand new. If you are wanting POSH, this is not it : )  You can find POSH at one of Nashville's finest hotels downtown for 3-4 times this price : )   IF you choose to stay here,  you will have a large clean bedroom with a Q bed and a small sofa that flips out, and a TV.  The living room has a TV,  dining set, computer desk and sleeper sofa DBL size not so comfy; a full mini kitchen, and a very large bathroom that is big enough for 2 to get ready at same time,  your own private driveway; keybox  entry.  It is a "no smoking inside" property, however we do allow outside smoking on the porches and it is 420 friendly here. Walk  to the "Broadway and 2nd ave" area by taking a right on the sidewalk, and in a few minutes, you cross the famous "John Seigenthaler pedestrian bridge"!  You have now  arrived at the tourist strip : ) About a 20  min walk or you can walk left 3 blocks, left again  a block or two and arrive in the local popular 5 Points area, a great Foodie/Craft Beer/Art spot in a bit less time.  Shelby Park Nature Center/Greenway River trails are also to the left and through the historic area homes and specialty shops. 
Some of the proceeds from this rental go to a local multi-species animal rescue sanctuary. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT!  Big Dog Heaven Animal Care is a 501c3 State of Tn registered animal rescue/sanctuary. 
*The exterior entry staircase is steep, and may not be suitable for elderly, disabled, young children, or persons with issues in balance or climbing skills, or humans who may have been drinking a bit too much. Please be cautious while using staircase.  Old houses have old house issues, like tub stains for example, if these bother you go elsewhere. A Hold harmless disclaimer us applicable to ALL persons who use this apartment and stais.  We are governed by the local historic society on what we can do regarding replacement. When you rent this space you are waiving your rights and agree to hold harmless the property owner from any/all liabilities.  We do have an inside emergency staircase for fire or medical accessibility. please remember this is a historic home and is well over 100 years old. 
Note: we do not guarantee the use of the washer and or dryer at any time, the units are older and may or may not be in working condition. If this is important to you, please inquire prior to making your reservation final.

Guest access
Titans game parking!  private driveway, enter the apartment by going up the stairs that are located just next to your car. The entry door with a lockbox is at the top of the metal staircase.  You will enjoy your own personal space with the amenities of a home, but there is much to do and see.  This home is located right on the SHELBY WALK, which leads to downtown, over to 5 points, the park, the river, paddle boating, golf, bike trails, nature hikes, ball fields and so much more!  During the fireworks seasons, you can find a view of the downtown Nashville fireworks just by walking out the door, and walk to town in about 15 minutes as all you do is turn right onto the sidewalk, downtown is just in front of you as you will see the Nissan Stadium where the Titans play is really just right there, and right beside it is the pedestrian bridge that leads you straight over to Broadway and Honky Tonk row, Printers Alley and so much more. You can Lyft, bike, or walk over to a Titans game or Predators game, go to the famous street bars on Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, Live On The Green, 5-points,  or Ascend Amphitheater just to name a few things..too much to even list all close to this home which is located about a mile .5 from Broadway on Shelby Av.

Other things to note
We are a property that has been legally permitted by the city of Nashville, and have undergone fire inspection.  Fire extinguishers under the kitchen sink and fire alarms installed per codes.

Walking distance to Bridgestone, Titans Stadium, Ascend Amphitheatre, Broadway and 2nd Av famous honkey tonk bars, food, shopping, Art district, 5 points, and so much more!  One of Nashville's BEST locations!  All you have to do is walk across the bridge and past the Titans football field to the pedestrian bridge/Broadway and EVERYTHING is right there!

Walking to the local Bar/Foodie places just go left on the sidewalk and turn left a couple of blocks up "Five Points" area.
Great foods/shops/bars and more.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sharon
Host User ID: 109654692
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/109654692
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I am a native Nashvillian, a former affiliate with the county music group  Alabama,   who now volunteers my days at an animal rescue and  rehab center.   I am only a text away if you need assistance with questions or suggestions on places to go etc.  There is always someone available to assist you if needed, but far enough away for you to have some privacy too.  Some of our proceeds go to the animal rescue, so when you stay with us, you help the animals!  
This location is  smack dab in the center of all the downtown fun, and super close to 5 points "foodie" popular places, and a more private ,peaceful and pet friendly place that is still close enough to Nashville and right off I-65,  this is it!   We appreciate your business!
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
435 reviews
4.72 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting