URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/903125480413118596
Title: Casa Dora 742-luxurious home–Sleeps 10
Latitude: 36.16085
Longitude: -86.80878
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: rendered_map.LocationPdpSectionView.mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience modern comfort at Casa Dora, a beautifully designed 3BR/3BA Nashville retreat just 10 minutes from downtown. Enjoy a private backyard with a grill, upper deck with firepit, and stylish interiors featuring stainless-steel kitchen appliances, two dining areas, and a 65" Smart TV. Perfect for families or groups, this pet-friendly home offers parking, workspace, and quick access to top attractions, dining, and music venues.

Other things to note
Primary renter must be at least 25 years of age. Guests may be asked to present their IDs upon arrival or anytime during their stay.

Casa Dora is situated in a perfect location near all of the best attractions, nightlife, restaurants, shopping, and museums that this vibrant city is known for. Yet, you can always kick back and enjoy some summer sunshine right at home base with the backyard featuring a gas grill that is more than ready to assist with cookouts in the fresh air along with a house-wide second deck with seating and a firepit.

When you finally head inside, the comfort and fun will continue with a stunning interior with contemporary touches, high-end furnishings, and a spacious layout offering plenty of room for everyone to spread out. When mealtimes come along, your best recipes will be a breeze to prepare in the full kitchen using the stainless-steel appliances, beautiful countertops, and two dining tables to gather at. Not to mention, the living room has plenty of seating for all to gather at the end of the day and stream favorite movies on the 65-inch smart TV. A desk awaits in the sunroom as well for those that need to stay connected with remote work or school.

A Nashville retreat has never looked so good, so book your stay while this city gem lasts!

Maximum Guest Occupancy: 10 Guests (Please note that children under the age of two years still count toward the maximum guest occupancy.)

This vacation rental features:
2 Queen Bed
2 Twin Bed
2 Sofa Bed
3 bedrooms
3 bathrooms
4 dog max

WHAT’S NEARBY:
The Parthenon    1.6 Miles
Centennial Dog Park    1.7 Miles
Centennial Park    1.9 Miles
Ryman Auditorium    2.6 Miles
Country Music Hall Of Fame And Museum    2.8 Miles
The Johnny Cash Museum & Cafe    2.8 Miles
The Governors Club    19.4 Miles

THINGS TO KNOW:
Streaming is available with guest accounts.
Parking notes: There is free parking for vehicles.
Guest entry instructions: This rental utilizes an E-lock, a digital lock that requires a unique code to enter. This code is reset after each guest's stay.

Upon booking, you’ll receive timely communications about your trip. Access to your professionally cleaned and sanitized home is also convenient with our custom keyless locks. And, if you need anything before, during or after your stay, our local team is ready to help!

Please be aware that there will be NO refunds for Wi-Fi issues as it’s not guaranteed. If reliable Wi-Fi is a must, you are welcome to bring your own internet hotspot.

Non-negotiable rules: No Smoking or Vaping, No Pets, No Events or Parties, No Firearms. Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am (unless posted signage indicates otherwise).

Trash: We have 3 cans outside by the house. Trash pick up days are every Wednesday. If you are renting the home during this day, please leave the cans on the street the night before on Tuesday night and after pick up, please take the cans back to the house.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 146884195
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/146884195
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Looking to plan a dreamy beach get-away? 30a Seascapes has hundreds of properties, from the salt filled waters of the Gulf, Music City (Nashville), and more. As a #1 rated Superhost, 30a Seascapes provides the best guest experience by way of stunning beachfront properties, topnotch resorts offering fantastic amenities, and excellent customer service. We pride ourselves when it comes to reliable, timely, and clear communication with our clientele.
Born in the 60s
Speaks English and Serbian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
35142 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting