URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1541259818302346800
Latitude: 36.14436
Longitude: -86.78434
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 15
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Start your Nashville trip above the city… unwinding in a private barrel sauna as the skyline glows around you. The Wren by Elevay & Co. sits in the heart of the Gulch, walkable to Nashville’s best restaurants, coffee, and nightlife, and just 5 minutes to Broadway. With a private rooftop built for sunset hangs, 14 beds for large groups, and intentional spaces designed for connection, this is the kind of stay your group will talk about long after the trip ends.

The space
Designed specifically for group travel, The Wren blends modern comfort with the energy of Nashville. Sip coffee with skyline views, gather on the rooftop before a night out, and return home to a layout that gives everyone space without losing the feeling of being together. From the fully stocked kitchen to thoughtful details most homes overlook, everything here was created to make your trip feel effortless, elevated, and unforgettable.

✨ What You’ll Love
♨️ Rooftop barrel sauna  (fully operational)
🌇 Rooftop lounge w/ fire pit, west facing views & golden hour sunsets.
👟 Located in the Gulch, walkable to coffee shops, restaurants, bars, and more.
🛏️ Sleeps 12 comfortably across 4 bedrooms + 14 beds total
☕ Fully Stocked Coffee Bar for your perfect morning coffee
🍽️ Chef’s kitchen w/ all your kitchen basics from a toaster to blenders.
🎶 Just minutes from Broadway, Downtown, 12 South, Music Row, and more!
🚗 Garage parking + free street parking
✅ Early check-in & late check-out when available

♨️ Rooftop Sauna Instructions:
The sauna is fully available for guest use—enjoy and relax!
- Once in the sauna, the controls are on the bottom of the metal heater.
- Temperature dial is on the left, and timer is on the right.
- Move both dials ONE CLICK to the right . You can hear it click. This turns the sauna on.
- If you move the dial past the first click, it activates a delayed start timer equal to the number of hours on the dial.
- There is also a water bucket for the hot coals as well. Once the sauna has heated up, you can then pour over
- To turn the sauna off, turn the timer dial back to the left of 0.

PLEASE NOT NOT EVER LEAVE THE SAUNA ON UNATTENDED!

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (4BR, 4BA, 14 Beds)
Level 1 (with the garage):
Bedroom 1 - Queen bed + full trundle (1Q, 1F)
Built in Full Bunks by the stairs (FQ)

Level 2 (with the living room + kitchen):
Bedroom 2 - 2x Queen/Twin Beds (QF, 2T)

Level 3 (with laundry):
Bedroom 3 - King Suite with a twin trundle (1K, 1T)
Bedroom 4 - 2 Queens + Twin Daybed (2Q, 2T)

Each bedroom has an ensuite bathroom.
4 full bathrooms so no one’s waiting in line!

Mornings at The Wren start at the coffee bar. Whether you're an early riser or recovering from a night on Broadway, you’ll find everything you need to fuel your day. Offering both options for either Drip or Keurig brewers, with creamers, syrups, and all the fixings. It's your own personal cafe. 

Fully loaded kitchen includes sleek stainless steel appliances, toaster,  blender, all the cookware / utensils, and more. 

🏙️ Location Highlights:
🛻 Walkable to the Gulch / Edgehill
🛍️ 5 min to 12 South
🍴 5 min to Broadway’s honky-tonks & nightlife
🏈 9 min to Titans Stadium & TopGolf
✈️ 14 min to BNA Airport
🎶 20 min to Grand Ole Opry
You’ll be in the perfect spot to explore — without the chaos of being in the middle of it all.

☕ Walkable Neighborhood Gems
Sunda (asian fusion)
Osa Coffee Roasters (coffee shop)
The Well Coffeehouse (coffee shop)
LalaLand Coffee (coffee shop)
Barcelona Wine Bar (restaurant)
L.A. Jackson (rooftoop bar)
Golden Sound (speakeasy vibe bar)
Biscuit Love Gulch (breakfast)
& SO MUCH MORE!!

🚗 Parking
2 spots in the attached garage & free street parking directly in front
Well-lit & easy access.

WE DO NOT RENT TO LOCALS; IF YOU ARE A LOCAL PLEASE INQUIRE BEFORE ATTEMPTING TO BOOK.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge,  kitchen, living area, bedrooms, and bathrooms. Please note this is an attached townhome.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

STRP#2021025289

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting