URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/12038428
Latitude: 36.1712
Longitude: -86.7959
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
We are complimented the most for our beds and location. What they're saying: *Nice house. Quite neighborhood. Easy driving to Nissan stadium and Broadway.* -Mark *This was an amazing stay!!! Neighborhood quiet, very clean, plenty of room, comfy beds.....the perfect place for a 21st bday girls trip!* -Amanda *The property was awesome. Very clean, comfortable and located very close to downtown. Would definitely stay there again.*-Philip
The Capitol District House, locally owned & operated.

The space
Room for your group: 2 living rooms, 4 sleeping spaces, 2 balconies, 2 porches, 2 washers and dryers, 2 fridges, free off street and on street parking

What everyone asks about-Where's the beds?:
There are three bedrooms on the top floor. Two bedrooms have one queen bed each. The third bedroom has 2 twin long beds (not bunk beds, sorry). In the walk out basement, there is another queen bed. There are no beds on the main floor.

Comfortable for your group: coveted beds and pillows, fully stocked kitchen, high quality furniture, plenty of blankets and towels

Convenience for your group: You are inside the downtown loop (no interstate crossings to get anywhere downtown!). You have a parking pad behind the house that fits two sedans. The street has free parking. You are a smidge over one mile to Broadway (where the famous bars are like Tootsie's and Robert's Western World plus Bridgestone Arena), 1 mile to Printer's Alley (Bluegrass bar, Skull's Rainbow Room), 1 mile to Nashville Yards (The Pinnacle), > mile to the State Capitol (hence our name :-), 2 miles to Nissan  Stadium (Go Titans!) and Music City Center (conventions), 6 miles to Bluebird Cafe, 8 miles to BNA (the airport), 13 miles to the Grand Ole Opry

Top level:  facing the street is the master balcony with outdoor seating, the master bedroom has a queen bed, a comfortable chair, a dresser, a Smart TV, a ceiling fan, a bathroom with a soaking tub/shower and double vanity; directly outside the bedroom door is a 2nd bathroom with a soaking tub/shower and double vanity, across the hall are two more bedrooms, one has two twin long beds and the other a queen bed.

Middle level: facing the street is the main living room with a sofa, sofa chair, TV stand, Smart TV and coffee table; this level is an open floor plan with the dining room table directly behind the living room and the kitchen at the back of the home; off the kitchen is the main laundry room and a half bathroom; another balcony with seating and facing the backyard can be accessed from the kitchen

Bottom level: the walkout basement has another living room with sofa, sofa chair, desk, TV stand, smart TV; a kitchenette with a fridge, dishwasher and cooking elements, a queen bed and another full bathroom, it walks out to a back porch with seating

We are a guest favorite.  See our reviews! Usually booked every weekend, so if yours is free snag it! Feel free to message me with any questions you don't see answered here.  I'm a local too ;-)

Guest access
No hassle with keys.  Guests will get a door code to access both the front and back door. Free off street and on street parking.

Other things to note
You will be staying in an urban neighborhood along with all the noises and interactions that come with it.  I have resided in the same neighborhood since 2008.  Many neighbors have become friends.  I am happy I can share this space with you and call you my neighbor if only for a few days.

You are one and half miles to Broadway (where the famous bars are such as Tootsie's and Robert's Western World), one mile to Printer's Alley, under a mile to the Capitol Building (hence our name :), two miles to Nissan  Stadium (Go Titans!), one and half miles to Bridgestona Arena (Go Predators!), two miles to Music City Center, a mile to Nashville Yards, and so much more!

Registration Details
2017019039

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Davina
Host User ID: 44039875
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/44039875
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I came to Nashville long ago by way of Kansas City (KCMO) but originally from Alabama. I also had a two year stint in New York. I love Nashville city life and enjoy the convenience of being close to so many event venues and restaurants but still walking distance to a beautiful state park and greenway.  I like to furnish places and host.  Determined writer and aspiring morning person. I speak English and Pig Latin. I took Spanish for 7 years. Owner/Agent
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Auburn University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
580 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting