URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1056523675877586431
Latitude: 36.1358
Longitude: -86.7862
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 14
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
STRP# 2021#074610 and 2021#074642
Ideal for groups, our two townhomes are just across the street from each other, offering plenty of space and an unbeatable location! You're just steps from 12th South, The Gulch, and Edgehill Village, with easy Uber/Lyft access to Downtown. Need extra room? We have more townhomes nearby! Plus, elevate your stay with a private acoustic performance by a local Nashville artist for an additional fee.

The space
Welcome to Our Combo Listing – Two Amazing Townhomes for Your Group Getaway!

Perfect for large groups or multi-family trips, this listing includes two side-by-side 4-bedroom townhomes—Unit #1016 and Unit #1029—giving you tons of space, privacy, and flexibility while keeping everyone together. Each home has its own full kitchen, living area, rooftop space, and private garage.

UNITS ARE ACROSS THE ROAD FROM EACH OTHER, THERE IS A CROSSWALK VERY CLOSE

🏡 Unit #1016 – 4 Bedroom Townhome
🛏 Layout Overview:

1st Level:

2-car garage (please note: no garage door openers provided—must be opened from inside)

Bedroom 1: King bed, TV, en-suite bathroom with walk-in shower + walk-in closet

2nd Level:

Half bath

Bedroom 2: Full-size bunk beds, small patio with seating for two (no TV)

Living room: Queen-size sleeper sofa + twin cot (no air mattress)

Full kitchen with island seating for 4 + dining table for 6

Coffee setup: Drip coffee maker & Keurig pod machine

3rd Level:

Bedroom 3: Two Queen beds, TV, two twin cots, en-suite bathroom with walk-in shower, soaking tub, and walk-in closet

Bedroom 4: King bed, TV, en-suite bathroom with walk-in shower and walk-in closet

Washer and dryer located on this level

4th Level:

Rooftop deck—perfect for relaxing or hanging out with the group

🏡 Unit #1029 – 4 Bedroom Townhome
🛏 Layout Overview:

1st Level:

2-car garage (same note as above—opened from inside)

Bedroom 1: Queen bed, TV, en-suite bathroom with walk-in shower and walk-in closet

2nd Level:

Full kitchen with island seating for 5 + dining table for 6

Living area with Queen-size sleeper sofa

Coffee setup: Drip coffee maker & Keurig pod machine

Bedroom 2: King bed, en-suite bathroom with walk-in shower and walk-in closet (no TV)

3rd Level:

Bedroom 3: Two twin beds, each with a twin trundle (4 total single beds), TV, walk-in closet, and access to a patio with seating for 5

Bedroom 4: King bed (shares a Jack-and-Jill bathroom with Bedroom 3)

Jack-and-Jill bathroom includes a tub/shower combo

Washer and dryer located on this level

These two stylish and spacious homes offer the perfect setup for larger groups looking to enjoy Nashville together while still having room to spread out. Let us know if you have any questions or need help planning your stay—we’re happy to help!

Guest access
We have a keyless locking system. You will gain access to the home via a house code that we create specifically for you. That code will be sent to you with your check in instructions a few weeks prior to your arrival and you may share that code with your group if you wish. YOU WON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT SHARING OR LOSING A KEY! :)

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting