URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/20565816
Latitude: 36.24335
Longitude: -87.00486
rental_type: Camper/RV
property_type: RV
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Ashland City, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
25 minutes from downtown Nashville, our completely restored 1949 Spartan Mansion is set up above the gardens in a very private, wooded section of No.9 Farms in Ashland City.  Situated on over 40 acres, the trailer sits under a pavilion with an amazing outdoor bath house, kitchen, outdoor covered deck and a fire pit. 

12 and older.  2 people. You can stay Sunday if you book Saturday :).  Just reach out and I will open Sunday.

The space
Designed by the farm’s owner and local musician, Brian Oaks, this Spartan “Blueberry” trailer is the ultimate vintage camper for travelers looking for a little luxury and a whole lot of whimsy in the heart of middle Tennessee. Adorned with cozy sleeping quarters including a comfy double mattress, dreamy bedding and intimate lighting. This secluded getaway is ideal for couples looking for a little R&R away from the hustle and bustle of everyday life. 

The Dwelling is just 25 minutes from downtown Nashville, but we recommend unplugging (There IS WIFI but  no TV, and not very good cell service) and enjoying all the of the luxurious, personalized amenities the farm has to offer!  Sip on a cocktail around the fire, snuggle up on the couch with a good book or draw a bath in the seductively private outdoor deep tub. The water heater for the outdoor bath and shower is tankless, so you’ll never run out of hot water!

Inside the trailer, the galley style kitchen is fully loaded with a coffee maker, cocktail set, dishes, popcorn maker, hot water pot, and all kitchen tools you’ll need during your stay. On the main deck, guests will find a modernized outdoor kitchen that has sizable prep space, a gas grill, a refrigerator with filtered water, a stainless steel sink and a dining table. You can also buy items off our web site. 

Just order the NIGHT PRIOR and we’ll swing it by! Actually our web site has a bunch of fun things to buy to use or take home.

Guest access
We encourage our guests to our explore woods around the farm, adventure to the creek, pick up produce from the farm upon request, and to indulge in an immense sense of calm and relaxation :)

Other things to note
Please note the following:

IF YOU WANT SOMETHING FROM THE FARM WEBSITE WE NEED AT LEAST ONE DAY AHEAD OF TIME.

BATH HOUSE

IF, we are headed for a freeze but it warms up during the day time we will need to bleed the lines in the bath house and outdoor sink.  it takes about 7 minutes.  We do it no later than 9PM and then will turn it back on when it warms.

There is WIFI but not very good cell phone service. 

Guests will need a car to access the property! There is not Uber available out here yet, but you can take Uber from Nashville out here easily.

PHOTOSHOOTS

If you are looking to use the trailer, please find us on AVVAY and book there.

FIRE PIT & FIRE WOOD

BRING YOUR OWN DRY WOOD.  Because we are located in the Tennessee woods and things can catch on fire easily, we ask that guests keep fires reasonable and wet down the fire (with the nearby hose) when you are done. 

FOOD

The trailer will come with the basics such as salt, pepper, & coconut oil. Guests are responsible for bringing their own groceries & snacks.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brian
Host User ID: 91147114
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/91147114
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
No. 9 Farms is just 15 minutes outside of amazing Nashville.  We are a organic farm that serves the absolute best restaurants in town (seriously the good ones). Me (Brian) is also a musician (guitar player) and producer here in town.  Our trailer was a labor love.  You will see that. I love the idea that what we created gives people a sense of rest and connection.
My work: Trainwreck Music/No. 9 Farms
Most useless skill: Dad jokes but not on the spot….
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
329 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting