URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1422552462526139219
Latitude: 36.1536
Longitude: -86.7551
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Take in sweeping skyline views from this top-floor designer flat in Nashville. With sleek finishes, smart design, and a private balcony, this modern retreat is your home base for exploring everything from local hotspots to downtown's iconic music scene—just minutes away.

The space
This modern, open-concept flat was designed with comfort and character in mind. The matte black kitchen offers stainless steel appliances, a wood-top island, and bar seating for four—perfect for meals or remote work. The spacious living area includes a queen-size pull-out sofa, leather lounge chairs, and a private balcony with city views.

Sleeping arrangements:
 - Primary bedroom with a plush king bed and dramatic, floor-to-ceiling graphic wallpaper
 - Custom-built bunk nook with two Twin Size beds, privacy curtains, and brass accents
 - Queen sleeper sofa in the living area

The spa-inspired bathroom features dual vanities, matte black fixtures, and a deep soaking tub. 

You’ll also enjoy fast Wi-Fi, a washer/dryer, blackout curtains, and sleek, layered lighting throughout the space.

Building Amenities:
 - 24/7 Gym Access – Stay on track with your workouts.
 - Rooftop Lounge & Entertainment Area – Relax and take in stunning city views from this inviting space. Enjoy comfortable lounge seating, two gas fire tables, and a foosball table—perfect for unwinding and socializing.

Additional Details:
 - Self-check-in with Latch Smartphone App
 - Elevator Access so you can get to your floor with ease.
 - Central AC & heating
 - Fast WiFi speeds – great for remote work or streaming.
 - Extra towels, pillows, and blankets available for added comfort.
 - Free parking behind the building with easy access to Ubers & Lyfts.

The Neighborhood:
Situated in a dynamic area just minutes from downtown, this home base gives you access to some of Nashville’s best.
 - Soho House
 - Ascend Amphitheater
 - Country Music Hall of Fame
 - Broadway & the Honky Tonks
 - Nissan Stadium
Enjoy the perfect mix of elevated comfort and city energy from the top floor.

Whether you’re here for a weekend getaway, a special event, or just to experience Nashville in style, this penthouse escape is your perfect home away from home. 

Book your stay today!

Other things to note
Please review the following information before booking:

By booking this property, you agree to all policies listed below:

GUEST REQUIREMENTS AND VERIFICATION
The primary guest must be at least 23 years old and must stay at the property throughout the reservation unless written approval is provided in advance. The primary guest is responsible for the reservation and the conduct of all registered guests and visitors.
For the safety and protection of our guests and properties, reservations may require identity verification and screening through a secure third-party service. This may include a signed rental agreement, valid government-issued photo identification, a live selfie, and reservation screening. The name on the identification must match the name on the reservation.
When required, verification instructions will be emailed after booking and must be completed before check-in instructions are released. Please check your spam or junk folder if you do not receive the email.
SECURITY DEPOSIT
For reservations where a security deposit is applicable and disclosed, a $350 refundable security deposit is required before check-in.
The deposit may be applied toward documented costs resulting from property damage, missing items, excessive cleaning, smoking, unauthorized pets or occupants, lockouts, lost access items, or other house-rule violations. Any remaining balance will be released after check-out in accordance with the reservation terms.
HOUSE-RULE VIOLATIONS, DAMAGES, AND CHARGES
Guests are responsible for following all house rules, property policies, and community requirements disclosed in the listing or provided before check-in.
House-rule violations may result in charges starting at $350 when the violation causes or requires additional cleaning, remediation, property damage, replacement of missing items, lockout or security services, unauthorized occupancy or pet-related costs, or another documented loss or expense.
The amount requested will be based on the circumstances and supported by applicable evidence, such as photographs, videos, inspection reports, guest communications, device records, estimates, receipts, or invoices. Charges may exceed $350 when the documented cost of addressing the violation is greater.
Serious or repeated violations, fraudulent activity, or conduct that threatens people, property, or the peaceful enjoyment of others may result in termination of the stay and removal from the property. Refund eligibility will be determined according to the reservation terms and applicable policies.
HOUSE RULES
• Smoking, parties, events, disruptive behavior, and excessive noise are prohibited.
• Quiet hours and all property or community rules must be followed.
• Only registered guests are permitted, and maximum occupancy may not be exceeded.
• Pets are not allowed unless expressly permitted by the listing or approved in writing.
• Furniture, décor, appliances, and electronics may not be moved or altered.
• Tampering with locks, Wi-Fi equipment, monitoring devices, cameras, or safety equipment is prohibited.
• Mail and package deliveries are not permitted. The host is not responsible for lost, delayed, or returned deliveries.
• Glitter, confetti, paint, glue, and unapproved decorations are prohibited.
• Guests must maintain reasonable cleanliness and promptly report damage or maintenance concerns.
CHECK-IN AND CHECK-OUT
Standard check-in begins at 4:00 PM, and check-out is by 11:00 AM unless otherwise stated in the listing. Early check-in and late check-out requests are subject to availability, must be approved in advance, and may incur an additional fee.
PARKING
If parking is provided, guests must follow all posted signs and property-specific parking instructions. When a parking pass, permit, vehicle registration, or assigned space is required, it must be used as instructed throughout the stay.
Vehicles parked without the required authorization or in reserved, restricted, or unauthorized areas may be ticketed, booted, or towed at the vehicle owner’s expense. The host is not responsible for towing, storage, retrieval, citations, or related fees.
ACCESS ITEMS AND LOCKOUTS
If keys, fobs, remotes, access cards, parking passes, or other access items are provided, guests are responsible for keeping them secure and using them only as instructed. All provided items must be returned to the designated location before check-out.
Lost, damaged, or unreturned access items and lockout assistance may result in additional charges. Guests may not copy, share, alter, or tamper with keys, access codes, locks, or entry devices.
AMENITIES
If amenities are provided, guests must follow all posted rules, operating hours, occupancy limits, and access instructions. Shared or community amenities may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance, weather, management decisions, local regulations, or other circumstances outside the host’s control.
Amenity access and availability are not guaranteed, and refunds will not be issued solely because an amenity is temporarily closed, restricted, or unavailable.
MAINTENANCE AND PROPERTY ACCESS
Routine maintenance, inspections, pest control, or other property services may occur during a stay. Authorized personnel may require access for scheduled service, necessary repairs, inspections, safety concerns, or emergencies. We will provide advance notice whenever reasonably possible.
Guests may not interfere with authorized service or tamper with smoke detectors, carbon monoxide detectors, fire extinguishers, locks, or other safety equipment.
NOISE MONITORING
This property is equipped with a Minut noise-decibel monitor. The device measures sound levels and their duration to help identify excessive noise and protect the surrounding community. It does not record audio or conversations and is not a camera.
Tampering with, disabling, covering, unplugging, or removing the device is prohibited and may result in additional charges or termination of the stay.
NOISE AND SURROUNDINGS
Some properties are located within residential, mixed-use, or shared communities. Occasional noise from neighbors, traffic, construction, community activities, landscaping, or city maintenance may occur and may be outside the host’s control.
WI-FI AND UTILITIES
Wi-Fi and utilities are provided for guest convenience. Temporary interruptions caused by service providers, building management, weather, maintenance, or other circumstances outside the host’s control may occur. Please notify us promptly if you experience an issue so we can assist.
POLICY ENFORCEMENT
The host reserves the right to terminate a stay and require immediate departure if there is evidence of serious or repeated house-rule violations, fraudulent activity, or behavior that threatens the safety of others, the property, or the quiet enjoyment of guests, residents, or neighbors. When permitted under the reservation terms and applicable policies, termination may occur without a refund.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Vector Nashville
Host User ID: 501554574
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/501554574
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
964 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting