URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1360478645147288690
Latitude: 36.1931
Longitude: -86.7793
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The best listing in Nashville! Unrivaled views, and perfect for large groups! Spacious modern retreat in East Nashville with rooftop deck, hot tub, and game room. Perfect for large groups, this stylish home offers 12+ beds, premium finishes, and skyline views. Minutes from Broadway, Nissan Stadium, and Nashville’s best dining, it’s ideal for family gatherings, celebrations, or group getaways.

The space
Stylish 4Bedroom  Nashville Home with Rooftop Hot Tub, Game Room & Prime Location and flex room.

Welcome to your ultimate Nashville retreat! This stunning 4 bedroom, 5-bathroom home offers an unforgettable experience with all the space and amenities you need to enjoy Music City in style. With 11 comfortable beds, this property is perfect for large groups or family getaways.

Key Features:
	•	4 Spacious Bedrooms & 5 Full Bathrooms: Plenty of room for everyone to relax and unwind plus flex room.
	•	Private Rooftop Oasis: Enjoy spectacular city views while soaking in the hot tub or grilling a delicious meal on the rooftop. Whether you’re sipping cocktails or stargazing, the rooftop is your perfect spot to relax after a busy day of exploring Nashville.
	•	Entertainment Galore: The game room is stocked with everything you need for hours of fun, from games to hang out with friends and family, ensuring everyone has a blast, no matter the weather.
	•	Fully Equipped Kitchen: A spacious kitchen with modern appliances and all the essentials makes it easy to cook and entertain.
	•	Prime Location: Situated just minutes from the heart of Nashville, you’ll have quick access to the best local attractions, nightlife, restaurants, and iconic music venues.

Whether you’re coming for a weekend of live music, a celebration, or simply to enjoy the city with loved ones, this home offers the perfect combination of comfort, convenience, and luxury.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

Book your stay today and experience the best Nashville has to offer!

Guest access
Guests enjoy exclusive access to the entire home, including:
- Rooftop deck and hot tub
- Game room and entertainment spaces
- Private parking in front of home and rear of home
- Smart lock self‑check‑in for seamless arrival

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting