URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1734883079987288814
Latitude: 36.14923546353481
Longitude: -86.82220918747568
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Make your Nashville stay unforgettable in this bold, colorful 2BR/2BA retreat designed for groups of up to 8. Enjoy a king bedroom, two twin-over-full bunk beds, a dedicated glam room, two walk-in showers, a full kitchen, in-unit laundry, garage parking, and shared rooftop pool access. Located on Charlotte Avenue with convenient access to Downtown, Broadway, Midtown, The Gulch, dining, music, and top Nashville attractions.

The space
✨ Welcome to your colorful Nashville getaway at Haven at Charlotte!

Located on the 8th floor, this stylish two-bedroom, two-bathroom apartment combines bold décor, group-friendly sleeping arrangements, and convenient amenities for an unforgettable Music City stay.

The home comfortably accommodates up to 8 guests.

🛏️ Sleeping arrangements

Primary bedroom

King-size bed for 2 guests
55-inch TV
Blackout curtains and blinds
Ceiling fan
Convenient access to a full bathroom

Bunk bedroom

Two twin-over-full bunk beds
Two full-size lower beds
Two twin-size upper beds
Sleeps up to 6 guests
Clothing storage and access to the apartment’s Wi-Fi router
🚿 Bathrooms

The apartment includes two spacious full bathrooms, each featuring:

Glass-enclosed walk-in shower
Vanity and mirror
Toilet
Modern fixtures

Please note that neither bathroom includes a bathtub.

💄 Dedicated glam room

Get ready for concerts, celebrations, nights out, or group photos in the dedicated makeup and dressing area. The space includes multiple lighted mirrors and seating for approximately three to four guests at a time.

🛋️ Living area

Relax together in the vibrant open-concept living room featuring:

Comfortable sectional seating
Oversized lounge chair
65-inch TV
Ceiling fan
Large windows
Bright, playful décor perfect for group getaways
🍳 Kitchen and dining

The full kitchen includes:

Refrigerator and freezer
Electric stove and oven
Microwave
Dishwasher
Coffee maker
Kitchen island with seating for four
Glassware, including wine glasses
Cabinet and counter space

🧺 Additional conveniences
In-unit washer and dryer
Central building access by key fob
Blackout curtains
Shared rooftop pool and lounge chairs

Whether you are visiting for live music, a weekend getaway, a celebration, or time with friends and family, this colorful Nashville retreat gives your group a comfortable place to relax between adventures.

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the entire apartment and shared access to the building’s rooftop pool and lounge area.

One parking space is available inside the garage. A key fob is required to enter the building and operate the elevator.

Only one key fob is available per reservation, and additional fobs cannot be provided. Please keep it secure and return it according to the checkout instructions.

The apartment is located on the 8th floor and is accessible by elevator. Detailed arrival, lockbox, parking, and access instructions will be shared before check-in.

Other things to note
Maximum occupancy is strictly 8 guests
No pets are permitted
Only one building key fob is available per reservation
Additional or replacement fobs cannot be provided during the stay
One assigned garage parking space is included
The rooftop pool and lounge are shared building amenities
Pool availability may be affected by building rules, operating hours, maintenance, weather, or seasonal closures
No crib or Pack ’n Play is provided
Coffee maker is provided
Guests must follow all building, parking, noise, and community rules
Access information and secure entry instructions will be sent before arrival

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Leah
Host User ID: 180985588
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/180985588
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! I am so excited to host you and am passionate about creating a 5-star experience during your stay. I've been in Nashville about 4 years and fell in love with the city. I'd love to give you recommendations on places to eat or things to do, just let me know!
Born in the 90s
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
961 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting