URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/912395083257486449
Latitude: 36.10232
Longitude: -86.74739
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 9
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Located in a quiet  neighborhood, it is comfortably & tastefully decorated with 3 beautiful bedrooms & 2 bathrooms. You will be extremely comfortable with lots of privacy, an open floor plan, a huge supplied kitchen, lounge space, an air hockey table & yard! 4.7 miles from the airport/BNA, it's close to the best of Music City USA: minutes/ 4.1  miles to the Honky Tonks on Broadway in Downtown Nashville, the Predators, Titans, Nashville Soccer, &  Ryman Auditorium & all the music venues!

The space
Welcome to your charming and inviting Honky Tonk Haven!! Take advantage of our complimentary early check-in! As soon as you arrive, the front porch with comfortable seating will invite you in. It's comfortable and a great, popular gathering space. Once you step inside, you'll be enveloped by a warm and comfortable atmosphere that sets the tone for a truly enjoyable stay.

Your "Haven" boasts a well-designed layout with spacious rooms that provide ample space for relaxation and socializing. Each room is thoughtfully furnished, offering a cozy and inviting ambiance where you can unwind and recharge after a long and rewarding day of exploring all Nashville has to offer. 

Your common areas are tastefully decorated and designed to create a welcoming and homely feel. Whether you're gathering in the living room for a movie night, playing a game of Nashvilleopoly, or enjoying a meal in the dining area, you'll find the space to be comfortable and inviting. 

Your kitchen is huge and oversized with everything you need to cook a fantastic meal. Choose your serving ware from a full set of dishes. Get inspired to create some new dishes from your carefully curated selection of cookbooks. Or, order in and sample from one of the many amazing local restaurants using the great variety of food delivery systems Nashville has to offer.  

Enjoy the over-sized space your common areas provide. Play an exciting game of air hockey, or stretch out and do some yoga with your provided yoga mats.  Feel like a quieter pursuit? How about selecting a book from your library, that includes a fantastic array of mysteries from popular and best-selling authors? Or, choose a business, history, or art book! 

Your bedrooms are a wonderful place of respite with comfy pillows, luxurious sheets, and soft blankets. Each bedroom has a generous walk-in closet with loads of hangers and shelving. There is an iron and ironing board in the primary bedroom closet in case you want to freshen up your outfit for tonight's night on the town. The bathrooms are modern with lots of fluffy towels. You'll also find in each of the bathrooms: a hair dryer, and shampoo, conditioner, and body wash, in case you want to pack lightly. There are face wipes for the ladies for removing make-up!

That's not all!  Dine al fresco on the table and chairs on the back porch, or simply sit in extra seating and take in the night air! You have a great coffee maker, delicious coffee to choose from, and lots of coffee mugs... why not enjoy your morning coffee on the back porch? 

HonkyTonk Haven is for you to relax and enjoy. If you find that you need to do some laundry, help yourself to the laundry room and detergent. You'll also find general cleaning supplies if needed. 

We've taken care to ensure that your "Haven" provides everything you need for a memorable stay in Nashville. From comfortable furnishings to essential amenities, we strive to make your time with us as comfortable and convenient as possible.

We look forward to hosting you and providing a memorable experience in a warm and comfortable space! We hope to see you at Honky Tonk Haven soon! We have really enjoyed hosting all of our guests! Come back for another visit! You are more than welcome anytime at Honky Tonk Haven!

Guest access
During your stay, you will have access to your ''haven." This includes all the listed amenities, rooms, and common areas. Feel free to make yourself feel at home and enjoy all that your “haven” has to offer. We want you to have a comfortable and enjoyable stay, so please feel free to take full advantage of the amenities and make the most of your time in Nashville!

Other things to note
Thank you for considering "Honky Tonk Haven" for your stay!  We have a few additional details to note to ensure a smooth and enjoyable experience:

Check-in time is at 2 PM or anytime after. We understand that travel plans can vary, so rest assured that you can arrive at your convenience at ''Honky Tonk Haven."

Check-out time is at 11 AM. To maintain our high standards of cleanliness and prepare the property for the next guests, we are able to extend the check-out time with a 24-hour notice in advance.

We appreciate your understanding and cooperation in respecting these check-in and check-out times. Should you have any specific requests or questions, please don't hesitate to reach out. We are here to make your stay in Nashville a memorable one!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kimberly
Host User ID: 267458423
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/267458423
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a dedicated residential realtor in Nashville and I've lived for most of my life. My extensive travels in Europe, Asia, and living experiences in Toronto, Montreal, London, and Los Angeles have given me a broad perspective on some of the world’s great cities. Yet, I firmly believe Nashville is among the best. I love living here and am passionate about helping others discover the charm of Music City and the beautiful homes I represent.
Where I went to school: Cornell University
My work: I am a realtor.
3 years hosting
43 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting