URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1287143885131355297
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience luxury in the heart of Downtown Nashville. This stylish suite features a king bed, two queen beds, a full kitchen, vanity room, karaoke machine, and premium amenities. Relax by the heated pool, work from the sky lounge, or explore Broadway just minutes away. Perfect for girls' trips, couples' getaways, business travel, and weekend escapes. Enjoy comfort, convenience, and an unbeatable SoBro location near Nashville's top attractions.

The space
Luxury Downtown Nashville Retreat

Welcome to your upscale Nashville getaway in the heart of SoBro, one of Music City's most sought-after neighborhoods. Just a short walk from Broadway, live music venues, restaurants, and entertainment, this stylish suite offers the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and fun.

Sleeping Arrangements

🛏️ 1 King Bed

🛏️ 2 Queen Beds

👥 Comfortable accommodations for groups, couples, and family trips

What You'll Love

🪩 Dedicated vanity room for getting ready

🍳 Fully equipped kitchen with premium appliances

☕ Keurig coffee maker with coffee and tea supplies

📶 Reliable high-speed WiFi

📺 Smart TV with streaming apps

🎤 Karaoke machine for unforgettable nights

♟️ Chessboard for game nights

🧺 In-unit washer and dryer

🛁 Bathtub and shower combination

🪞 Full-length mirrors

🎵 Sound machines for restful sleep

🍸 Cocktail kit for crafting drinks

🧳 Luggage racks for easy organization

❄️ Central heating and air conditioning

Luxury Building Amenities

🏊 Heated outdoor pool

🌆 Sky lounge with panoramic Downtown Nashville views

💪 24-hour fitness center

🧘 Yoga studio

🧗 Indoor rock climbing wall

🔥 Courtyard with fire pits and grills

💼 Two-story coworking and event space

🛎️ On-site concierge

🧳 Baggage bellhop service

🔧 24/7 maintenance and security

Nearby Attractions

🎶 Broadway Entertainment District

🏟️ Bridgestone Arena

🎤 Ryman Auditorium

🏆 Country Music Hall of Fame

🍽️ Downtown Nashville dining and nightlife

🎸 Music Row

🍹 The Gulch

✈️ Nashville International Airport

Guest access
Guests will enjoy full private access to the suite and shared access to the building's luxury amenities.

🔑 Access is provided through the building's secure access system. Detailed check-in instructions will be provided prior to arrival.

🏊 Heated outdoor pool

🌆 Sky lounge

💪 Fitness center

🔥 Courtyard and grills

💼 Coworking spaces

🛎️ Concierge services

🚗 Paid parking is available in the parking garage.

Pool Hours: 10:00 AM – 8:00 PM

Courtyard Hours: 10:00 AM – 10:00 PM

Early check-in and late check-out may be available for an additional fee based on availability.

Other things to note
🎶 This property is located in the heart of Downtown Nashville, close to Broadway, live music venues, events, and nightlife. Some city noise may be experienced.

🏢 Building amenities are managed by the property's management team and occasional closures or maintenance may occur. Refunds are not provided for temporary amenity interruptions.

🏊 Shared amenities are available exclusively to registered guests and may have occupancy restrictions.

🚗 Paid parking is available on-site.

📩 Please reach out anytime with questions before or during your stay.

Registration Details
STR Permit #2018068420

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Carrie
Host User ID: 52361302
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/52361302
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey! I’m Carrie from LA. Hbu?

I’m all about exploring new cultures, discovering hidden gems, and making life an adventure. As a freelancer, I balance work and travel to keep things exciting. My pet/house-sitting hobby taught me the little things that make a place feel special, which inspired me to host on Airbnb.

I’ve filled my space with thoughtful touches to bring you comfort and joy. Excited to show you what makes this stay amazing!

Recognized as Burnham Nashville’s 2025 Host of the Year
My work: Marketing
Most useless skill: buying nothing at Target
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
292 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting