URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1954040
Latitude: 36.20338
Longitude: -86.7296
rental_type: Private room in bungalow
property_type: BUNGALOW
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: None
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: missing: bedrooms
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
My bungalow is chocked full of beautiful collectibles and Southern Folk Art to enjoy during your stay in Nashville. I am NOT a minimalist. Our home is a museum of our life of collecting visual objects as we have grown. The bedroom has a bird's eye maple chest for your clothes and a double  "Art" bed by Paul Sasso ( Kentucky artist). Fresh towels and linens daily.
Need something to enhance your stay- doesn’t hurt to ask.

The space
Timeless, beautiful collections of vintage pillows and paint by numbers art. Cozy and comfortable space to relax after a busy day or night on the town. Bathroom has large black tile shower as well as a deep luxurious turn of the century tub. We are on the first floor also but try to give our guests this bathroom primarily. We have another bath on the second floor.  My home is a 5 minute walk to Riverside Village, home of a diverse group of restaurants and shops. Need a drugstore- shop Riverside Pharmacy.

Guest access
My home is in the heart of the "Eastside".  I'll have fresh brewed coffee in the morning. But if you want to venture out... Riverside Village is 5 minutes away. For lunch grab a sandwich from Mitchell's deli or Dose for coffee& teas. Next to Dose is Bit a Bite- Thai and sushi with a fun bar and Sabell’s is a colorful house with a full bar and Mediterranean fare. New space for breakfast or lunch is Ladybird Taco and Curry Boys BBQ or a sandwich and beer at Village Pub. To round out the corner is Sho Pizza… I’m a big fan of the beet salad. All these are about a 8 minute walk away. 
5 points area is a short car ride away. The area is full of trendy restaurants and bars. After dinner travel down Gallatin and See Dino's- a dive bar or venture over to Dickerson Pike for Kanoke @ Fran's On Fridays. 
Hop in your car and travel the other direction to Opryland- Stop to hear some great country music @ Nashville Palace- run by owners of Robert's Western World, which is my go to for great music etc on Broadway. 
I am a registered STRP with the city and have enjoyed housing guests in my home for 11 years.

During your stay
I can be here for you to help guide you through what I consider the true"Nash Vegas" experience or leave you to explore for yourselves. Please let me know ahead of time if you have a particular part of town, or art scene or music you are interested in checking out while you visit.

Other things to note
My husband, Mark, and I have lived in our home on McGavock for 40 years…Watching the neighborhood blossom into the wonderful gem it is today. I am a wealth of information about the area. 
I also was instrumental in establishing the first fine dining restaurant, Sasso, in East Nashville 26 years ago helping to spur the surge of development here. I am a semi- retired chef...working when I want.
We have traveled to Southeast Asia, Cuba, Columbia SA, Belize and all over the back roads of the US.
What I love most about airbnb is connecting with people from where ever who have a zest for life, a kind heart and wonderlust.
New Note: Our wonderfully intuitive master of the dog world, Ralph, has left his body after 14 yrs of helping me as a side host. He will be forever missed- he never knew a stranger once you walked through that door… loved to check out luggage and bags.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Anita
Host User ID: 8196681
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/8196681
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Semi retiredChef….collector of 50's and 60's tchotchkes...lover of Folk art...last places traveled were Cuba, Puerto Rico and Vietnam. Spent 2 summers chefing at a gorgeous fly fishing lodge in Pedro Bay Alaska named Angry Eagle Lodge! Looking forward to more travel with my guy.
I'm obsessed with: Being a great host on my airbnb
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
I’m happy to spend time with my guests or give them space
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
623 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting