URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1704527523020729192
Latitude: 36.1962
Longitude: -86.7355
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 8
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The ★Northview Nook★ is a fun East Nashville retreat for up to 10 guests with 3 bedrooms and 2 baths. Enjoy an open living, dining, and kitchen layout designed for gathering, plus flexible sleeping for families and groups. Relax on the screened-in porch or enjoy the fenced backyard with firepit, grill, and seating that sets the scene for Nashville nights. Dog-friendly and just minutes from downtown, Broadway, and local favorites, this is the perfect place to unwind after exploring the city.

The space
What We Love About ★The Northview Nook★...
- Spacious layout perfect for groups and families with room for everyone to spread out
- Fully fenced backyard with firepit, seating, and a charcoal grill made for Nashville nights
- Dog-friendly setup with a screened-in porch and convenient dog door access
- Bright open-concept living, dining, and kitchen area designed for gathering
- Prime East Nashville location close to restaurants, bars, and downtown attractions

Step inside and you’re welcomed into a bright, open floor plan where the kitchen, dining, and living spaces flow together effortlessly—perfect for entertaining or relaxing after a day exploring Music City. The fully equipped kitchen has everything needed for home-cooked meals or late-night snacks, while the adjacent dining and living areas create a comfortable hangout zone for your whole crew. A queen sleeper sofa in the living room adds extra flexibility for sleeping arrangements.

On the main level, bedroom one includes two bunk sets with four twin beds, making it great for kids or larger groups. Bedroom two features a private queen bed. Both first-floor bedrooms have easy access to the main-floor bathroom, which includes a walk-in shower and double vanity. You’ll also find a washer and dryer on this level for added convenience during longer stays.

Head upstairs to bedroom three, where guests will find a versatile layout with a queen bed and a twin bed, perfect for mixed groups or families. The second full bathroom upstairs includes a shower/tub combo and single vanity, making morning routines easy and efficient.

Out back, the home truly shines with a large, fenced yard designed for relaxation and fun. Gather around the firepit under the stars, grill up a classic Southern cookout on the charcoal BBQ, or unwind on the seating area after a day in the city. The screened-in porch adds an extra layer of comfort and is perfect for morning coffee or letting your pup enjoy the fresh air safely. A convenient dog door provides easy access, making it even more comfortable for four-legged guests.

Located in vibrant East Nashville, The Northview Nook puts you close to some of the city’s best-loved spots. Enjoy nearby favorites like local burger joints, hot chicken staples, laid-back bars, coffee shops, and live music venues—all just a short drive away. Downtown Nashville and Broadway’s iconic honky-tonks are also within easy reach, making it simple to experience the best of Music City before returning to your peaceful retreat.

After a day exploring Nashville’s energy, come home to comfort, space, and a backyard built for memories. Whether you’re here for a weekend getaway, family trip, or group adventure, The Northview Nook delivers the perfect blend of fun, function, and Southern charm.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property.

Other things to note
★This is a pet-friendly home. ★ Three dog limit with a weight limit of up to 50lbs each. A $75 non-refundable pet fee will be charged per dog. No other pets are permitted. Guest must pick up pet waste and dispose of it accordingly; otherwise a $200 disposal fee will be assessed. All pets must be on a leash when outside the home. Guests are fully responsible for the behavior of any dog(s) they bring to the property. All dogs must be non-aggressive and under control at all times. Any aggression toward neighbors, other guests, animals, or staff—including biting, lunging, or attacks—is strictly prohibited. Guests assume full liability for any injury or damage caused by their dog(s). The Owner/Host is not responsible for any incidents, claims, or expenses resulting from a guest’s dog. If extensive cleaning is required—either inside or outside the property—or if any damage or destruction occurs, additional charges will apply. These charges will be assessed and determined by the host based on the time required and the cost of repairs.

★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home. Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home. We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay. In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee. Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver. It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay. The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior. Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!). Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage. The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines.

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Fun fact: Been in multiple earthquakes together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23140 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting