URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1694225169494406831
Latitude: 36.153915083895086
Longitude: -86.7747616218756
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Smoky Ol’ Fashion is a bold boutique-style Nashville condo in the heart of downtown. This upscale second-floor corner condo sleeps up to 8 guests and features a private wraparound balcony, two ensuite bathrooms, moody designer interiors, disco-inspired accents, and luxe finishes. Walkable to Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, Music City Center, restaurants, bars, and nightlife—perfect for concerts, bachelorette weekends, business travel, CMA Fest, and unforgettable Music City getaways.

The space
→ Walkable to Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Ascend Amphitheater, Bridgestone Arena, Music City Center, restaurants, bars & nightlife

→ Sleeps Up to 8 Guests

→ King Suite with Private Ensuite Bathroom & Walk-In Closet

→ Two Full Beds with Private Ensuite Bathroom & Walk-In Closet

→ Queen Sleeper Sofa with Memory Foam Mattress

→ Private Wraparound Balcony with Lounge Seating

→ Resort-Style Pool Access

→ Boutique Hotel-Inspired Design with Moody Interiors, Disco-Inspired Accents & Luxe Finishes

→ Fully Stocked Kitchen, Coffee & Tea Bar

→ Kitchen Island with Seating for 4

→ Dining Table for 4

→ Smart TVs in Both Bedrooms & Living Room

→ High-Speed WiFi for Streaming, Remote Work & Business Travel

→ In-Unit Washer & Dryer

→ Iron, Ironing Board & Extra Hangers

→ Pack 'n Play for Traveling Families

→ Games Including Yahtzee, Jenga, Skyjo & Playing Cards

Book your stay at Smoky Ol' Fashion and enjoy a boutique-style downtown Nashville experience just 1.5 blocks from Broadway.

Permit #: T2018074936

Guest access
As our guest, you'll have access to premium resort-style amenities designed for both relaxation and convenience:

★ Resort-Style Outdoor Pool

★ Modern Fitness Center featuring a Climbing Wall & Dedicated Yoga Studio

★ Rooftop Sky Lounge with Outdoor Seating and Downtown Nashville Views

★ Collective Lounge with Comfortable Seating, Workspaces, and High-Speed WiFi—perfect for remote work or planning your Nashville adventures

★ Landscaped Courtyard with Fire Pits and BBQ Grills

★ On-Site Concierge, Security, and Maintenance Team

★ Convenient Luggage Storage Available Through the Concierge (subject to availability) if you arrive before check-in

★ Secure, Gated, On-Site Parking Available for $35/day (advance reservation required)

★ Additional Guest Parking Available First-Come, First-Served

★ Secure Keyless Access to the Building, Elevators, Amenities, and Condo via the DOOR App. Access instructions will be provided prior to arrival.

Please note that building amenities are managed by the property and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance, repairs, weather, private events, or circumstances beyond our control.

Other things to note
★ Welcome to the heart of downtown Nashville! Smoky Ol’ Fashion is located just 1.5 blocks from Broadway and steps from live music, nightlife, restaurants, sporting events, and the energy that makes Music City famous. As part of a vibrant downtown community, guests may occasionally experience city noise, traffic, emergency vehicles, nearby events, or construction activity that are outside of our control. If you're looking for a quiet rural retreat, downtown Nashville may not be the best fit—but if you're looking to be in the center of the action, you'll love our location.

★ Due to our downtown location, concerts, festivals, sporting events, holidays, and special events may increase noise levels, traffic, parking demand, rideshare wait times, and elevator usage.

★ While we strive to provide access to all advertised building amenities, occasional maintenance, repairs, weather-related closures, private events, or service interruptions may impact availability. Building amenities, including the pool, fitness center, elevators, lounges, courtyard, and other shared spaces, are managed by the property and are outside of our control. Temporary amenity interruptions do not qualify for refunds, discounts, or reservation cancellations.

★ Amenity hours, access policies, and building rules are established by property management and may change without notice.

★ Exterior common areas, building entrances, and shared spaces are monitored by building security cameras for the safety and security of residents and guests.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brian
Host User ID: 540963968
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/540963968
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 70s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
3 years hosting
11 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting