URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1577157180399404550
Latitude: 36.147
Longitude: -86.8166
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Six String Top-Floor Reserve. Your Comfortable Nashville Home Base for Work, Vanderbilt & Everything In Between. Perched above the city, this exclusive top-floor residence blends refined Southern luxury with subtle musical heritage, offering skyline views, elevated design, and complete discretion.

☆ POOL & Fitness center
☆ Workspace for remote workers
☆ Walkable to restaurants & coffee shops
☆ 2 miles from HONKY TONK ROW! 
☆ FREE WiFi & Smart TV 
☆ On site parking
☆ Luxe kitchen

The space
Welcome to The Six String at The Odyssey, a top-floor retreat in the heart of Nashville.  Perfectly positioned for remote workers, Vanderbilt/Belmont visitors, business travelers, and anyone looking for a comfortable home base for an extended stay.

Whether you're in Nashville for work, a Vanderbilt event, a conference, a football weekend, or simply looking to experience Music City like a local, this two-bedroom home gives you the space, amenities, and location to settle in and stay awhile.

The kitchen & living area welcomes you when you enter the home with floor to ceiling windows, smart TV, and everything you need to cook your meals. If you are looking for a specific appliance or kitchen tool, ask our team to check if we have it! 

When it’s time to recharge, you’ll find two inviting bedrooms designed with comfort in mind. The primary suite features a plush DreamCloud mattress, luxe linens, and convenient bedside charging. Plus your own en-suite bathroom for a spa-like wind-down after long days.

The guest bedroom also offers a cozy queen DreamCloud mattress and easy access to the second full bathroom just off the kitchen.

When the weather gets cooler, you don't have to sacrifice your fitness routine. The building offers gym access, making it easy to stay active throughout the fall and winter months!

The Odyssey building features a designated workspace available for guests during their stay, giving you an additional option when you want to step away from your living space and focus.

Location-wise, you couldn’t ask for better. You’re just steps from Vanderbilt University, minutes from Centennial Park and the Parthenon, and a quick drive to the energy of Downtown Broadway. Spend your days exploring, your evenings chasing live music, and your nights returning to a space that feels effortlessly comfortable.

Unit Amenities:
 ☆ Top Floor Unit
 ☆ Luxury Furnishings & Décor throughout the unit
 ☆ Premium Bedding in both bedrooms featuring DreamCloud mattresses for ultimate comfort
 ☆ 862 square foot space
 ☆ Vanderbilt view from balcony
 ☆ Smart TV & WiFi
 ☆ Central AC and Heat 
 ☆ Kitchen Island & ample cooking space
 ☆ Floor to ceiling windows & natural light
 ☆ In-unit washer & dryer
 ☆ Iron/Iron Board 
 ☆ Ceiling fans
 ☆ Full sized sofa bed

Bedroom Amenities: 
☆ DreamCloud King Bed - Bedroom 1
☆ DreamCloud Queen Bed - Guest Bedroom (Bedroom 2)
☆ Dresser storage space with outlets & power strip
☆ Additional storage under the bed
☆ Sound Machines in both primary and secondary
☆ Desk space in second bedroom
☆ Desk stool in second bedroom (work or getting ready space!) 
☆ Steamer
☆ Lamps with outlets for charging devices

Building Amenities: 
 ☆ Elevator access
 ☆ Tito's Mexican Restaurant on ground level offering 20% in-person dining! 
 ☆ State of the art fitness center
 ☆ Designated parking spot
 ☆ New construction (built in 2023)

Pool deck Area Amenities: 
 ☆ Gorgeous swimming pool 
 ☆ Lounge chairs
 ☆ Fire pit
 ☆ Grill 

Fitness Center Equipment: 
 ☆ Rogue Woodway CurveTreadmill
 ☆ Rogue Echo Bike
 ☆ Leg Press
 ☆ Dumbbell free weights 
 ☆ Weight bench (x2)
 ☆ Functional Trainer 
 ☆ Lat pull down
 ☆ Mirrors 
 ☆ Mats
 ☆ Garbage cans

Guest access
You'll have full access to the entire unit during your stay, as well as the fitness center & pool!

For the business traveler or the remote worker, there is a designated workspace in the building available to use during your stay! 

Please note, the pool opens at 8 am and closes at 10 pm daily. No life guard on duty.

Other things to note
→  Please also note before booking: our quiet hours are 10 pm to 8 am. Please respect your noise levels. We have neighbors and ask that you be respectful of our home and theirs.

→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate of other guests, we cannot guarantee that early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.

→ After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival, if booking same day, you may call our team as soon as you've booked. Please ensure your number on your Airbnb profile is up to date.

→ Permit: 2025098324

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: UrbanNashville
Host User ID: 6855810
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6855810
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We are UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals. We're a small, locally owned management company. We pride ourselves in providing the best rental experience for you while you visit Music City! 

Our properties are located all over popular areas of Nashville. We have a spot for every traveller.

If you need any recommendations for the best places to check out, let us know! The chances are good that we have been there, and tried that. We look forward to hosting you

- Paige, Jordan & Adisson
My work: Nashville Enthusiast
I spend too much time: Figuring out which coffee spot to try
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
14237 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting