URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/48542824
Latitude: 36.13084
Longitude: -87.0133
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Pegram, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 7
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Secluded home in Pegram TN, just 25 minutes away from the heart of Nashville and less than 20 minutes away from Bellevue! This modern Cape Cod inspired home sits on almost 6 acres of private wooded property providing beautiful sunsets and privacy. Recently remodeled - includes luxury hot tub, minimal and modern decor, wifi, fire-pit, bbq, stainless steel appliances, a fully stocked kitchen, comfortable beds, beautiful custom bathroom tile work, a 65" smart TV and an outdoor patio area.

The space
This home is just a short drive from downtown Nashville giving you the best of both worlds, country and city. It was designed with our guests in mind. We wanted to go for a minimal and modern look with small touches of rustic charm. We furnished most spaces with surfaces that are easily cleaned to ensure it is completely sanitized between each stay. The home is a "tall and skinny" that fits a cozy 6 but can sleep up to 7, and even 9 with the pull out couch.

When you arrive, you have a very large driveway that can easily accommodate at least 5 vehicles. 

Our captivating top of the line Bullfrog M9 hot tub accommodates up to 10 guests, and 7 with a unique individual back massage jet pack each. The outdoor patio area has a picnic table that can seat up to 8, market lights, and a firepit surrounded by 7 modern Adirondack chairs with a 4 burner gas grill. The sunsets out here are gorgeous!! 

Our living room features a comfortable sectional sofa sleeper that can seat 6 guests, perfect for lounging and streaming your favorite shows. The 65" LG 4K TV  has an antenna that gets 33 local channels and 317 LG channels. It's also a smart TV and comes with apps like Netflix, Disney Plus, Hulu, Apple TV and Prime. Simply log in to your account and enjoy! We've also equipped the living room with a Yamaha sound bar and sub woofer that is connected to the TV, and has bluetooth capabilities that can be connected to your phone to play music. The coffee table has room to store smaller items and we've provided some card games for your enjoyment. Please note that some games are not suitable for children. 

The dining area is a smaller area in the house, but still great for social gatherings of 6 or less. We chose a bench style table so benches can be pushed in easily when not in use, creating more room when you're passing through. Our kitchen is newly remodeled, comes with plenty of counter space, an exposed brick backsplash, a stainless steel farmhouse sink and equipped with pretty much everything you need to cook a meal at home. 

All 3 bedrooms host sealy posturpedic mattresses. The master bedroom comes with a queen bed, half bathroom, walk in closet, its own patio with a view of the sunset, complete with 2 rocking chairs. Perfect for morning coffee or happy hours in the evenings. The 2nd guest room comes with a queen bed, closet, night stand and view of the front. The 3rd guest room comes with a twin over full bunk bed, closet and view of front yard and driveway. 

We provide Starlink internet that provides very high speeds!
AT&T customers get 5g reception here. 

Lastly, the home is near a pretty steep slope, so please keep all activity on the outdoor patio area within the cement pad.  We want everyone to be safe!

Guest access
Guests will be able to access all parts of the home except the attic, crawlspace and outdoor shed. 

The master bedroom has a half bath. Upstairs bedrooms have access to a full bath at the end of the hallway. Downstairs has 1 full bath access.

Other things to note
Vacation Itineraries Customized for Your Group

Visit trovehospitality for more information.

They'll help connect you with the unique local businesses that you won't find in the tourist guide books, and save you the time and hassle of planning everything yourself. You can get 10% off a bespoke vacation itinerary just by booking you stay with us! Just mention "Nora Lane Airbnb" when you reach out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kristina
Host User ID: 95440867
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/95440867
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kristina and David act as Airbnb travelers and hosts. They've been married since 2016 and have 3 dogs (the fur-babies). 

Kristina runs her event coordination and design business [Events by Kristina Elyse] and David is a producer, song writer and vocal coach [David James Productions + Fate Under Fire]. You may have heard some of David's music and theme songs on shows like NBC's Sunday Today Show, Cougar Town and the new Drew Barrymore Show on CBS.

When they're away, they host their second home in Pegram, TN which is very close to Nashville. Feel free to reach out to them with any questions!
Born in the 90s
My work: Event Coordination + Musician/Producer/Vocal Coach
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
242 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting