URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1050133504814015930
Latitude: 36.1927
Longitude: -86.7492
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Ultimate East Nash Pet Retreat! 
Bring the whole pack to this newly remodeled, one-level social hub! Featuring a Massive 
Fenced Pet Yard 🌳 and an L-shaped island that seats 9, this is the perfect HQ for your group of 10. Walk to local coffee ☕ and dining, or take a quick 3-mile Uber to Broadway! Free parking for multiple cars 🚗. Service animals welcome. Safe, spacious, and 100% dog-approved! 🤠

*Please note that there is an attached apartment upstairs, rented separately, STRP 2023#088075

The space
Welcome to your East Nashville Social Hub! 🎻

Forget cramped hotel rooms—this newly remodeled one-level home is designed for groups who want to stay together and play together. With no stairs to climb, it’s the perfect layout for easy movement, especially for your furry friends. 

The heart of the home is the massive open-concept kitchen and living area, featuring an oversized L-shaped island where your entire group of 9 can sit together for drinks, meals, and planning the day's adventure.

🐶 Very Pet Friendly:
We don't just "allow" pets; we celebrate them!
The Yard: A spacious, private fenced backyard designed for zoomies and safe outdoor time.

One-Level Living: No steep stairs for older dogs or puppies to navigate.

Porch Sittin': A classic Nashville front porch perfect for morning coffee with your pup by your side.

🏡 Inside the Home:

Social Kitchen: Everything is brand new! The L-shaped island is the ultimate gathering spot. We’ve stocked the kitchen with a Duo Coffee Maker (drip + pods) and all the essentials for a group brunch.

Living Area: Features a massive sectional sofa designed for maximum lounging. It’s the perfect spot to stream movies or recap the night on Broadway.

The Layout: Two King bedrooms and a third room with two Queens provide high-end comfort for everyone. No "bad" rooms here!

💎 Why Groups Love It:

Parking: A massive concrete driveway that fits multiple vehicles—rare for East Nash!

Location: You are in the heart of East Nashville’s creative district, surrounded by the city's best local eats.

Privacy: While there is a separate upstairs unit, your home, entrance, and yard are 100% private.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Coordinating a group of 10? We make it stress-free and safe.
Keyless Entry: No physical keys to share or lose. Everyone gets the code!
Contactless: Arrive whenever you like after 4 PM.

Private Code: A unique passcode is generated for your stay and expires when you leave.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 10):

Bedroom 1: King Bed 👑
Bedroom 2: Two Queen Beds 🛌🛌
Bedroom 3: King Bed + Private En-Suite Bath 👑🚿
Living Room: Large Sectional + Queen Air Mattress available upon request. 

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

Grocery (4 min walk): Stock the fridge easily at the nearby grocery store.

Coffee (3 min drive): Portland Brew or Ugadi for some of the best local beans.

Eats (5 min drive): Hattie B’s Hot Chicken (East Nash location—shorter lines than downtown!) and Hunter's Station food hall.

Drinks (5 min walk): Explore the local dive bar scene or trendy cocktail spots in Five Points.

Downtown (7 min Uber): You are just 3 miles from the Broadway Honky Tonks. 👢

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.
Pet Friendly: We love hosting furry friends! (Please confirm breed/size upon booking).

Guest access
We have a keyless locking system. You will gain access to the home via a house code that we create specifically for you. That code will be sent to you with your check in instructions a few weeks prior to your arrival and you may share that code with your group if you wish. YOU WON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT SHARING OR LOSING A KEY! :)

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting