URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7092123
Latitude: 36.15135
Longitude: -86.79289
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Historic Spence Manor has housed some of the worlds most famous musicians such as Cash, Presley, and the Beatles.  Now this 1BR/1BA converted music studio is perfectly located for everything Nashville has to offer.  POOL OPENS APRIL 1st! This condo is under 10 minute walk to music row, demonbruen, gulch, midtown, and about a 20 minute walk to lower Broadway. It also includes parking at no extra cost and a has full size WASHER AND DRYER! 

Permit:  Residential Short Term Rental - T2022013909

The space
This condo is a  converted music studio turned  home.  The space is still decorated with soundboards that not only keep the noise of the many Demonbruen bars out of the condo, but more importantly lets you play music and hang out without bothering any of the neighbors. However this is a downtown space- any night could get louder than expected as could any morning. To reiterate this is a downtown space. While I have rarely heard my neighbors I cannot promise a musician doesn't get inspired in the surrounding condos!!! I'd recommend knocking and asking to listen in! They are usually very impressive :) 

The bedroom is separated from the kitchen and living room with french doors.  The bed is a king and is known as "the cloud" as it is tough to find something more comfortable to sleep in...  Seriously, set an alarm!!!  From the bed you will have views of the capital building in season, the famous Webb Pierce guitar shaped swimming pool, and demonbruen street. 

The living room has a sectional and smart TV.  I have  BASIC CABLE- but again, the smart tv allows east streaming of your favorite shows.  The couch is large and comfortable, The kitchen has all of the amenities you could need including pots/pans/silverware/glassware etc. 

If you have more than 2 staying, a queen sized air mattress is in the closet.  

Lastly, there is a washer and dryer and it is currently available to utilize. That said, on the 1st floor last the bakery there is a community laundry room that takes quarters. 

The bathroom will have towels, shampoo, and conditioner.

*** please note****
The outside of the building is no longer in its prime as the hoa works to bring it back to its former glory. 
The inside hallways are bland, clean but old. I have had guests prior that told me they were let down by the hall- but don’t worry the condo looks nothing like the hallway and that is where I hope you would hang out! 

Additionally on the outside of my unit ( nothing inside) we have a smart camera. This is used so I know when the condo is clean and ready for the next guests, as well as monitor the number of guests). While some units are designed for a bunch of people and parties, mine is not unfortunately. 

Elevators- there are 2. A front more desirable elevator full of mirrors, and a back service elevator. As it is an old historic building sometimes the front elevator will be down as we wait for techs that know how to fix it. You can use the back elevator or stairs if possible. Apologies in advance if it happens to be broken. In the 8 years I have owned, both elevators only went down once- but it did happen. 

Pool-
Technically open year round, but during freezing temps the bathrooms are not open. 
You must have the pool key, and no glass or additional guests are permitted to the pool area.

Why no reviews since 2020? 
Reason being is when covid hit I opted to rent to nurses. While doing so my short term license lapsed and with that I had to wait a year to reapply. Upon reapplication it took months to go through Nashville’s strp process as well as having an unfortunate rental scenario where everything was damaged- thus everything you see in the condo has been replaced from the prior listing in 2020. Don’t worry, I think it is actually a huge upgrade from my college decor. Reach out with additional questions!

Guest access
All parts of the condo are accessible to you during your stay.  Parking garage is open parking with parking pass.  The pool is usually open from May through September.  Specific opening and closing dates could be affected by weather, may open earlier or close later.  Please email me for my best estimate on opening dates. Pool displayed in pictures is during the summer when it is open, during the winter it is likely leaves and such may be in the pool as it is not open to tenants.

Permit:  Residential Short Term Rental - T2022013909

Other things to note
Only 1 parking spot is available, however across the street offers ample street parking.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kayla
Host User ID: 37171756
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/37171756
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville native Denver bound
Lives in Denver, Colorado
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
677 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting