URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/20666788
Latitude: 36.11142
Longitude: -86.78809
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Harmony House is a newly renovated 12 South/Green Hills townhouse conveniently located between Belmont and Lipscomb Universities.  Although in walking distance to the restaurants and boutiques on 12 South, I’d recommend you drive. Whether you are in Nashville for a family gathering, college visit, work, or taking in an event downtown, my goal is to provide you with a great experience in a safe and quiet space. I love hosting, just check out my reviews.

The space
I love having family and friends in my home and at their suggestion I’ve extended my hospitality by sharing it with you.
The open concept allows a wonderful space to visit with family and friends, share a meal, watch a movie, play games, or have meaningful conversation. YouTubeTV is available. You can spread out to the porch for additional seating and 2 dining tables. The backyard has room for children to run or to pass a football.

If you are traveling with children please let me know what you need to have available for their use (crib or pack and play - both available, high chair or baby gate). I love sharing my home with children and want them to feel at home. Younger children will find a special play area set up just for them in the queen bedroom.

A couple days before check in, guests receive detailed info to make your arrival go smoothly.  Please message to see if early luggage drop off or leaving luggage after check out for later departures is available during your stay.

Now some basics! In the kitchen you'll find a Keurig with k-pods, as well as an assortment of teas and treats on the kitchen counter.  A full sized coffee pot as well as toaster are in the cupboard beneath the coffee bar. In the refrigerator you'll find what you need to get started before that grocery store run.
A closet in each bedroom will be available for guest use. You will also have access to drawer space. Closets and drawers for your use will be clearly marked with a ribbon. Please don’t open drawers or closets not marked for guest use. 
The linen closet will have plenty of towels and extra sheets should you need them.  
Linens for the sleeper sofa are in a linen bag in the bottom of the linen closet. Also in the linen closet is the first aid kit.  In the upstairs bathroom you'll find an assortment of toiletries in case you forget to pack something. If you don’t find what you need text me and if I have it I’ll let you know where to find it.

Guest access
You have access to the whole house. Just remember in the bedrooms the only drawers for your use will have a ribbon on them. In the master bedroom you have access to one closet, the one with the ribbon on the door knob.

Other things to note
Being a pet free Airbnb allows me to safely host guests with cat and dog allergies. Please do not attempt to bring your fur babies or you will face immediate eviction without any credit for nights used or unused. Having said that,  I'd be glad to help you find a pet friendly home that is ready to welcome your pet! Nashville has hosts that want your pet to feel just as much at home as you. 

YouTube TV is available.

Should you be interested in "blocked" calendar days please let me know and I'll see if they can be made available.  This is my primary home and therefore only a limited number of days are open.
My residence has a Short Term Rental permit (#xxxxxx4029/May 2017-May 2 2027) through Metro Nashville and therefore follows local & state safety codes and tax rules.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sandy
Host User ID: 24841340
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24841340
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
After almost 20 years of visiting Nashville it's been exciting to buy and renovate in one of my favorite locations, 12S/Green Hills. 
At the encouragement of family and friends, I'm excited to share my home with you!
So when you stay at Harmony House, I’m preparing for you as I would for family and friends. 
You’ll find us conveniently located at the edge of 12 South on a quiet tree-lined street.
“More home than hotel.” Come and see!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
91 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting