URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1403775827836089801
Latitude: 36.1691
Longitude: -86.7961
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Private movie theater, speakeasy lounge, and a backyard oasis make The Morrison the ultimate Nashville getaway. This professionally designed 4-bedroom home features a game room with shuffleboard, pool table, and arcade games, plus a hot tub, sauna, firepit, and stylish gathering spaces. Just minutes from Nashville's top attractions, it's perfect for family vacations, group getaways, celebrations, bachelor and bachelorette trips, and unforgettable Music City stays. 🌆

The space
Things You'll Love: 
Backyard Oasis 
◆ Hot tub
◆ Barrel Sauna
◆ Fire pit with Adirondack chairs
◆ Putting green & lawn games for all ages
◆ BBQ Grill
◆ Fully fenced-in for privacy and peace of mind

Interior
◆ Movie theater room with popcorn machine, Karaoke stage, and board games
◆ Game room with Pool Table, Shuffleboard, and Arcade games—French doors open to a balcony
◆ Speakeasy style lounge with jukebox, poker table, & cocktail setup
◆ Dedicated makeup vanity for 4, perfect for getting ready to hit the town!
◆ Yoga mats, perfect for in-home yoga sessions
◆ Modern, fully equipped kitchen 
◆ High speed Wi-Fi 
◆ Smart TVs throughout – easily connect to all your favorite streaming apps!
◆ Chic décor thoughtfully curated by a talented interior designer
◆ Laundry room with washer + dryer
◆ Located in the Hope Gardens neighborhood, minutes from Broadway.
◆ Dog Friendly - $150 pet fee per stay for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions 

Important to Note:
This home is conveniently located near the highway, providing quick and easy access to major routes around the city. While the newly installed insulated windows help reduce indoor noise, you will still hear the hum of passing traffic—particularly in the living room, some bedrooms, and more noticeably when outdoors. Many guests find they adjust quickly, but we don’t recommend this home for those with heightened sensitivity to noise.

Sleeping Arrangements:
First Floor
◆ Bonus Room - Bunk bed with Two Double Beds
◆ Bedroom 1 - King Bed with Queen Sofa Bed + Ensuite Bathroom

Second Floor
◆ Bedroom 2: King Bed + Jack & Jill Bathroom
◆ Bedroom 3: King Bed + Jack & Jill Bathroom
◆ Bedroom 4: King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom

Additional Sleeping Arrangements: 
◆ Queen sofa bed in the Speakeasy + Half Bathroom

About Hallson Hospitality:
At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest. 

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The Morrison for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
◆ The home is located across from the highway, so road noise is expected. While newly installed insulated windows help reduce indoor sound, some traffic noise may still be heard—especially in the living room and a few bedrooms.
◆ The garage has been converted, so there are no designated parking spots. However, there is plenty of free street parking available directly in front of the home.
◆ The neighborhood is experiencing exciting growth, with a mix of newly constructed homes and charming older properties. It reflects the dynamic energy of an evolving community—offering both urban convenience and a warm, residential feel. It’s a wonderful place to enjoy modern amenities alongside local character.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5404 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting