URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/41687118
Latitude: 36.14826
Longitude: -86.77992
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Illume, a stylish, modern condo with 2 BR/ 2 BA, a pool, gym, and gorgeous balcony views of downtown in the BEST location! It is a short walk to Nashville’s popular spots, Downtown, the Gulch, Music Row, 12th South, and a short drive to Midtown or East Nashville. Decorated in mid-century modern, this newly renovated condo sleeps 6.  Relax by the pool or have morning coffee on the balcony with amazing views, as you plan the day. The city’s best right at your door! :)

The space
We paid special attention to every little detail of this space to make it stylish and interesting, but to give our guests a little taste of Nashville, and of us... a couple who has stayed in vacation rentals worldwide since 1996.  What we have done with our condo is what we have come to expect in a short-term vacation rental. Upon first entering, the feeling is one of comfort and curiosity as you discover all of the unique art on the walls, and the special touches that make this place our own.  The Nashville photos were taken by a friend of ours who lives here. The Johnny Cash photos were taken by a famous local photographer to the stars -he's a friend and such a character. The photos in the second bathroom are from our personal travels, and the frog... well, the frog is a favorite of Kim's and comes from our home. The same goes for the record wall, just a sampling of Kevin's vinyl selection at home.  Every piece in this home means something to us & we hope that special attention to detail makes your stay comfortable and wonderful!

We're also city dwellers who like to be close to the action, which is why we are offering this particular location. When we travel, we love to feel part of a neighborhood and to feel like we are living like locals. Three of Nashville's awesome neighborhoods —  The Gulch, 12th South and of course, downtown — are within walking distance of our space. East Nashville is short Uber or Lyft ride away. Each area is filled with small shops, bars and eateries that we enjoy and are sure you will too.  Our space is also close to some of our favorite live music haunts like the Cannery, Mercy Lounge and High Watt Lounge. If jazz is your thing, Nashville's premier live jazz club, Rudy's Jazz Room, is also a short walk away.  If you like cigars. Montecristo Cigar Bar is minutes away on foot.  Ask for Hutch, he will set you straight on cigars and drinks. Check out our guidebook for our favorite places to eat and drink. Speaking of adult beverages, one of Nashville's biggest and most diverse liquor, beer, and wine stores, Frugal MacDougal, is just a short walk away. Lastly, Joyride Nashville, which offers a diverse range of party experiences & sightseeing tours for every age group, is located beside our building. Yes, heading downtown on a party bus is as easy as walking to the next-door building.  Enjoy the city!

Other things to note
Please review this as it contains the address of our home, parking, Wi-Fi information, and what is included with your stay. Please ask us if you have any questions regarding what we provide or information about the condo. 

IMPORTANT DETAILS and HOUSE RULES
- Before booking, please read/ understand the cancellation policy. We strongly recommend purchasing trip cancellation/travel insurance as we do not refund for cancellations outside of the policy listed.
- Parties and/ or Events are not permitted at this property & may result in the removal of your group from the premises without a refund.

House Rules
Minimum Booking Age: 25 years old.
No Pets: No pets, including emotional support animals, are allowed.
No Locals: Local guests are not permitted.
No Parties or Events: Only registered guests are allowed in the home.
No Smoking: Smoking is prohibited inside the home and on the property.
No Weapons: Weapons of any kind are not permitted in our home or on our property. 
No Rearranging Furniture: Please do not move any furniture!
No Confetti or Tape: Please do not use tape or adhesive of any kind on our walls. * Damages will be charged to you.*

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kevin & Kim
Host User ID: 329070094
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/329070094
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, We’re Kim and Kevin
We love to travel and have used Airbnb all over the world! The music business brought us both to Nashville and we love everything Music City has become in the years since we moved here — the live entertainment, sports, eclectic dining, and varied nightlife to suit every taste and pace. Enjoy your stay in one of America’s world-class cities. There won’t be a dull moment.
Born in the 60s
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
229 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting