URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1612558563410627226
Latitude: 36.1381
Longitude: -86.7877
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★Welcome to Vivid Vocals★
 A vibrant 4 bedroom home in the heart of 12th Ave South, designed for unforgettable Nashville stays. Whether you’re here to celebrate, relax, or dive into Music City’s legendary nightlife, this home delivers style, comfort, and nonstop fun.

The space
Kick things off on the private rooftop patio, where sweeping skyline views set the stage for sunset cocktails and late-night hangs. Cozy up around the fire pit under the stars before heading out, or, staying in! Inside, the energy continues, with a bright, modern living area that features retro arcade games, plush seating, and an open layout ideal for group gatherings. The fully equipped kitchen makes it easy to whip up meals, snacks, or pre-game drinks before exploring the city. With 4 spacious bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms, there’s plenty of room for everyone to spread out and recharge after a night out. Thoughtful design and music-inspired touches keep the Nashville spirit alive in every corner of the ultra charming, Vivid Vocals!

★Highlights★
- Easy access to bars, restaurants, retail and downtown
- Private rooftop with fire pit, grill and seating
- High-speed Wi-Fi
- 2 Smart TVs
- Fully stocked kitchen
- Washer & dryer
- Central heat & air
- Garage
- Drip & Keurig Coffee Maker
- Keypad entry
- 4 Bedrooms
- 3 Full Bathrooms & 1 Half Bathroom

★Perfect For★
- Friend groups
- Bachelorette trips
- Birthday weekends
- Families
- Long weekends & extended stays

★Layout★
Bedroom One (primary) - queen bed, full daybed, twin trundle, smart TV, and an en suite bathroom. Bathroom has a dual vanity and shower.
Bedroom Two -  queen-over-queen bunk bed with a twin trundle, cozy furnishings, and en bathroom suite. Bathroom has single vanity with shower/tub combo.
Bedroom Three - king bed
Bedroom Four - queen-over-queen bunk bed with a twin trundle and en suite bathroom. Bathroom has single vanity and shower.
Half Bathroom - single vanity.

Kitchen & Living Area - The living area has plush seating and a smart TV. The beautiful modern kitchen is fully equipped with a large island and bar seating, ideal for cooking, gathering, or hosting your group before a night out.

★Parking★
Parking is available in the two garage. There is additional parking out front that is first come, first serve.

★The Neighborhood★
This neighborhood offers the perfect balance of local charm and city convenience. Walk or take a quick ride to the 12 South or Edgehill shops and restaurants. Minutes to The Gulch, Belmont, and Downtown Nashville and easy access to Broadway without the noise.

★House Rules★
During your stay, we ask that you remember to be respectful of your neighbors. Quiet hours are from 10pm- 7am. For real, take the party to the Honky Tonks on Broadway. Additionally, thank you for respecting our 'no smoking' and 'no pets' policy so that we can keep our properties in the best condition possible. Pets include but are not limited to cats, zebras, livestock, and/or spouses. There are also no firearms permitted within the home or on the surrounding property. Should you choose to ignore this, there will be a $300 fine assessed for breaking either of these rules. We thank you for refraining and being respectful of our homes - please don't make us hunt you down for fines as it cuts into our nap time.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property.

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home.  Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home.  We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay.  In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee.  Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver.  It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay.  The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior.  Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!).  Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage.  The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines. 

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Fun fact: Been in multiple earthquakes together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23140 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting