URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1698892907296575177
Latitude: 36.14251
Longitude: -86.76323
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Music City from this stylish 3-bedroom, 2.5-bath townhome just 10 minutes from Broadway, Belmont University, and Vanderbilt University. Sleeping up to 8 guests with 4 real beds, it's perfect for family trips and group getaways. Enjoy a full kitchen, in-unit washer/dryer, fast WiFi, Smart TV, and FREE on-site parking — a rare find this close to downtown. Book your Nashville stay today!

The space
Welcome to your perfect Nashville home base! Just minutes from Broadway, this stylish townhome blends modern comfort with local character. Thoughtfully designed with a record player, guitar, and Nashville-inspired décor, it's the perfect place to relax after exploring Music City.

Sleeps up to 8 guests: 3 spacious bedrooms, 4 comfortable beds, 2.5 bathrooms. Perfect for families, friends, business travelers, and group getaways.

Fully equipped kitchen: Cook your favorite meals, enjoy breakfast before exploring the city, and start your mornings with the included drip coffee maker.

In-unit washer and dryer: Pack light and enjoy the convenience of doing laundry during your stay.

Fast WiFi and smart TV: Stay connected, stream your favorite shows, or work remotely with ease.

Free on-site parking: Enjoy free parking in the community plus additional street parking a rare convenience this close to downtown Nashville.

PRIME LOCATION JUST 10 MINUTES AWAY

Broadway and the honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena and Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame, Hattie B's Hot Chicken and Five Points Pizza, Centennial Park and Radnor Lake, and Nashville International Airport (BNA).

Close enough to enjoy all the excitement, yet far enough to relax after a day in the city.

WHY GUESTS LOVE STAYING WITH US

Hosted by Nashville Nooks, a local boutique team committed to providing exceptional stays. We're happy to help with local recommendations, questions, or anything you need before or during your visit.

GOOD TO KNOW

Self check-in after 4:00 PM with a smart lock. No pets allowed service animals are welcome in accordance with Airbnb's accessibility policy. Quiet hours begin at 9:00 PM. Great for families and groups, but no parties or events. Exterior security cameras are installed for guest safety (none inside the home). Located on a lively side street, so occasional road noise may be heard. We have several similar homes in the community, so décor and furnishings may vary slightly from the photos.

Nashville weekends book quickly reserve your stay today and experience Music City in comfort!

Guest access
Guest Access:You'll have the ENTIRE townhome to yourselves all 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, full kitchen, living spaces, and in-unit laundry. No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group.

SELF CHECK-IN: Self check-in: your digital door code is sent by text/email 3 hours before check-in  just enter it on the smart lock keypad. A backup lockbox with a spare key is also on-site for emergencies. Message us anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking in the community lot (first-come, first-served) plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee maker everything in the home is yours to use from check-in to checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just a message away we typically respond within the hour if you need anything during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting