URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1389961385260910021
Latitude: 36.15171819653982
Longitude: -86.77900139738111
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Uncork a Nashville stay with a winery-inspired vibe in this spacious Hyve condo between Downtown and The Gulch. With four bedrooms, three bathrooms, a standout custom bunk room, and a cozy bonus room with a bar, it’s designed for elevated group getaways—perfect for celebration weekends, friend trips, or corporate retreats - minutes from Broadway, top dining, and live music.  Enjoy the private balcony and the communal pool in the summer & the living room's fireplace & courtyard's fire pits in the

The space
This home  blends warm, winery-inspired details with a layout built for gathering. The main living, area is open and inviting, flowing into a well-equipped kitchen that makes coffee mornings, snacks, and easy meals feel effortless. Just off the main space, a cozy bonus room with a bar creates a dedicated spot for mixing cocktails or pouring a glass of wine before heading out—an extra touch that makes the home feel more like a private retreat than a standard condo.

Sleeping is thoughtfully arranged across four bedrooms to keep groups comfortable. Three bedrooms feature king beds for a true retreat-style setup, while the fourth bedroom is a large custom bunk room with two sets of built-in queen-over-queen bunk beds—perfect for kids, cousins, or friends who want the “sleepover” vibe without sacrificing real-bed comfort. Three full bathrooms help mornings and pre-dinner routines run smoothly, even with a full house.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements
BEDROOM 1: 1 KING BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 2: 1 KING BED WITH TV AND JACK-AND-JILL BATHROOM
BEDROOM 3: 1 KING BED WITH TV, BALCONY ACCESS, AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 4: 2 QUEEN OVER QUEEN BUNK BEDS WITH 3 TVS

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, and laundry and dishwasher pods. 

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

📍 About Hyve
Hyve is a modern condo community on the edge of Downtown Nashville and The Gulch, situated in an urban setting across from a local Christian rescue mission. Enjoy amazing amenities:
★  Seasonal outdoor pool with cabanas
★ Fitness center open 24/7
★ Outdoor lounge spaces, gas grill, fire pits, ping pong
★  Secure on-site parking, and on-site security and concierge. 
★ Complimentary luggage drop-off
★  On-site market offering a coffee station, ice, and convenient vending machines.

★★ Exclusive Hyve Guest Perks★★
As a guest at Hyve, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Hyve’s partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Check-in is simple and seamless. Prior to arrival, you’ll receive access to a digital boarding pass with everything you need for your stay.. This guide includes your property access instructions, WiFi details, amenity information, parking and trash guidelines, and curated local recommendations for dining, shopping, and things to do nearby.

We recommend reviewing your boarding pass ahead of arrival to ensure a smooth and easy check-in experience.

Other things to note
★Parking at Hyve★
One secured parking space may be available in the private upper-level garage on a first-come, first-served basis. Parking is not guaranteed. Guests may park only in unreserved open spaces; spaces marked “Reserved” are for the assigned unit only. Garage access requires the Latch app, and the tiled panda artwork at the garage entrance confirms you are in the correct garage.

Please note that the private garage has a narrow exit, so SUVs or larger vehicles may be more comfortable using the public garage.

If the private garage is full or you have more than one vehicle, paid public parking is available in the lower garage at the bottom of the hill. Guests are responsible for all parking fees and fines. The standard rate is $40/day, and Hyve guests may receive 50% off using the QR code in the elevators or at the concierge desk.

EV chargers are available in both garages for an additional fee. Towing is strictly enforced, so please park only in designated spaces.

★Urban Location, Trains & Soundproofing★
Hyve is located in an active urban corridor between Downtown and The Gulch. Freight trains run directly behind the rear side of the building and may be heard during your stay. Units are soundproofed with triple-glazed windows to help reduce outside noise. For added comfort, sound machines and/or earplugs are provided.

Hyve is also on the same block as a local Christian rescue mission that serves homeless neighbors in need, so guests may notice typical city activity and foot traffic from people accessing nearby services. The building itself is secure-access, but the surrounding area is lively and mixed-use rather than a quiet suburban setting.

★Building Security & Access ★
Hyve is a secure-access building with controlled entry points and onsite overnight security. Common areas and hallways are monitored by security cameras, and guests access the property via digital access codes.

★Luggage Drop-off ★
Complimentary luggage storage is available with the Hyve concierge in the lobby from 9:30 AM – 5:30 PM, seven days a week. Pickup must occur before 5:30 PM. Service is first-come, first-served.

★Amenities & Building Facilities★
Guests have access to the building’s shared amenities and common areas. While we promptly notify the HOA or building management of any issues, we do not control the cleanliness, maintenance, repair, or availability of these shared spaces and cannot guarantee specific amenities will be available at all times.

★Smoke-Free Home & Community★
In accordance with building rules, smoking is not permitted inside the unit or any common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Supplies & Essentials★
We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.

★Families & Baby Gear★
Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play and baby gate (in homes with stairs) available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.

★Maintenance & Repairs★	
Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.

★Trash, Recycling & Cardboard★ 
A trash chute is located to the left of the elevators on every level; all trash must be bagged and securely tied before using the chute. Cardboard boxes and larger items should not go down the chute, please break them down and dispose of them in the designated dumpsters in the lower-level garage bins.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
My work: Humming Host’s CEO
Most useless skill: I can juggle
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2658 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting