URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/4604518
Latitude: 36.1234
Longitude: -86.763
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Our spacious home is located in a gated community and has 4 bedrooms, a bonus loft area with additional beds, 2.5 baths, a large, open concept living room, full eat in kitchen, and a fenced in backyard. Walking distance to Geodis Park (Go Nashville SC!) and 10 minutes to Downtown, Vanderbilt, Belmont, St. Thomas Midtown/West. Great for big groups and families. We are happy to host respectful bachelor(ette) groups! A perfect insta-grammable spot with a Music City Mural in the living room!

The space
Welcome to our spacious Nashville retreat, hosted by HelmsBnB! This recently updated 1,900 square foot, 4-bedroom, 2.5-bathroom house is perfect for large groups, accommodating up to 16 guests across 10 beds (+ additional room for a queen floor mattress). Recently redesigned in 2023, the open-concept living room, dining area and full kitchen provide ample space for both relaxing and socializing. Plus, enjoy the largest bedroom with a mounted TV, ideal for lounging or accommodating extra guests. 

Outside, the large fenced-in backyard offers privacy and a perfect spot for grilling, patio seating and plenty of room for your kids (or pup!) to run around. And enjoy a game of mini golf on the small green! Located in a gated community - closed from dawn to dusk - with parking for at least 3 cars and just a short walk to Geodis Park (Go Nashville SC!) and a dog park, our home provides convenience and comfort. Just outside the backyard fence, your family can enjoy the additional communal space grassy space and playground. Only 10 minutes from downtown Nashville, you're never far from the honky tonks, music, great restaurants and other must see attractions.

Downstairs:
- King bedroom with brand new designer furniture, including a desk for working from home (if you must!) or to be used as a getting ready station and a 48” TV. This primary bedroom has an ensuite luxury rain shower with his and her vanity sinks.
- Large living room (with pull out queen sleeper sofa and loveseat) and custom Music City Mural!
- Fully stocked kitchen - no need to eat out! 
- Coffee bar with drip coffee maker
- Dining room with 6 seater table, barstool seating and extra chairs to accommodate your whole group 
- Double doors that open to the fenced backyard with patio seating and a grill
- Laundry room
- Half bath

Upstairs:
- Queen size bedroom with a brand new, custom dedicated area to get ready, complete with seating, Hollywood vanity mirrors, and countertop space
- Queen size bedroom with desk
- Bonus room with a trundle with full size and twin beds, pull out queen couch, love seat. There is also a large, mounted smart TV. **Please note that this room does not have a door**
- Open loft area with a full size bed and a daybed with two twin beds
- Full bathroom with shower, bath tub, and double vanity sinks

Guest access
You are welcome to use the playground, gazebo, park, etc right behind our home! We just ask that you are respectful of our neighbors. Any disrespect will not be tolerated! We are in a residential neighborhood. We have a patio set and grill for the backyard as well.

The entire space is included in this rental with the exception of one owner's closet. Please, make yourself at home.

Other things to note
**Please note that bedroom with the trundle bed, pullout couch and love seat does not have a door**

Please remember this is our home so treat it like you would a friend's home and we will do our best to make you feel like you're an old friend staying with us! 

Our home is in a very residential area so we ask that you respect our neighbors and don't party outside so as not to jeopardize our ability to Airbnb. Absolutely no smoking inside or near open exterior doors - there is a $250 fee if this is violated.

We are dog friendly and there is a $125 per dog fee, per dog (2 dogs max). This does not cover any damage or yard clean up and all dogs must be house trained. If you are bringing your pup along, we must know at the time of booking and prior to your arrival. Please note that we do not allow cats due to guest allergies.

We have installed exterior only security cameras for the safety of both guest and property. These cameras are actively recording both audio and video outside all entrances and side doors. Any tampering with cameras, including, but not limited to covering and otherwise disabling of these cameras are grounds for early termination of reservation with no refunds whatsoever.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Alyssa
Host User ID: 8008453
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/8008453
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are passionate airbnb hosts and travelers who love meeting new people from all over the world! 

We host our own homes and help cohost for others. Each of our properties is unique and offers different things for different groups, we hope you will call one of them home for your trip! Need help hosting your home? Reach out - we'd love to help! IG HelmsBnB
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Bentley University & Vanderbilt
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
1226 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting