URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1599068407234909694
Latitude: 36.1786
Longitude: -86.7893
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Luxury meets rare Germantown Walkability!

This one-of-a-kind Maven Collection home redefines the Nashville vacation rental experience. With 2,633 sqft, enjoy four hotel-inspired bedrooms 🛏️, a private courtyard 🌿, rooftop deck with skyline views 🌆, hot tub, and designer finishes throughout.

Nestled in walkable Germantown — one of Nashville’s most established and desirable neighborhoods — you’re steps from the city’s top dining 🍽️ and just 6 minutes from Broadway’s honky-tonks 🎸🎶.

The space
✨ Step Inside Southern Sophistication
From the moment you walk through the door, you’ll be surrounded by the curated charm and quality craftsmanship that set this home apart. Think historically inspired design details, high-end furnishings —this is luxury reimagined in the heart of Nashville.

🛋 Living Room 🛋 
Located just off the entryway, the living room is a cozy and inviting space perfect for gathering—whether it’s a quiet night in or a lively evening with friends. The open-concept design flows seamlessly into the chef’s kitchen and dining area, with direct access to the courtyard.

🍽 Kitchen & Dining 🍽  
The heart of the home is truly this entertainer’s kitchen—fully stocked and beautifully designed for cooking, cocktails, and connection.

🔥 Gas range & oven
🧊 Full-size refrigerator/freezer
🍽 Microwave & dishwasher
☕ Drip coffee makers & toaster
🍷 Glassware, cookware, and serving essentials
🍴 Island-style dining table with space for your whole group

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements 🛏 – 4 Bedrooms

With four hotel-inspired bedrooms, this space was crafted to be both beautiful and comfortable. All bedrooms and bathrooms include plush linens, towels, soaps, TVs, and light-filtering window treatments.

🛌 Pillows, linens, towels & sheets
🧴 Shampoo & soaps
🌤 Light-filtering window treatments

🛏 Bedroom 1 – King Suite (1st floor)
• King bed
• Large hallway bath 
• Sleeper sofa in hallway outside of bedroom

🛏 Bedroom 2 – King Suite (2rd floor)
• King bed
• Large Hallway bath
•  Rollaway twin bed (available upon request)

🛏 Bedroom 3 – King Room (2rd floor)
• King bed
• Ensuite bathroom
• Rollaway twin bed (available upon request)

🛏  Bedroom 4 – Bonus Sleeping Area
•  Queen Bed
•  2x Single Beds

🛋 Common Spaces 🛋
• Rollaway beds & Pack ’n Play available upon request

📶 Other Amenities
⚡ High-speed Wi-Fi
🧺 Laundry room with washer & dryer

🚗 Parking 🚗
There is a gated two-car parking slip behind the home. Please note: the overhang may not accommodate large trucks or tall SUVs. No worries—there’s also free street parking available nearby!

📍 THE NEIGHBORHOOD 📍

Nestled on charming Taylor Street, this Germantown home is the perfect blend of historic charm and modern flair. Step outside and stroll to some of Nashville’s most beloved restaurants—think James Beard–nominated bites, cozy brunch spots 🥞, and cocktail bars 🍸 that know your name. With tree-lined streets 🌳, timeless architecture 🏡, and walkability to all the culinary magic, this is Southern living at its tastiest. 😋

Check out:
🍷 Rolf and Daughters – Innovative New American cuisine with seasonal menus and natural wines in a lively, stylish setting.
🦪 Henrietta Red – Gorgeous seafood & oyster bar with shareable plates and fresh seasonal fare.
🐟 The Optimist – Sophisticated seafood with oyster bar classics, whole fish, and an expansive wine list.
🍽 5th & Taylor – Refined comfort food inspired by Sunday suppers, perfect for brunch or dinner.
🍣 O-Ku – Polished Japanese and sushi destination, featuring chef’s‑choice omakase and inventive rolls.

🏛 In the shadow of the Capitol, and just a few minutes' walk away, Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park offers a scenic and educational experience. This 19-acre gem celebrates Tennessee’s rich history and natural beauty:

🗺 200-foot granite map of the state

🎖 WWII Memorial

🔔 95-Bell Carillon

📜 Pathway of History

💦 Rivers of Tennessee fountains

🌿 11 native plant gardens along the Walkway of Counties

It’s the perfect place for a reflective stroll or a history-rich morning walk. Don’t forget to grab the two-page park map for a self-guided tour!

⚾ Adjacent to the park is First Horizon Park, home of the Nashville Sounds—the Triple-A affiliate of the Texas Rangers. This state-of-the-art ballpark isn’t just for baseball lovers. It also hosts 🎶 concerts, 🎉 festivals, and all kinds of public & private events, making it a vibrant part of the Germantown experience.

🧺 Just a few minutes away is the Nashville Farmers’ Market, a local favorite filled with fresh produce, artisan finds, and some of the best bites in the city. Whether you're picking up picnic supplies or browsing handmade goods, it’s a must-visit.

📍🚗 TRAVEL TIMES 🚗📍
⚾ Germantown / Nashville Sounds Stadium (0.0! Just out the door!)
🎤 Broadway (6 mins / 1.5 mi drive / 30 min walk)
🥂 The Gulch (9 mins / 2 mi)
🏈 Nissan Stadium (6 mins/ 1.5 mi / 35 min walk)
⚽ WeHo / Geodis (10 mins / 5 mi)
🌳 Vandy / Centennial Park (10 mins / 3.5 mi)
✈️ BNA Airport (~15 mins)

Guest access
This house is exclusively yours for the duration of your stay, so relax, unwind, and make yourself at home! A door code is all you'll need to get in!

Other things to note
✧ UNIQUE DOOR CODES✧
At Maven, we take your privacy and security seriously. Each reservation is issued a unique door code for your stay.

✧ NO SHARED SPACES ✧
The home is exclusively yours for the duration of your stay!

✧ NO SMOKING ✧
This is a non-smoking house, so we kindly ask all our guests to refrain from smoking on the premises.
 
✧ GUEST VERIFICATION ✧
Local regulations require us to verify your identity prior to check in. We do this with a simple check in form where you input a government issued ID. Don’t worry, your information is encrypted and always stored securely.
 
✧ NO LOCAL RESERVATIONS ✧
Local reservations are only accepted with prior notice and approval.
 
✧ ACCIDENTAL DAMAGE INSURANCE ✧
Things happen…so every reservation is covered by our accidental damage insurance policy at no additional charge! 
 
✧ SANITIZATION & CLEANING✧
We ALWAYS treat our home like a high-end hotel with dedicated cleaning staff and quality assurance checks because cleanliness is so important to a great stay! With the addition of COVID-19, the heath, safety, and wellbeing of our guests are even more in the spotlight. For these reasons, we use strict disinfection protocol after every stay.

Registration Details
2025106563

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Ashley
Host User ID: 269786762
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/269786762
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville Native - Realtor - Animal Lover

Born and raised in Nashville, and a Realtor since 2009, I have witnessed firsthand the transformation of our quaint country town to the nationally sought-after destination it is today. 

Maven Destinations is my passion project to share intimate local insight, genuine hospitality, and a curated portfolio of homes...in what I consider one of the best cities in the world...with you! I hope you'll join us!
Born in the 80s
My work: Real Estate Agent
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1219 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting