URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1681290287473200234
Latitude: 36.20859
Longitude: -86.76091
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Queen's Cottage! We're two East Nash locals who poured our hearts into this curated, color-drenched retreat in hopes that you'll love our side of town as much as we do. In the morning, walk two blocks to Crema for coffee. Then enjoy the cozy rooms, let your dogs roam the fenced yard, and relax by the fire pit after a day out. 

Queen's Cottage is:
✧  12mins to bdwy
✧  8mins to nissan
✧ 15mins to BNA
✧  easy public transport to dwntn + nissan
✧  mins from East Nash bars + restaurants

The space
Our dreamy, cozy cottage is layered with warm tones, inviting patterns, a touch of whimsy, and vintage finds we’ve collected throughout Nashville. Keep an eye out for Dolly, too — she makes a few appearances throughout. 

Out back, the private, fully fenced yard is where we’d spend every evening if we could. Enjoy dinner at the outdoor table, drinks on the deck, and a slow night around the fire pit after a long day exploring Music City.

Every bedroom has comfortable queen beds
✧ two bedrooms w/ smart TVs
✧ full-length mirror in every bedroom
✧ plenty of closet space!

Bathrooms
✧ master ensuite bath and shower
✧ full bath to share for the 2 other bedrooms
✧ a light up mirror for getting ready
✧ and extra toiletries available for your use!

Fully stocked kitchen
✧ 6 person dining nook
✧ espresso machine (espresso provided)
✧ coffee machine (coffee and tea also provided)
✧ and a vintage kitchen island refinished by the owners soon to come!

Other details
✧ Pet friendly
✧ High-speed WiFi
✧ 3 large smart TVs
✧ Flexible workspace
✧ Washer & dryer
✧ Private, fully fenced in backyard
✧ BBQ, firepit, and lots of outdoor seating
✧ Side ramp and step-free access
✧ 10-15 mins to Broadway
✧ 15 mins to the airport
✧ Ample private parking, fits up to 3 large cars

—About the location—
East Nashville is where locals actually hang out — with plenty of great coffee, food, and live music without the crowds. We hope you have the best time!

Guest access
You'll have the entire cottage and private yard to yourselves.

Other things to note
We’ve curated this cottage to be a true "home away from home" for groups seeking a serene getaway. Because we want your stay to be as seamless as possible, please note these additional details:

—Accessibility & Arrival—
The home features a permanent ramp for easy, step-free entry—ideal for rolling luggage or guests with mobility needs. Once you arrive, our large private driveway comfortably accommodates up to three vehicles, ensuring you never have to worry about street parking.

—Our Community & Quiet Hours—
This is a peaceful, established residential neighborhood, and our neighbors have been here for years. To keep the vibe relaxed for everyone:

Quiet hours 10:00 PM – 7:00 AM, especially on the porch and back deck

No parties or large, disruptive gatherings — we love hosting calm bachelorette weekends, reunions, and family trips, and just ask guests to treat the home and neighbors with care.

Registration Details
T2026037312

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Anuschka And Kevin
Host User ID: 7678201
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/7678201
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, we’re Anuschka and Kevin! We’re not a property management company, just an East Nashville couple who genuinely enjoy hosting. We truly care about creating an easy and welcoming experience, and our biggest hope is that this space makes your time in Nashville even better. We poured our hearts into Queen's Cottage because we love our side of town and want you to experience it like we do — not just visit it. Ask us about anything! We’re here to make your stay easy from start to finish.
My work: Healthcare
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 months hosting
21 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
4 months of hosting