URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/744366647440401701
Latitude: 36.17454
Longitude: -86.80855
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Underwood Manor, the best Nashville stay for groups and bachelorettes just minutes from downtown! Relax in the 7‑person hot tub, have fun in our newly added moody speakeasy game room with pool table, darts & Smart TV. Enjoy a private backyard with smokeless fire pit, bistro lights and BBQ. Play Pac‑Man & 1000+ games console, karaoke, fast WiFi, & 65” smart TV. Sip unlimited Nespresso, cook in the fully-stocked kitchen, or unwind in the king suite with rainfall shower and 43” s

The space
Message us if you have any questions, and we will respond promptly :)

☑ 7-person premium hot tub
☑ Mood speakeasy game room with 8 ft pool table, darts, 55" Smart TV & whiskey barrel Bar
☑ Only 5 mins to Downtown & 7 to Broadway
☑ Smokeless fire pit w/ unlimited firewood
☑ Nespresso coffee maker w/unlimited regular, decaf coffee & tea
☑ Pac-Man arcade game
☑ Karaoke machine
☑ Game console with 1000 games
☑ 65" smart TV in living room
☑ Record player with country vinyls
☑ Tons of board games and puzzles
☑ Guitar ring toss
☑ Insta worthy photo spots/signs
☑ 1-gig fast WiFi
☑ Fully-stocked kitchen
☑ King Bed Suite with Smart TV and ensuite bathroom, rainfall shower, and glam area.
☑ Private backyard w/ bistro string lights, corn hole, and Can Jam
☑ Charcoal BBQ grill
☑ Dedicated workspace
☑ Smart Lock
☑ AC/Heat
☑ In-unit Washer & Dryer
☑ Free parking
☑ Iron, hair dryer & steamer

Welcome to Underwood Manor, a stunning rustic modern farmhouse stay just minutes from the heart of Nashville. Step inside and be embraced by the warm, inviting atmosphere of original hardwood floors, exposed wooden beams, and thoughtfully designed Nashville-themed decor. Our spacious living room boasts a 65" SmartTV, a vinyl record player, Pac-Man arcade game, 1000-in-1 arcade game console, karaoke machine and a comfortable pull-out sofa and leather chairs, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploring the vibrant city. Enjoy the newly added moody speakeasy game room in the garage with 8' pool table, darts and 55" Smart TV perfect for relaxing and hanging out.

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
"I booked a 4 night stay for a bachelorette group with Chase, and I cannot say enough how great everything is. I appreciate how Chase reached out daily to check in on us and make sure everything was going smoothly. He reiterated if anything was missing or extras of anything needed he would have it there asap. I would book anything Chase hosts based off his communication style. He also sent guides for the house and local spots that were extremely helpful! This made checkout so easy for us. The house was immaculate and there was no second guessing something being clean or not. It was well organized and well thought out with the layout. All of the beds are very comfy so the girls slept great every night and they were not squeaky or super hard at all sleep on. They had super cute lighting/decor and a record player w vinyls. Everything you see is what you get! The location is 10min from everything like Broadway making it a central spot to stay at! Book with Chase, you won’t regret it! 💛" - Megan

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
“Brought my sister and some friends here for her Bachelorette party and we had a blast! The house has so many cute picture spots so we didn’t have to do too much of our own decorating. The beds are super comfy and the showers were amazing!” -Shayna

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
“Chase’s place was awesome! Close to town, easy to get in and out, everything was well maintained and beautiful… The girls LOVED IT. They loved the hot tub and fire pit. They said the mattresses were very comfortable and that everything was clean and pretty. Highly recommend!” - Melissa

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
“There were subtle touches that were well thought out, from the electronic welcome sign to the stocked coffee bar. The hot tub was phenomenal and there were even nostalgic games for entertainment. The beds were extremely comfortable and the house truly felt like home.” - Darcie

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
“The perfect bachelorette getaway! The home was beautiful and looked exactly like the listing. Me, my friends, and family had such a wonderful time. 10/10 recommend and I hope to come back again!” - Casey

Savor your mornings with unlimited premium coffee from our Nespresso Virtuo machine, or enjoy a variety of Tazo teas in our fully-equipped kitchen. Gather around the rustic dining table that seats seven, or enjoy a casual meal at the island countertop. Outside, indulge in the 7-person premium hot tub, play neon-lit cornhole, or relax by the smokeless fire pit under enchanting bistro lights.

Retreat to the luxurious master suite with a king-sized Saatva mattress, light-minimizing curtains, and a private balcony. The master bathroom offers a spa-like experience with a walk-in rainfall shower and dual sinks. Additional bedrooms feature queen-sized Purple mattresses, stylish decor, and shared access to a jack-and-jill bathroom.

Enjoy all the comforts of home with the essentials provided, such as body wash, shampoo, and plush towels. Our home is designed with your convenience in mind, offering an in-unit washer and dryer, free parking, and climate control for year-round comfort. Capture unforgettable moments with our Insta-worthy photo spots, and immerse yourself in the perfect Nashville getaway at Underwood Manor.

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
“Our family of eight had an incredible stay… The home’s design perfectly balanced coziness and elegance, giving us plenty of room to spread out while still feeling connected. This place is truly a gem—our go-to for future stays!”

Josephine

Find us on IG @underwoodmanor_nashville

Living Room (Sleeps 2)
☑ 65" Vizio SmartTV (wall mounted) with Chromecast and streaming apps.
☑ Vinyl record player with Zach Bryan (American Heartbreak) & country greatest hits album
☑ Comfortable L-shaped sofa (doubles as Queen pull-out bed) and 2 leather chairs
☑ Assortment of board and card games, puzzles, plus hook ring toss wall game
☑ Local coffee table books
☑ Queen pull-out sofa bed
☑ 1000-in-1 arcade game console
☑ Karaoke machine

Take a load off from traveling to Nashville! Sit back and relax in a spacious open living room with exposed wooden beams, oak hardwood floors, comfortable couch and leather chairs to watch our 65" Vizio Smart TV with Chromecast included with 1gig high-speed internet and all streaming apps (Enter your own logins). Inside the media console you will find a plethora of board & card games to tickle your fancy. Try your hand at the ring toss hook game on the wall. On the coffee table you will find QR codes for our guestbook and WiFi. This digital guestbook provides all of our Nashville favorites and recommendations to make your trip the best ever!

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
“5 mins or less to downtown in a peaceful neighborhood with an outstanding back yard. Great for a small gathering around the fire pit. House was spotless. Host was super friendly and responsive throughout the entire stay. Fun time in Nashville!”

Geralyn

Kitchen
☑ Unlimited regular and decaf coffee with our premium Nespresso Virtuo premium coffee maker, plus milk frother.
☑ Unlimited assorted tea bags from Tazo & tea kettle
☑ Dishwasher, 4-burner Gas Stove, Microwave & Oven
☑ Frigidaire Refrigerator with water and ice-maker
☑ Kitchen Essentials - Silverware, Plates/bowls, Drinking, baking, utensils, oil/spices etc.
☑ Pots & Pans
☑ Quartz Countertops
☑ Island quartz countertop with stool seating

We have an updated kitchen with an island countertop containing a deep stainless steel sink, 4-burner gas stove and oven, stainless steel fridge and dishwasher. Plus our guest's favorite amenity is our luxurious NESPRESSO Virtuo coffee maker, (regular and decaf included.) Tea kettle and tea bags included. The kitchen will be stocked with basic cooking essentials like olive oil, salt, pepper. And you will also find cutlery, utensils, cookware and bakeware provided for all your cooking needs.

Dining Area
We have a rustic modern farmhouse dining room table that can comfortably seat 7, as well as 4 bar stools on the island to accommodate all guests. Next to the table is the second-best wing wall mural in Nashville! Take your group photo here instead of standing in the long touristy lines.

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
“Underwood Manor was the perfect choice… Chase was responsive and accommodating. We were able to get groceries, medicine in the middle of the night, and even a code for the Red Phone Booth Club. The kitchen, beds, and thoughtful touches were amazing.”

Kendra

Backyard Area
☑ 7-person premium hot tub
☑ SoloStove Smokeless Bonfire included with unlimited firewood, starters, tools, and natural wood stump seating
☑ Weber premium charcoal BBQ grill with charcoal included
☑ Bistro string lights and lighting
☑ Brand new Acacia wood patio furniture
☑ Private fenced-in yard
☑ Neon Lit Corn hole
☑ Bocce ball
☑ KanJam

Here you will find some outdoor seating on the deck which is the perfect spot to enjoy your morning coffee. Relax in our premium hot tub that seats 7 complete with jets and lighting. Play bocce ball by day and neon-lit corn hole anytime. At night you are immersed in ambient bistro lights that illuminate the backyard. Enjoy a drink or s'more over a fire under the stars in our fire pit area equipped with a smokeless SoloStove bonfire, firewood, tools and stump seating.

For dinner grill a hot dog or burger on our premium charcoal BBQ Weber grill included with charcoal, tools, and fire starters.

Next head upstairs to one of our 3 bedrooms that are built for a good night's sleep. As you come up the stairs you will notice a push-pin map. Join our past guests and put a pin where you've traveled from! Once you reach the top of the stairs you will see a bright neon sign with some well-known Tennessee whiskey song lyrics! Feel free to take some group photos here too.

Master Suite Bedroom (Sleeps 2-3)
☑ King Luxury Saatva Loom & Leaf mattress
☑ Ceiling Fan
☑ Light-minimizing curtains
☑ White noise machine
☑ 2 vanity mirrors
☑ Unique design touches
☑ Walk-in Closet and Dresser for storage
☑ Clean linens, duvet covers, blankets and comfiest pillows
☑ Access to balcony patio
☑ Optional air mattress

Last but not least we have the MASTER bedroom. The most luxurious room in the house Whoever gets this room either booked the place, or the trip is centered around. Or you are just the main character? This is our biggest room in the house fit with a super luxurious Saatva King mattress and the comfiest pillows. This room comes with a huge walk-in closet to store your stuff, because you probably overpacked. This room has light-minimizing drapes to make sure you sleep past brunch! Located in this room are two vanity mirrors with stools perfect for getting ready. There is also access to an outdoor patio deck.

Master En-suite Bathroom
☑ Walk-in shower with glass doors and rainfall dual shower head w/high-pressure water
☑ Clean bath towels and washcloths
☑ Shower amenities provided (shampoo, conditioner, bar soap, and lotion)
☑ Hair Dryer
☑ Private toilet
☑ Toilet Paper

The master bathroom has a HUGE walk-in rainfall shower with dual shower heads for a spa-like experience. Complete with his and hers sinks with large mirrors. and private toilet. We provide basic amenities like shampoo, bar soap, body lotion, lotion, and conditioner. Luxurious, soft bath and face towels are provided, as well as a hair dryer.

Bedroom 2 (Sleeps 3)
☑ Queen Purple Brand Mattress
☑ New Trundle twin XL pull-out bed
☑ Ceiling Fan
☑ White noise machine
☑ Unique design touches
☑ Full-length mirror
☑ Closet and Dresser for storage
☑ Clean linens, duvet covers, blankets and comfiest pillows
☑ Attached bathroom

The first bedroom is a Queen bed fit with a dreamy Purple Brand mattress and the comfiest pillows. This room has high vaulted ceilings. a full-length mirror and stylish touches. It has a full-length closet and dresser to hang and put clothes away. This room shares a full jack-and-jill bathroom with the room next door.

Bedroom 3 (Sleeps 3)
☑ Queen Purple Brand Mattress
☑ Ceiling Fan
☑ Twin XL mattress
☑ Dedicated workspace
☑ White noise machine
☑ Unique design touches
☑ Full-length mirror
☑ Walk-in Closet and Dresser for storage
☑ Clean linens, duvet covers, blankets and comfiest pillows
☑ Attached bathroom

Next door the "Bunk Room." This room has a Twin XL over a Queen bunk bed. The queen mattress is also a heavenly Purple Brand mattress and both beds have very comfortable pillows. This room is well-styled with a full length mirror and a vanity table that doubles as a dedicated workspace. This room has a spacious walk-in closet and dresser! This shares the jack-and-jill bathroom with other bedroom.

Jack-and-Jill bathroom
☑ Shower with tub
☑ Clean bath towels and washcloths
☑ Shower amenities provided (shampoo, conditioner, bar soap, and lotion)
☑ Hair Dryer
☑ Private toilet
☑ Toilet Paper
In this conjoined bathroom with dual sliding doors for privacy, you will find a full shower and bathtub. We provide basic amenities like shampoo, bar soap, body lotion, lotion, and conditioner. Luxurious, soft bath and face towels are provided, as well as a hair dryer.

Laundry Room
☑ In-unit washer & dryer
Need to wash some clothes or dry something? Don't fret. We have a top-loading Whirlpool in-unit washer and dryer. We provide some laundry detergent pods and bleach for you in case you need to wash any clothes. Also, provided are a steamer and an ironing board with iron.

Parking
☑ Free parking
There is free available parking in the driveway that fits 2 cars comfortably and plenty of available street parking.

Climate Controlled
☑ HVAC Heating and Air Conditioning
☑ Ecobee Thermostat
☑ Ceiling Fans in all 3 bedrooms
☑ Gas Heating and tankless water heater

Insta-Worthy Photo Opportunities
☑ 'You're Like Really Pretty' neon sign with hanging egg chair
☑ Wings wall
☑ Tennessee Whiskey lyrics neon sign in

✅ This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1000 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $59 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $1.50 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

Your guest portal includes advertisements with third-party upgrades that you may want to enhance your stay. These upgrades are optional and include:
Late Check out - 1 Hour - $25
Late Check out - 2 Hour - $50
Bag Drop - $25

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Guest access
Guests have full access to the house except for a storage closet in the master bathroom, owner's closet in the living room behind the couch. The garage supply closet is locked as well. These will remain locked and for owner's use only.

Other things to note
*IMPLIED UNDERSTANDING* By Booking with us you are aware of and accept the above information and agree to House Rules provided

Registration Details
2022078262

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chase
Host User ID: 468560653
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/468560653
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! My name is Chase, I am an entrepreneur and marketing expert from San Diego. My wife Charlotte and I have a newborn baby boy and a mini Aussiedoodle named Maverick keeps us busy!

I operate short-term rentals full time as my business and manage properties in Nashville and throughout the country. We are looking forward to hosting you on your travels to the Music City and making it the most memorable experience possible!
Where I went to school: San Diego State University
My work: Marketing and Airbnb
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
159 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting