URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1237730633295583851
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7704
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Park for free and walk to everything downtown Nashville has to offer from The Little Zen Studio Apartment. 

Sleep well on the 10 inch memory foam King mattress. Prepare tea or coffee in the kitchenette and stream your favorite tunes on the 65 inch TV as you prepare to head out from your home in the SoBro (South of Broadway) area.

Walk or Uber back to your Zen hide-a-way to rejuvenate throughout the day and night. Rinse and repeat :) 

>> See photos for distances to six attractions.

The space
About the Condo:

Built in the mid 1980's, the complex is home to 41 individually owned condos and town homes. Originally apartments now a mix of residences and vacation rentals. We upgraded the condo August 2024 and decorated it with natural colors and minimal decor for a relaxing "zen"  feel. We're happy with the finishes and loving named it The Little Zen Studio Apartment. 

It's 500 square feet of space allows for a king bed, leather couch, oversized coffee table for Uber eats meals.  It has lighted mirrors in the bath vanity and a built-in desk for a dedicated workspace or another spot to apply makeup. 

It is located on the second floor of a three story building (must climb one flight of steps to access.)

The private condo balcony faces south-east toward the parking area and courtyard. The windows face north-west overlooking 2nd Avenue and Nashville Fire Station Number 9. (Sirens and road noise can be an issue but we've mitigated with top-of-the-line noise reducing windows.)

About the Neighborhood:

The Little Zen Studio Apartment is located on Rutledge Hill in the SoBro area six blocks from the Broadway Honk Tonks.  "SoBro" is short for South of Broadway.

( Hint: If you find Husk Restaurant, the condo is about 100 feet directly behind Husk.)

In SoBro you will see a mix of residence and tourist. 

I lived in the complex for years and have a list of favorites places. On your way to Broadway, my might grab coffee at Crema Coffee or Pinewood Social. For food, maybe the Goat, Martin's BBQ (go in the back door off the alley and grab a bar seat), also Pinwood Social (try the fried broccoli!), Hampton Social, Pancake Pantry, and Cafe Intermezzo (Cafe Intermezzo also has great coffee and seems to be a secret - usually no line.)
If you're looking for more substantial, maybe The Southern Steak and Ouster, River House, Etch, or Husk Restaurant - which is just 100 from the condo.  

Other notable attractions in SoBro:  Ascend Amphther (2 blocks from condo), Country Music Hall of Fame (5 blocks), Nashville Symphony Center (5 blocks), River Front Park and Pedestrian Bridge (4 blocks), Music City Convention Center (6 blocks), and Bridgestone Arena  (8 blocks).  And you're just six blocks from the famous Honks Tonks on Broadway - Just head out of the condo on 2nd Avenue and in six blocks you're knee deep in Broadway!

I'm thinking that the Little Zen Studio can be your sanctuary to retreat to and stage your downtown Nashville adventure. 

I have enjoyed this location and I hope you do too.

I enjoy hosting and serving the many wonderful travelers that I've had the privilege of welcoming to music city. 

Look forward to hearing from you soon.

Best wishes on your travel plans.

Cheers !!

David Jaap
Owner, Operator, Host.

Guest access
This is a one bedroom one bath condo, approximately 600 ft.²  — The guest will have the full condo 100% to themselves (this is not a shared space. Only the guest will have access during their stay. I change the door code between every guest.)

Other things to note
Free Parking onsite:  (let me know if you’ll have more than one vehicle and I can accommodate free parking for two spots.) 

Stairs:  Located on second floor, so keep that in mind if you have someone that has an issue with stairs.

Noise:  The condo is located downtown and across from number nine fire station. We have reduced city noise with top rated low-noise windows, bedside noise machine, and fans for sleep, but still recommend to bring ear plugs (which might also be handy for Broadway / music venues.)

Most guests (98 of 100) say noise isn't a problem. But, if you are looking for an ultra quiet space, ask me about my house - it's a mile further away, so not walkable to Broadway but it's super quiet. And sometimes there are unused dates and I'll offer it for a small group for a discounted rate. Just message and ask about it or any of the other properties as well.

Questions?  .... Happy to answer any question - no questions too big or small.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 39323330
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/39323330
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! 

I live, work, and play in downtown Nashville - I love it here! I moved to Nashville eight years ago to work for a software marketing company. I wish that I moved here sooner. I joke that I'm going to have a t-shirt or bumper sticker made which reads, "Not a native, but I got here as quick as I could!" 

I have lived in three different downtown Nashville locations; I've experienced the features and benefits unique to each location. This townhouse's area is my favorite so far and it is where I call home. It's walkable to all that downtown has to offer but far enough away that I can escape from the busy noise of the high-rise business/tourist district. 

I'm honored to welcome travelers here and I hope they'll enjoy the location as much as I do. I'm happy to offer local travel hints and answer any questions about the property or Nashville. I'm presently developing a website with tips and 'must-sees' (ask for the link once booked.) 

...Go ahead and ask me where my favorite nearby place to get a steak, hot chicken, BBQ, or preferred place to sample some Nashville made whiskey or bear brewery, or my best secret hidden bar off the beaten path or just my favorite spot for some good ole live music...and just watch my face light up as I go into details..! 

Have questions? Let me know how I can help!

Best, 
David
My work: The Tennessean
Speaks English and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
2640 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting