URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/915135412088480035
Latitude: 36.2827
Longitude: -86.4515
rental_type: Entire villa
property_type: VILLA
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 6
beds: 11
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Kairos Estate! A luxurious lakeside sanctuary where nature, comfort and awe-inspiring design converge on a private 2 acre peninsula. A private, glass-wrapped luxury estate, cradled by the waters of Old Hickory Lake. With a lake view out nearly every window of this home, this estate offers a truly immersive retreat that delights every sense.  Perfect for families, corporate retreats, reunions, and large groups seeking a luxurious and unforgettable lakeside experience. Kayaks included!

The space
From nearly every corner of the house, large glass windows frame sweeping, unobstructed views of Old Hickory Lake. Sunlight glints off the water, birds drift lazily by, and breezes roll through the trees with a calming hush. The sound of water lapping gently at the shore sets the pace for your days here: slow, serene and soulfully quiet. 

Step into the “magic” verandah, a stunning back porch where the boundary between inside and outside dissolves. Automatic screens drop at the touch of a button and a massive triple glass door disappears into the wall. Suddenly the spacious living room doubles in size and spills into nature. You’ll feel the warm lake air wrap around you as you enjoy your morning coffee or your evening wine, watching wildlife move through the water, just feet away. 

Upstairs, a second-story screened porch enhances the experience even further. Is it inside? Is it outside? The answer is both. A sleek glass garage door separates the space from the home, and when lifted, it turns the porch into an airy extension of the home. It’s a place to read with the breeze on your skin or nap in a hammock while ospreys dive for fish only a few feet away. 

Every detail of the home invites exploration and joy. One bedroom hides a whimsical secret room — a surprise awaiting curious, inquisitive guests. On a bookshelf in a different part of the house, figure out which book to gently push, and you discover a whole new floor of the house! 

The game room pulses with energy, featuring a tournament-grade foosball table and pop-a-shot basketball that bring out everyone’s competitive side. 

Out back, the private dock is perfect for early morning kayak launches or tying up your boat after a day on the water. And for those who prefer wildlife watching to water sports, simply sit still. River otters frolic onshore and nest right at the lakeshore, while beautiful white pelicans with 10 foot wingspans soar past during fall through spring. Great blue herons and white cranes stalk the shoreline while cormorants dive beneath the surface reappearing triumphantly with glittering fish. You might spot baby foxes playing on the rocks, turtles sunning on a log, or even Bald Eagles circling above. 

Whether you’re roasting marshmallows under the stars or preparing a lakeside feast, the estate’s outdoor fire pit and grill make it easy to savor meals in the open air while soaking up the natural beauty that surrounds you. In the evenings, as the sky turns to peach and lavender, gather on the verandah and listen: the gentle call of frogs, the fluttering wings and the laughter of loved ones. 

There is magic in the stillness. In the light. In the lake. 

Whether you’re planning a family reunion, a creative retreat, or a relaxing escape from the rush of daily life, The Estate on Old Hickory Lake offers an unforgettable sensory journey — one where every sunrise feels like a painting and every nightfall feels like a satisfying sigh.

Guest access
You will have access to the full home and grounds.

Other things to note
The large, insulated media room hides a world-class surround sound system that brings the main sound magically out of the center of the screen. You’ll feel like you’re in the middle of the action as conversations seem to drift from behind and beside you. The whole immersive system is founded on two large base woofers that literally make explosions rock the room. 

Wildlife lovers think they are in heaven at this Estate. The majestic American White Pelican migrates through here for months twice a year. River otters play in the backyard and have a den at the waters edge on this property. Baby foxes frolic in the rock garden. If you hang out on the back porch for a while you can see Ospreys diving for fish into the lake right in front of you. Cormorants amuse you by ducking into the water and swimming out of sight until they catch a fish and come up to show you what they got and swallow it whole. Great Blue Herons and White Cranes hunt on the shore constantly. Other animals that wander through from time to time: ground hogs, raccoons, opossums, deer, turtles, the Florida softshell turtle (which will beat you in a footrace!), red-tailed hawks and even the occasional bald eagle.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Scott
Host User ID: 15276022
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/15276022
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We built the Kairos house from 2014 to 2016 and lived in it for seven years. It was so fun and unique that we wanted to share it with others. 

As a family we love to travel the world. Our favorite places are France and Iceland. 

We are adding treehouses and hobbit holes and unique tiny homes to our Airbnb portfolio. Check back soon for more really unique stays!
Born in the 60s
My work: Internet Marketing
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
118 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting