URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1056126306035378134
Latitude: 36.1552
Longitude: -86.7755
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Poolside Suite @ The Burnham!

⭐️ "Beautiful pool. Would not hesitate to book this place again."

-  Poolside unit: floor-to-ceiling windows face the pool
-  Walk-in closet doubles as a lighted makeup station
-  Garage parking $30/night, unlimited in/out
-  Sleeps 6: 1 Luxe King + 2 cozy queens
-  Luxe sheets & WAY too many throw pillows & blankets
-  In-unit washer & dryer

Common Areas: Year-round pool, grills, firepits, fitness center w/ power rack & yoga studio

The space
Dive right into your Nashville adventure at the Poolside Suite @ The Burnham

⭐️ "My stay at Kevin's Airbnb was excellent from start to finish. The space was exactly as described clean, comfortable, and well maintained. The check-in process was smooth..."

⭐️ "My bestie and I personally loved the small glam room! We used it everyday to get ready. It was a nice touch."

⭐️ "Great spot in Nashville and location in the building close to the elevator and on the ground level to the pool. Looks as the pictures show."

⭐️ "Was in town for our daughter's 21st birthday. Very walkable to Broadway and the attractions. Felt very safe in and around the building. Plenty of room for me, my wife, our daughter and 3 friends."

⭐️ "We will absolutely be coming back to stay for future trips!..."

We're Superhosts with 3 years and 300+ reviews across our Burnham units, a 100% response rate, and we typically reply within 15 minutes.

THE DWELLING:
A downtown Nashville home designed rather than furnished. A charcoal accent wall and gold-framed bed in the private bedroom, navy velvet headboards and blush accents in the living space, and a walk-in closet that doubles as a lighted getting-ready station with seating, so nobody waits on the bathroom. Sleeps 6 across a king in the bedroom and two queens in the living space, so everyone gets a real bed instead of a pull-out. High-speed Wi-Fi, blackout curtains, an in-unit stackable washer and dryer, an eat-in counter that doubles as a workspace, a fridge with water and ice dispensers, and a gourmet kitchen stocked with cookware, dishware, and glassware for a group.

A note on the layout: the living space is a second sleeping room with two queens, not a lounge. There's nowhere to sit and relax except on a bed. It works well for families with teens and for groups splitting a stay. Your hangout space is the building's: a year-round heated pool, courtyard fire pits, a sky lounge, and the 2-story Collective. Free building Wi-Fi reaches all of it, so the lobby lounges and sky deck seating work as a change of scenery if you're working.

POOLSIDE SUITE:
This is the unit people request by name. Floor-to-ceiling windows run level with the pool deck, so the water fills the view from inside. You're on the pool level, which means no elevator ride to grab coffee by the water in the morning or claim a chair before the deck fills up. The main elevator is steps from your door, which makes coming and going easy on a busy weekend.

You're close enough to walk everywhere downtown and the building's social side is right outside your door.

ARRIVAL & DEPARTURE:
Check-in is 4pm, check-out is 10am, but you don't have to wait around with your bags. Tell us your arrival/departure time and we'll grant building access at no charge on both days, so the lounges, courtyard, pool, and gym are yours early and late. Early check-in and late checkout at $30 per hour, up to 2 hours each, subject to availability. A third-party bellhop service operates in the lobby and holds luggage for $5.25/piece so you can explore downtown.

PARKING (Upon Request):
Garage parking is available upon request at a flat $30 per night, with unlimited in and out. No paying again every time you come back. Your space is in the building's basement garage, steps from an elevator that takes you straight to your floor. Smartphone gate access and a parking permit for your vehicle are provided. Clearance is 6'8". We'll send your space number and permit before arrival.

NEARBY:
Country Music Hall of Fame: 6-minute walk
Bridgestone Arena: 8-minute walk
Broadway Music Row: 10-minute walk
Ryman Auditorium: 10-minute walk
Local Grocery-DXG: 10-minute walk
Ascend Amphitheater: 15-minute walk
Nissan Stadium: 18-minute walk
Vanderbilt: 12-minute drive
Airport: 15-minute drive
Grand Ole Opry: 22-minute drive

BUILDING AMENITIES shared with guests in the building:
-  Outdoor pool, open year-round (10am - 8pm)
-  Outdoor courtyard with fire pits & gas grills (10am - 10pm)
-  Pool and courtyard are both entered from the 2nd floor
-  2-level fitness center & yoga studio
-  Climbing wall, treadmills, spin bikes
-  Sky lounge with deck & city views
-  The Collective: 2-story hangout & work
-  Free building Wi-Fi throughout common areas
-  On-site maintenance
-  On-site concierge & security

This is an Airbnb Friendly Apartment Community, so we're here with the building's blessing and you're a welcome guest, not someone sneaking past a doorman.

DISCLAIMER

While amenities like the pool, gym, Collective, courtyard, and Skydeck are available to all Burnham guests, we have no control over their maintenance, repair, or availability. In the event that any of our building amenities become unavailable for guests, we assume NO RESPONSIBILITY for any inconveniences prior to or during your stay. By making your reservation, you acknowledge this disclaimer regarding our building amenities and agree that unavailability will not be grounds for a refund or cancellation of your reservation.

Embark on your Nashville adventure and book your stay today!

Permit #2018070933

Guest access
Keyless entry via the DOOR smartphone app (formerly Latch), with access for every guest in your group.

The entire apartment is yours, plus full access to all building amenities.

The building is fully secured, gates and all, which is part of why solo travelers tell us they feel comfortable here.

Building amenities and common spaces are shared with other guests in the building.

Other things to note
NOISE:
This is the liveliest unit we have, and that's the point. You're on the pool level with the deck just outside and the main elevator steps from your door, so you'll hear the building around you, especially on weekend afternoons. You'll also hear hallway foot traffic and the unit above you. The Burnham is a modern build and sound carries. If quiet is your priority, ask us about our courtyard-facing units, which sit further from the pool and the elevators. Building quiet hours are 10pm to 7am and the on-site concierge responds quickly, usually within minutes.

BALCONY:
The balcony is a Juliette balcony, meaning the doors open to a railing rather than onto a deck or patio. Even though you're level with the pool deck and right alongside it, there is no gate or step out from the unit. Pool access is through the building entrance on the 2nd floor, a short walk from your door.

BUILDING ACCESS APP:
The DOOR app takes a few minutes to get the hang of, since it controls the building doors, garage, and elevator separately. Read the options carefully so you're unlocking the right one, and keep your phone charged. We send full step-by-step instructions and a tutorial link before arrival, and we're quick to answer if anything is unclear.

AIR CONDITIONING:
The A/C is maintained by the building rather than by us. On especially hot and humid days you may hear it dripping in the utility closet by the kitchen, which is normal with the A/C running. If anything goes wrong during your stay, tell us and we'll open a request with on-site maintenance right away.

PARKING:
The garage entry gate swings outward, so stop back and let it open fully before pulling in.

Registration Details
2018070933

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kevin
Host User ID: 553033362
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/553033362
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Not a foodie, just a fatass
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: University of California, Riverside
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
353 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting