URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1703110058026092222
Latitude: 36.14283
Longitude: -86.76223
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay just 10 minutes from Broadway, Belmont University, and Vanderbilt University in this spacious 3-bedroom, 2.5-bath townhome, perfect for families, friends, bachelorette weekends, and group getaways. Sleeps up to 8 guests with 4 real beds, plus a fully equipped kitchen, fast WiFi, Smart TV, in-unit washer & dryer, and FREE on-site parking. Everything you need for a comfortable, unforgettable Nashville stay. Book your Music City getaway today!

The space
Welcome to Hart Suites Unit #6, your home away from home in Music City.

Located just 10 minutes from Broadway, this spacious 3-bedroom, 2.5-bath townhome is designed for families, friends, bachelorette weekends, concert trips, and group getaways. With room for up to 8 guests and 4 real beds, everyone can relax comfortably after a day exploring Nashville.

Comfortable sleeping for 8: 3 spacious bedrooms, 4 comfortable beds, 2.5 bathrooms. No air mattresses or couches everyone has a comfortable place to sleep.

Fully equipped kitchen: Everything you need to prepare breakfast before heading downtown or enjoy a relaxed dinner together after a day in the city. Includes full-size appliances, drip coffee maker, and cookware and essentials.

Stay connected: Enjoy fast WiFi throughout the home, stream your favorite shows on the Smart TV, or catch up on work if needed.

Washer and dryer: Private in-unit laundry makes longer stays simple and convenient.

Free parking: Enjoy complimentary on-site parking a rare convenience this close to downtown Nashville.

PRIME NASHVILLE LOCATION

Only minutes from many of Nashville's most popular attractions: Broadway and the honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, the Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame, Hattie B's Hot Chicken, Five Points Pizza, Centennial Park, Radnor Lake, and Nashville International Airport (BNA).

You'll be close to everything while still enjoying a peaceful place to unwind at the end of the day.

WHY GUESTS BOOK WITH US

Hosted by Nashville Nooks, a local boutique hospitality team committed to exceptional guest experiences. Fast communication typically within the hour. Professional cleaning before every stay. Easy self check-in with a secure smart lock. Local recommendations from people who know Nashville best.

Whether you need restaurant suggestions, activity recommendations, or assistance during your stay, we're always just a message away.

GOOD TO KNOW

Self check-in begins at 4:00 PM with secure keyless entry. No pets allowed service animals are welcome in accordance with Airbnb's accessibility policy. Quiet hours begin at 9:00 PM. Ideal for families and group vacations no parties or events. Exterior security cameras monitor the outside of the property for added security (never inside). Located on a lively neighborhood street, so occasional road noise may be heard. Homes in this community share a similar layout; furnishings and décor may vary slightly from the listing photos.

Nashville weekends sell out quickly during concerts, football games, festivals, and bachelorette season. Reserve your dates today and make Hart Suites Unit #6 your perfect Music City getaway.

Guest access
Guest Access:You'll have the ENTIRE townhome to yourselves all 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, full kitchen, living spaces, and in-unit laundry. No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group.

SELF CHECK-IN: Self check-in: your digital door code is sent by text/email 3 hours before check-in  just enter it on the smart lock keypad. A backup lockbox with a spare key is also on-site for emergencies. Message us anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking in the community lot (first-come, first-served) plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee maker everything in the home is yours to use from check-in to checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just a message away we typically respond within the hour if you need anything during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting