URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1027516925896975941
Latitude: 36.15523
Longitude: -86.77592
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This stylish place to stay is perfect for group trips. Inspired by the Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas, this glamorous space is a perfect mix of Nashville and Vegas. The damask wallpaper, metallic paint and unique art pieces set the “NashVegas” theme to a tee. A bachelorette’s Haven, walking distance to Broadway and all the local hotspots. The bedrooms do have CUT OUTS IN THE WALL.
Parking is $30 a night in gated parking garage, for one vehicle. Second vehicle is $30 a night
STR PERMIT2018073496

The space
Designed by local creatives,
this space screams “Nashvagas!” Glamorous wallpaper, loud art, chandeliers and modern furnishings wrap it up like a present waiting to be opened.

Condo Amenities 

-Complimentary WiFi 
-Stackable washer and dryer 
-Reserved, gated parking is available for one car 
$30 a night
-starter kit to get you going ( several Kcups 4 rolls toilet paper-1 roll paper towels-detergent)

The condo is located on the second floor with three elevators available on both sides and front of the building. 

KITCHEN & DINING 

Modern kitchen with stainless Steele, energy efficient appliances. Fully equipped with cooking necessities for a tasty Sunday brunch. Enjoy the coffee station, equipped with a Keurig, pods, creamer and sugar variety’s. 

LIVING AREA

Lounge on the modern sleeper sofa or blue velvet chairs while enjoying your favorite show on the 60 inch RoKu tv equipped with Netflix, Hulu, YouTube TV and more. The  silver and black damask wall, chandelier lamps and mirrored bar set the mood for a night on the town. 

BEDROOMS

The condo sleeps 8 comfortably. 

Master Bedroom 1 
King, modern black velvet bed with a comfy Casper mattress and cozy linens to snuggle up in. Cut out in wall 

Master Bedroom 2:

King, leather upholstered bed with a Casper mattress and cozy linens. Cut out in wall 

Queen sleeper sofa in living area with comfy memory foam topper. 

Air mattress 

BATH 1:

Equipped with a tall shower and stocked with complimentary toiletries 

Bath 2 :

Large garden tub and shower 
equipped with complimentary toiletries 

OUTDOOR AREA

Enjoy a cup of coffee on the cozy balcony furnished with a small table and two chairs. 

Burnham AMENITIES 

-Huge, fully equipped gym 
with a large rock climbing wall and yoga studio. 

-Swimming pool surrounded by a landscaped courtyard and grills.

Guest access
Guest will have access to one parking spot $30 a night if needed. Additionally, guest will have access to a sky Lounge, Pool, Fire Pits, Smoker-Style Grills
Event Space and a Two Level Fitness Center
Guest will need to provide their own pool towels.

Other things to note
Any issues call Michelle 
Guest will receive access to one parking spot  that’s $30 

Lost Parking pass will be $200

Please note this building is in the very heart of downtown Nashville. We are not responsible for any uncontrolled variables outside of this building such as noise, private or public events, construction, etc that may be happening outside at the time of your trip. We have no control of pool closures. This is a multifamily complex whose ownership controls the amenities/common areas and exterior/shared interior spaces and maintenance of appliances and interior physical conditions of the apartment (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, hvac, drywall, etc) and as such these items are out of our personal control. We are bound to abide by the building's protocol when it comes to maintenance issues and timelines to resolve. All other items we personally take care of. We strive to deliver a wonderful stay and experience on everything we can control within the apartment itself to ensure you have a fabulous time in Nashville,

Pool Rules
Airbnb guests will be required to show Airbnb reservation and only guests on the reservation will be allowed to enter pool area- please be sure you inform your guests of this to avoid any disappointment with being denied entry if not on the reservation. You will need to enter the pool area through the hallway on the 2nd floor that leads directly to the pool so that you can check in with pool monitor. Entry will not be allowed from the courtyard area, as the pool gets very busy at times and pool monitor simply can't manage people entering from several areas. The doors in the hallway that lead directly into the pool will remain locked going forward and pool monitor will allow you in. 

If at any time the pool reaches capacity, the pool monitor may enforce a time limit at their discretion to allow others to enjoy the pool as well. We ask that you are understanding of this and respectful to the pool monitor at all times or you will be asked to leave.

*Guest need to provide there own beach towels.**
• Pool hours: 10am-8pm - Courtyard hours: 10am-10pm
• No glass in the pool (including the pool deck). Use of paper or plastic containers only. 
$500 fine will be issued, and you will be banned from the pool. 
If you break glass in the pool its a $2000 fine. 
• Food is allowed at the pool deck but never in the pool.
• For the enjoyment of all residents, when using the pool or courtyard area, please keep noise levels to a minimum. Loud music is not permitted.
• Pets are not permitted in the pool or courtyard at any time. 
$250.00 fine will be issued, and you will be banned from the pool.
• No diving, dunking, running, pushing, rough play, or obscene language in the pool area. 
• Residents are allowed up to 2 guests and must remain with guests at all times.
• Airbnb guests will be required to provide proof of reservation and only guest names listed on the reservation will be allowed into the pool area. Airbnb guest who’s name the booking is under are considered “residents” for the purposes of the pool and amenities.
• Parties are not allowed.
• Video surveillance and access entry tracking is in place.
• Grills are first come first serve. Please be present at all times while using the grill and please clean the grill after your use. 
• Additional procedures may be put into place and posted upon entrance due to COVID-19

If late checking out without approval it’s $30 for every 30 minutes past 10:00

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Arthur
Host User ID: 545898468
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/545898468
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello I’m local who lives in Germantown and I just need to get away.
Born in the 70s
Where I went to school: University of Arkansas
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
3 years hosting
104 reviews
4.63 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting