URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/580706546401103757
Latitude: 36.1947
Longitude: -86.7561
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Private gym, Peloton, and sauna make The Traveller the perfect East Nashville retreat. This spacious 3-story townhome is just 7 minutes from Broadway and within walking distance of local restaurants, bars, and coffee shops. With easy access to downtown, 31 East, and the Opryland Convention Center, it's ideal for family vacations, group getaways, business travelers, and extended stays. 🏡

The space
Things you'll love: 
◆ Redesigned in March 2025
◆ Fitness area with Peloton bike, dumbbells, and sauna
◆ Ping pong table
◆ Walking distance to fantastic breweries and coffee shops, with easy access to top-notch restaurants
◆ Fully equipped kitchen for culinary creations and morning rituals
◆ Smart TVs in every bedroom, complemented by a 65-inch Frame TV in the living room
◆ Shuffleboard table
◆ Ample workspace with high-speed internet
◆ Ample street parking
◆ Rooftop oasis with ample seating, BBQ grill, and a cooler
◆ Dog friendly - $150 pet fee per stay for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions. 

Sleeping Arrangements:
First Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - Queen-on-Queen Bunkbed (2 Queen beds), Ensuite Bathroom. Additional twin rollaway bed with linen in closet. 

Second Floor:
◆ Bedroom 2 - Queen Bed
◆ Living room - Sofa Bed, Air Mattress

Third Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 3 - King Bed, Ensuite Bathroom
◆ Bedroom 4: Queen Bed, Ensuite Bathroom

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The Traveller for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
There is a train nearby that can run throughout the day and evening. Guests typically do not mention it, however if you are a light sleeper, it is something to be aware of!

Please note: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Favorite song in high school: Baby Blue, George Strait
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5415 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting