URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/19274453
Latitude: 36.1288
Longitude: -86.7882
rental_type: Entire bungalow
property_type: BUNGALOW
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Renovated 4 BR home in the Heart of 12th South Village 1.5 mls from down town, 1 mile from Belmont University,  a plethora of shops and restaurants on 12th.   Large dine out eating deck, an adorable mother in law suite / tiny house suite with (King bed x 2) - 1 retractable  (Loft Queen) and screened in porch with queen swing bed. Home boasts two kitchens, 2 screened in porches, 1 large deck for entertaining. 7 beds total, 2 comfortable single cots.  3 kings, 4 queens (1 loft) + 2 pull outs

The space
Within walking distance to restaurants, vintage stores, coffee houses, and our beautiful historical Sevier park. 3 min Uber ride to downtown, music row, Hillsboro village, 8th ave south, fine dining, casual dining, and coffee houses, markets.

  
This 4 Bedroom Home with 2 fully stocked kitchens has 1 large deck for gatherings, 2 screened in porches and seating areas (1 with a queen swing bed);  2 laundry areas and 3 smart tv's, hotel amenities, and crisp clean hotel bedding and new mattresses.  
Bedroom 1: Queen Bed with neighboring 1/2 bath with walk in shower.
Bedroom 2: "Dolly's room" : King Bed with luggage rack and upright piano.
Bedroom 3: 2 Queen Beds with large soaking tub and walk in shower Large Vanity Mirror all newly upgraded. 
Bedroom 4: Part of tiny house addition has 2 king beds (1 twin to King convertible bed) and the other King bedroom with en-suite shower; 1 Queen bed in loft area; and 1 Queen swing bed in private screened in porch area (with privacy curtains) and a small dining / bistro table (x2). 
Main home has a large eat in kitchen island with 4 bar stools and dining area table; a large sectional couch with a walk out deck with large picnic table to seat 8, 4 bar stools at bar area and additional patio seating with cushions.
There is a common area for quiet reading or visiting.
2 roll away beds.
There are 10 beds in total.  Max Occupancy is 12.  

DISCLAIMER:
-We do not allow pets re: attempting to keep all furniture and rugs clean, kindly remove your shoes.   You will not find a home closer to downtown and an entire weekend could be spent right here with several coffee shops.  We do not allow parties as to not disturb our neighbors as we consider it a privilege to share this home and our community.
-Additional guests outside of your confirmed guest count are not allowed on our property unless pre-approved PRIOR to your stay. -We have a zero tolerance policy on our property being used as a “home base” for parties or visitors to come & go.
-We have exterior cameras to verify who is entering our home.
-If you exceed your confirmed guest count, you will be asked to leave immediately and charged a $500 fine.
-Late Check out will incur a $250 fee. 
-Upon confirming your booking, you are subject to our House Rules, which include this disclaimer.
-We have a no shoe / cowboy boots etc. rule to preserve the integrity of our new white flooring and plush rugs all provided for a homey feel.  
-Damaged sheets, towels, and rugs etc. with makeup, soiled, blood stains etc., will incur the cost of replacing or professionally cleaning those items.
We welcome respectful  guests who are mindful of our neighbors and are looking for a perfect stay location and comfortable place to stay.

LUGGAGE DROP-OFF:
While we would love to be able to accommodate luggage drop off requests, there simply isn’t a ‘’holding area” in our home that wouldn’t interfere with our cleaners ability to move freely during their clean. We recommend you contact Stow Station.

The total price of the reservation is based on the nightly rate set by the host, plus fees or costs determined by the host or booking platform. Extra guest fee charged by some hosts for extra guests beyond a set number, which may fluctuate. This is at the discretion of the host. 

Notes
** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!
**Please note: Guests who stay 3 weeks or longer will incur an additional cleaning fee
→ Please note – this house is in a semi-residential area. If you’re looking for a property to host a rowdy group, this is not the right fit. Disturbing guests will be asked to leave. Absolutely NOT to be used as a place of business/pop up, or photography / videography related business of ANY kind, unless permission has been given and fees are incurred as agreed upon by host.

→ Our nightly minimums vary depending on the time of year and day of the week. Refer to our calendar for the most up to date availability and feel free to message us with any questions.

→ Check in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 11 am. If you’re looking to check in early or check out late, please inquire about an early check in/late check out. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that an early check in or late check out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after  4 pm.

→NO LUGGAGE DROPS **Please inquire about possible luggage storage options**

→ Regarding the house: Max occupancy is 12 people. Occupancy can NOT exceed this number of people in the house. There is central air. There is a dishwasher & an ice-maker. In total, there are 10 actual beds in the house (9 indoors); 3 king beds (1 twin to King), 4 indoor queen beds (1 in loft), 1 outdoor queen bed, a very large sofa;  and   toiletries, 3 hairdryers,  1 flat iron for hair, an iron, and ironing board are provided. A drip coffee maker, a French Press, and a Keurig as well as basic kitchenware, pots and pans for cooking is also provided.

→ Once booked, we will send you info about the property and the check in process. You will receive your code on the day of your arrival. This code will activate on your check-in day at 3 pm and deactivate at 11 am the day you check out.

→ For security and to maintain the integrity of the property and neighborhood, we have installed Ring cameras. Cameras are on the outside of the house only.

→ For tips on places to eat, things to do, & all things #Nashville refer to our digital welcome book

→ We have a short term permit for the house. You can find the Permit # in the captions of our pictures.

Access
Guests have access to entire place except for locked closets.

House Rules
*Check-in is anytime after 4:00 PM
*We do not rent to guests under the age of 25 unless accompanied by adults
*Do not enter any locked closets; doing so will result in a $500 fine
*Due to SEVERE pet allergies, please no requests to bring animals of any kind.
*Failure to follow our check-out instructions will result in an EXTRA fee
*NO glitter/confetti and NO decorations adhered to the wall and ALL decorations must be removed and disposed of before checkout (failure to do so will result in a $200 fee.
*We have a Remove Your Shoe Policy failure to do so and damaged carpets or floors will result in a $200 fee plus the cost to replace damaged carpets or flooring.

STREET PARKING IN FRONT OF HOME - FREE / First come First Serve
*No Parking in yard - re: citations

Other details:
Transit
Quick/cheap Uber/Lyfts to anywhere. 16 minutes from BNA Airport, 6 minutes to Broadway/Honky Tonks, 6 minutes to the Gulch. Walking distance to Belmont University, Belmont University and Village,  Hillsboro Village which boasts the famous Pancake Pantry and the Belcourt Theater as well as Jeni’s Splendid Ice Cream, Fido , Cabana, Fetch and lots of shops and boutiques.

12th South Eats - You could literally spend days shopping, browsing or trying out a variety of Eateries in this neighborhood. 
In our immediate neighborhood there are several restaurants to include:  Jeni's, Frothy Monkey Coffee House, Bar Taco, Taqueria De Sol, Burger Up, 12th South Tap Room, Ember Ski Lodge, 5 Daughter's Bakery, Mofiosa's, Edley's Barbque, Bottle Cap, The Cookery, Wanna Spoon Cereal Bar, The Butter Milk Ranch, White Bison Coffee Bodega and convenience store, Five Daughter's Bakery; Fine Dining: Jospehine's, Emory Wood Fire; Urban Grub, Locust, Epice, Heart's.

12 South Shopping - Finnleys, White's Mercantile, Outdoor Voices, Love Shack Fancy, Gorjana, Stoney Clover Lane, Buck Mason, Madewell, Imogene & Willie (Tailored onsight jeans); Reese Witherspoon's Draper James, Hero Boutique, Seredipity, Moda boutique, Savant Vintage, Emerson Grace, Marine Layer, Vinnie Louise, United Apparel Liquidators, Planet Cowboy,

Guest access
The entire home.

Other things to note
Check out time is 11 am.  Please refrain from early check in requests as we are preparing the home for the next visitors.   We remain firm Check in time is 3 pm and exit at 11:00 am all doors must be locked failure to check out at scheduled time or not locking doors will result in a 200$ fee.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨12 South Village Management⁩
Host User ID: 4283123
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/4283123
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Host and Property Manager for 10 years
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
190 reviews
4.72 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting