URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/34576589
Latitude: 36.1951
Longitude: -86.77175
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 20
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★★★ The price includes both homes ★★★ 

Experience the Best of Nashville – 2 Side-by-Side Homes with Movie Theater, Game Room, Rooftops & More!

The space
Looking for the perfect Nashville getaway for a large group or family? Look no further! Book both of these private 3-story homes side-by-side, offering 6 spacious bedrooms, 6 full bathrooms, and 2 half bathrooms. Enjoy two rooftop terraces, a private movie theater, game rooms, and luxury amenities in the heart of Music City – only 2 miles from Broadway! The price includes both homes, ideal for groups of up to 20 guests.

🏡 Property Highlights 🏡
6 Bedrooms, 6 Full Bathrooms, 2 Half Bathrooms – Comfortably sleeps up to 20 guests
20 Beds – Plenty of sleeping arrangements for large groups or families
2 Fully Equipped Kitchens – Includes coffee, tea, cookware, and all the essentials to make you feel at home ☕🍳
Movie & Game Room – Featuring a 100" movie screen and surround sound 🎬
2 Rooftops – Each with outdoor seating, TV, sunshade chairs, and stunning downtown Nashville views 🌆
8 Smart TVs – Watch your favorites on Disney+, Hulu, Netflix, and more 📺
High-Speed WiFi – Stay connected for work or play 💻📶
PlayStation 4 & Arcade Games – Fun for all ages! 🎮
Cornhole & Board Games – Challenge your friends or family 🎯🎲
WFH Desks – Perfect for remote work when needed 🖥️

🎬 Entry Floor – Entertainment Zone 🎮
Bedroom 1: Features 2 Full Beds and an ensuite bath for privacy.
UNIT A – Private Movie Theater:
100" Movie Screen with Surround Sound
8 Reclining Theater Seats
Access to Netflix, Disney+, Amazon Prime, Hulu, and more!
PlayStation 4, Beer-Pong Table, Arcade Games, and a giant selection of board games!
Electric Fireplace and Neon Lights for that true theater feel 🎥🍿
UNIT B – Private 2-Car Garage: Convenient parking space for guests. 🚗

🛋️ First Floor in each unit– Living & Dining 🍽️
Spacious Living Room: Comfortable seating for 10 with a Smart TV offering Disney+, Hulu, Netflix.
Fully Equipped Kitchens: With all the essentials, including coffee, cookware, and dinnerware 🍷🍴
Extra Sleeping: Two Queen Sofa Beds for additional guests.

🛏️ Second Floor in each unit– Bedrooms & Laundry 🧺
Queen Suite: 2 Queen Beds, Ensuite Bath, WFH Desk, Ergonomic Chair, Smart TV
Royal King Room: King Bed, Ensuite Bath, and Smart TV
Laundry Room: Washer & Dryer for added convenience.

🌆 Rooftop in each unit– Relax & Unwind 🌞
Outdoor Seating: Comfortable furniture and tables perfect for group gatherings
Hammock: Ideal for a relaxing afternoon
Sunshade Chairs & Beach Chairs: Enjoy the views of Nashville’s skyline from above 🌇
Outdoor TV: Watch your favorite shows or games under the sky
Smoking Area: Designated outdoor space
🛏️ Additional Sleeping Options 🛏️
If you need more sleeping space, you'll find 6 rollout beds and an air mattress in the closets. The 4 sofa beds in the living room can also be made into beds.

🚗 Parking 🚗
UNIT A: 2-Car Garage for secure parking.
UNIT B: Parking available parallel to the garage door.
Street Parking: Plenty of ample parking nearby.
Note: Please do not park in the driveway or block other units' garages.

🔑 Guest Access 🔑
The homes are exclusively yours for the duration of your stay, offering total privacy. Access is keyless, with a personalized code provided to you 48 hours before your arrival.

⚠️ Important House Rules ⚠️
No Unapproved Pets
No Smoking Inside
No Parties or Events

Nashville vacation homes, side-by-side rental Nashville, movie theater Nashville, game room with arcade games, rooftop with skyline view, family-friendly Nashville, group getaway Nashville, 2-car garage Nashville, vacation rental with PS4, Nashville Airbnb for large groups, high-speed WiFi, family fun Nashville, corn hole games, vacation home near Broadway Nashville.

📅 Book now and enjoy your ultimate Nashville experience! 🎶🍹

Guest access
The system will automatically generate a welcome message with all the access codes and information 48 hours prior to arrival.

Other things to note
★★★★ GREAT FOR LARGE GROUPS ★★★★
We own the whole complex. There are 5 side by side large beautiful NEW townhomes with the capability of holding up to 50 guests. Each house has 3 bedrooms and 3.5 baths. 2 of the units have movie theaters. We have accommodation that can fit any group size, so please inquire and we will find the best option for you!

Self Check-In: Enjoy the convenience of self check-in with keyless entry. You'll receive a secure access code prior to arrival.j

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Itay
Host User ID: 115173292
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115173292
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
In the past 6 years, we've been working with large groups and became experts in hosting bachelorette/bachelor parties, family reunions, corporate retreats, and weddings.
We know that guests are looking for an enjoyable and pleasant experience, so we carefully selected our homes' portfolio and designed each home with our guests in mind. All our properties have private open space, hangout areas, large bedrooms with plenty of comfortable beds and located close to all the hot spots The city has to offer.  
We are also locals with real-time availability. Please reach out to us with any questions about the property or any requests or recommendations.
Born in the 80s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
1374 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting