URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1364038827681908470
Latitude: 36.178
Longitude: -86.7561
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 6
beds: 14
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Two homes, two rooftop patios, and room for everyone make The Trillium & The Iris the ultimate Nashville getaway. These side-by-side East Nashville townhomes offer 6 bedrooms and 7 bathrooms, spacious open-concept living areas, rooftop patios with skyline views and firepits, fully equipped kitchens, and high-speed WiFi. Just minutes from downtown and Broadway, they're perfect for family reunions, group getaways, celebrations, corporate retreats, and extended stays. 🌆

The space
Welcome to an exceptional East Nashville escape, where two neighboring homes—The Trillium & The Iris—are available under one reservation. Located side by side, these uniquely decorated 3-bedroom, 3.5-bathroom townhomes provide the perfect setting for larger gatherings, whether you're celebrating with friends, hosting a family reunion, or planning an unforgettable bachelor or bachelorette party.

Two Homes, One Unforgettable Experience

What You’ll Love:
◆ Spacious side-by-side homes
◆ Ensuite bathrooms for each bedroom
◆ Prime Location just steps from Five Points & a quick ride to Downtown, Broadway, & the Ryman Auditorium.
◆ Spacious Rooftop Patios with cozy seating with firepit, dining table, cornhole, & skyline views.
◆ Fully-equipped Modern Kitchens with sleek appliances & essentials.
◆ Smart TVs in Living Rooms & several bedrooms – Log into your favorite streaming apps or cast from your phone.
◆ Central Heating & AC for year-round comfort.
◆ High-Speed Wi-Fi & Dedicated Workspaces.
◆ Garage parking available for four standard-size vehicles, plus ample street parking.
◆ Dog Friendly - $150 pet fee for up to 4 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions!

The Trillium
https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1333533432165153186
Welcome to The Trillium! Nestled in vibrant East Nashville, just minutes from downtown, this modern 3-bedroom, 3.5-bathroom home is designed for a seamless stay. Enjoy stunning skyline views from the rooftop with a firepit or unwind in the open-concept living area. With a perfect blend of style and convenience, this home promises an unforgettable experience.

Where you'll sleep at the Trillium: 
First floor: 
◆  Twin Bunk Bedroom + Ensuite Full Bathroom

Second (Main) floor: 
◆  Queen Bedroom + Ensuite Full Bathroom
◆  BONUS - Living Room Sofa Bed 

Third floor: 
◆  King Bedroom + Ensuite Full Bathroom & Twin Rollaway Bed

The Iris
https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1333533903354254410
Welcome to the Iris! Step into three stories of modern elegance and comfort, ideal for families, groups, or remote work getaways. The highlight of this home is the spacious rooftop patio, featuring breathtaking skyline views and cozy seating, perfect for morning coffee, evening cocktails, or stargazing. Inside, the open main floor seamlessly combines a sleek, fully equipped kitchen and an inviting living room with a large smart TV. With high-speed internet and dedicated workspaces, you’ll have everything needed for both productivity and relaxation. Parking is hassle-free with free street parking and an included garage. Located within walking distance of East Nashville’s lively Five Points district, you'll have easy access to renowned restaurants, bars, and shops. Downtown Nashville and the iconic Broadway attractions are just a short Uber ride away.

Where you'll sleep at the Iris: 
First Floor: 
◆ Two Queen Bedroom + Ensuite Full Bathroom

Second Floor: 
◆ BONUS - Living Room Sofa Bed 

Third Floor: 
◆ King Bedroom + Ensuite Full Bathroom & Twin Rollaway Bed
◆ King Bedroom + Ensuite Full Bathroom

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Pilates: 
Just a short drive away in the Wedgewood-Houston neighborhood is SŌLR Pilates, Nashville’s infrared hot mat Pilates studio. Guests staying in our homes receive 20% off studio classes and priority booking for private group sessions, perfect for bachelorette groups, birthdays, or a relaxing wellness experience during your stay.

Thank you for considering The Trillium & The Iris for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
These are two side-by-side homes, but there are no connecting doors between them.

Please note: Each home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

This East Nashville neighborhood is evolving, with a mix of newly built homes as well as some charming older developments that reflect the vibrancy of the area. It’s a community on the rise, offering a unique blend of urban convenience and neighborhood charm.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5412 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting