URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1590122147739388999
Latitude: 36.14604562177727
Longitude: -86.78332146747039
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 14
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This is where your Nashville trip finds its rhythm. Just minutes from Broadway, fully walkable to the Gulch, and perched above the city with uninterrupted skyline views, The Rowan by Elevay & Co. is built for groups who want to be close to everything — without giving up space, comfort, or style. This home is perfectly positioned to give your group plenty of space, easy walkable access to the Gulch and Broadway, and unobstructed skyline views of Nashville.

The space
Inside, the home feels open, modern, and intentional. 13 beds are spread across a layout that actually works for groups, so everyone has room to reset while still staying connected. Mornings start slow in the living room, light pouring in, coffee in hand. The kitchen is made for gathering — whether that’s a quick breakfast before heading out or a late-night bite after the city winds down.

Then there’s the rooftop. Fire pit lit. Skyline wide open. Nashville stretching out in every direction. This is where nights linger longer — drinks on the table, conversations rolling, and no one checking the time because there’s nowhere else you need to be.

Nothing here is accidental. From the way the space flows, to the rooftop setup, to the details that make group trips easier without drawing attention to themselves — The Rowan by Elevay & Co. was designed so you can focus on the people you came with. Friends, family, milestone weekends — this is the place that sets the tone and stays with you long after you leave.

What You’ll Love
🌇 Rooftop lounge w/ fire pit, amazing views & golden hour sunsets.
👟 Located in the Gulch, walkable to coffee shops, restaurants, bars, and more.
🛏️ Sleeps 12 comfortably across 4 bedrooms + 13 beds total
☕ Fully Stocked Coffee Bar for your perfect morning coffee
🍽️ Chef’s kitchen w/ all your kitchen basics from a toaster to blenders.
🎶 Just minutes from Broadway, Downtown, 12 South, Music Row, and more!
🚗 Garage parking + free street parking
✅ Early check-in & late check-out when available

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (4BR, 4BA, 13 Beds)
Level 1 (Where the garage & front door are):
Bedroom 1 - Queen bed + full trundle (1Q, 1F)

Level 2 (with the living room + kitchen):
Bedroom 2 - 2x Queen/Twin Beds - bunks (2Q, 2T)

Level 3 (with laundry):
Bedroom 3 - 1 Full + Twin Daybed (1F, 2T)
Bedroom 4 - 2 Queens + Twin Daybed (2Q, 2T)

Each bedroom has an ensuite bathroom.
4 full bathrooms so no one’s waiting in line!

Mornings at The Rowan start at the coffee bar. Whether you're an early riser or recovering from a night on Broadway, you’ll find everything you need to fuel your day. Offering both options for either Drip or Keurig brewers, with creamers, syrups, and all the fixings. It's your own personal cafe. 

Fully loaded kitchen includes sleek stainless steel appliances, toaster,  blender, all the cookware / utensils, and more. 

🏙️ Location Highlights:
🛻 Walkable to the Gulch / Edgehill
🛍️ 5 min to 12 South
🍴 5 min to Broadway’s honky-tonks & nightlife
🏈 9 min to Titans Stadium & TopGolf
✈️ 14 min to BNA Airport
🎶 20 min to Grand Ole Opry
You’ll be in the perfect spot to explore — without the chaos of being in the middle of it all.

☕ Walkable Neighborhood Gems
Sunda (asian fusion)
Osa Coffee Roasters (coffee shop)
The Well Coffeehouse (coffee shop)
LalaLand Coffee (coffee shop)
Barcelona Wine Bar (restaurant)
L.A. Jackson (rooftoop bar)
Golden Sound (speakeasy vibe bar)
Biscuit Love Gulch (breakfast)
& SO MUCH MORE!!

🚗 Parking
2 spots in the attached garage & free street parking directly in front
Well-lit & easy access.

WE DO NOT RENT TO LOCALS; IF YOU ARE A LOCAL PLEASE INQUIRE BEFORE ATTEMPTING TO BOOK.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge,  kitchen, living area, bedrooms, and bathrooms. Please note this is an attached townhome.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

STRP#2018034051

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting