URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1368849009700886691
Latitude: 36.1515
Longitude: -86.7782
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience luxury in the HYVE building. Spacious Penthouse condo w/ a City view in an unbeatable location - walk to Broadway and the Gulch for endless food & shopping. This upscale building has a pool with outdoor seating, cabanas, fire pit, gym + common areas to work from. Enjoy your coffee on our huge private corner patio. Only 0.5 mi to Broadway & 0.6 mi to the Gulch! Parking available in a garage connected to the building. Relax after exploring the city's best restaurants, bars & live music.

The space
HIGHLIGHTS:

★ Walk to Downtown Nashville Broadway Bars
★ City view
★ 1 King Bed, King-over-King Bunk Bed, 1 Sleeper Sofa
★ High ceilings, large windows, and premium furnishings throughout
★ Private patio with outdoor furniture
★ Brand new pool with lounge chairs, cabanas, and a fire pit
★ State-of-the-art fitness center with Peloton equipment
★ Common space in the building to work or lounge at
★ Highly Secure building with key code entry
★ Free Luggage storage available at the building from 10a - 4pm Thursday through Sunday
★ Free parking in the attached garage. Please note this is on a first come, first serve basis. 
★ Air purifier machines in the condo
★ Smart TV in the living room 
★ High-speed wifi
★ Remote control blinds throughout 
★ Washer/Dryer in the condo
★ Steamer for your clothing
★ Tons of natural light
★ Dining Table + Kitchen island with plenty of seating
★ Fully equipped kitchen for all of your cooking needs
★ Coffee maker + coffee
★ Hassle-free check-in with no keys, just codes
★ Elevator in the building
★ Walking distance to the Gulch, Music City Hall of Fame, Downtown Broadway Bars
★ Hair dryers, shampoo, conditioner and body wash provided
★ Plenty of closet storage space for your clothes & other items
★ Central AC + Heat
★ Sound machine in the bedrooms
★ Full length mirrors

BEDS:
Bedroom 1: King Bed (upstairs, includes a half wall)
Bedroom 2: King-over-King Bunk Bed (main floor)
Living Room: Sleeper Sofa

BATHROOMS:
Bathroom 1: Full size with shower/tub combo and double vanity connected to Bedroom 1
Bathroom 2:  Full size with shower/tub combo and double vanity in the hallway next to Bedroom 2

This brand new luxury condo is impossible to beat - two spacious bedrooms, private corner patio, pool, gym, walking distance to downtown, and all the high-end furnishings/supplies you could need for the ultimate stress-free stay. Highly sought-after and extremely secure, this building is located in the heart of Nashville's rich musical history and endlessly expanding food & entertainment options. Steps from Downtown and the Gulch - just 0.5 mile walk to the Country Music Hall of Fame, Broadway's endless restaurants, and honky tonks with live artists every night. Catch a show at Bridgestone Arena, or the infamous Ryman Auditorium, both of which are a short 15 min walk! Located across the street from Jack White's record store and music venue, Third Man Records. You simply cannot beat these luxury accommodations or this location.

Walk To (alphabetical order):

★ Ascend Amphitheater
★ Bridgestone Arena (Predators)
★ City Winery Nashville
★ Country Music Hall of Fame
★ Fifth & Broadway food hall and shopping
★ Frist Art Museum
★ Germantown
★ Hard Rock
★ Honky Tonks
★ Listening Room Songwriter Cafe
★ Music City Center (Convention Center)
★ Shopping in the Gulch neighborhood's local boutiques like e.Allen and Rustler Hat Co.
★ Restaurants such as Biscuit Love, Husk, Martin's BBQ, Oak Steakhouse, Peg Leg Porker BBQ, Superica, Two Hands, Wildhorse Saloon and numerous others!
★ Ryman Auditorium
★ Schermerhorn Symphony
★Titans Stadium
★ Third Man Records
★ Yeehaw Brewing Co.

Guest access
All information will be given after your reservation is made, including address and access instructions. There is a keypad entry, so checking in is hassle free!

Other things to note
Check in is at or after 4pm, and check out is at or before 11am. Free parking in the attached garage. Please note this is on a first come, first serve basis. It is not guaranteed. Nashville is growing quickly! There may be some construction around the area. We are located near an active train, which you will be able to hear. We provide sound machines in the unit. The bedroom upstairs has a partially open wall, as can be seen in the photos. There is plenty of privacy though.

Early check in times selected through the app are not applicable. If you would like early check in, you must message us.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amy
Host User ID: 416033925
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/416033925
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I am an experienced Airbnb host. I have been renting out homes through Airbnb for over 15 years. My team and I are excited to host you and make this a memorable trip. If there's anything we can do to make your stay more enjoyable, please don't hesitate to reach out!
Fun fact: I love to travel and meet new people!
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
11394 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting