URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1234081179315892462
Latitude: 36.126390803673814
Longitude: -86.7729679953418
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 11
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Pink Jukebox is a professionally redesigned 2025 Nashville retreat for group getaways, with four themed bedrooms featuring two king beds and six queen beds. Gather around the karaoke stage, six-mirror glam station, record player, board games, and covered deck with TV, seating, and a fire pit. Broadway is about 10 minutes away; 12 South is about 4 minutes away.

The space
Made for celebratory weekends, family reunions, and groups seeking a stylish Nashville stay, this detached three-story home has no shared walls, custom murals, neon accents, and photo-ready themed spaces.

• Floor 1: An open living and dining area, a fully equipped kitchen with cookware, complimentary coffee and tea, and a dining table for 10. Additional seating is available at the island and in front of the 14-foot custom Cowgirl mural. A half bath completes this level. 
• Floor 2: The TSwift Room has a king bed, en-suite bath, and large walk-in closet. The Mural Room has a king bed, and the Bunk Room has two queen beds. This floor also includes a full bath and free in-unit washer and dryer. 
• Floor 3: The Dolly Room has two queen beds. The vaulted-ceiling loft includes a TV, karaoke stage, six large LED glam mirrors, and getting-ready stations. A full bath opens onto the covered deck, furnished with two couches for up to 10, a TV, custom lighting, neon signage, bistro lights, and a fire pit.

For downtime between outings, enjoy smart TVs in the bedrooms and common areas, a 65-inch HDTV with YouTubeTV, Chromecast, a record player, life-size games, and board games. Fast Wi-Fi, Ethernet, a dedicated workspace, central air conditioning and heating, blackout curtains, and room-darkening shades help make longer stays comfortable. A Pack ’n Play and children’s dinnerware covers are also available.

Dates Booked? Check out our other listing The Vinyl Suite for availability!

Permit#2025-01-05-620

Guest access
You’ll have the entire home and a private entrance to yourselves, including the two-car garage. Parking accommodates three cars total: two in the garage and one behind the house.

The supply closet off the kitchen remains locked and is off-limits; every other corner of the home is yours to enjoy. Self check-in is available via smart lock.

Other things to note
Exterior security cameras are present for a secure and respectful environment, though they are not actively monitored. Luggage drop-off and long-term stays are available.

If your dates are unavailable, ask about the host’s other listing, The Vinyl Suite. 

Permit #2025-01-05-620

Neighborhood Respect: Our home is nestled on a quiet dead end street that is home to local businesses and residents. We kindly ask you to respect the local community by observing outdoor quiet hours between 10 PM and 7 AM. Treat our neighborhood as you would your own for a harmonious experience.

Party and Event Policy: To ensure everyone's enjoyment, please note that parties and events are strictly not allowed, though we welcome Bachelorette and Bachelor groups.

Local Guest Policy: To maintain the quality and security of our properties, we have a special policy for local guests residing within 60 miles of Nashville. If you're a local, please send us an inquiry or a request to book for pre-approval before making your reservation. This helps us ensure a great fit for both our guests and our properties. We appreciate your understanding and look forward to possibly hosting you!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andrea
Host User ID: 303945447
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/303945447
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
150 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting