URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1065529178348346449
Latitude: 36.1537
Longitude: -86.7752
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 4
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a stylish experience at this centrally-located 1BR place in Downtown Nashville 🎶. Enjoy a stay in this versatile SUITE for two or small family of a few 😊.

Whether you are in town for some relaxing or off to explore the city, this stylish SUITE offers an amazing central location, rooftop pool to lounge in and city views during your stay!

●1.5 Blocks to Bridgestone
●2.5 Blocks to Broadway
●1 mile to Titan Stadium & Ascend Theatre
●3.5 Blocks to Ryman Auditorium
STRP#2022050591

The space
This beautiful SUITE is furnished with versatility in mind and comes complete with plenty of space for just two or a group of 4.

The main living area and kitchen is a wide open space perfect for gathering! The living room is furnished with a cozy couch which also a very comfortable sleeper. It’s the best of both worlds. Plenty of seating by day that converts to additional sleep space at night! Plenty of extra pillows and linens are provided!

The unit is located on the 8th floor with access to all of our great amenities!

●Rooftop Heated Pool
●Commercial Fitness Center
●Indoor & Outdoor workspace
●Pool Table & Indoor Sky Lounge
●1 Queen Bed
●Plush bedding

This beautiful suite is located on the 8th floor in the heart of Downtown Nashville! This luxurious and cozy Suite is fully furnished with (1) Queen size bed (2) Twin size beds (memory foam), (1) Twin Size roll away bed that can accommodate up to 4 guests comfortably and with versatility in mind. In this luxury Suite, you can enjoy additional amenities and plenty of seating by day that converts to additional sleep space at night that will make your stay feel just like home!

★ LIVING AREA ★
Relax and unwind in the bright, open living space and comfortable seating designed with comfort in mind. The TV comes loaded with streaming apps like Amazon Prime Video, Apple TV, Disney+, HBO Max, Hulu, YouTube and Netflix (You will be able to log into your own account) to keep everyone entertained. There is even a workspace for you to utilize should you need it.
✔ Luxurious Lounge
✔ Smart TV
✔ Workspace
✔ Open Space Designed with Comfort In Mind

★ KITCHEN & DINING ★
The kitchen comes fully equipped with everything you would need to cook up all your favorite meals from the built in oven and microwave to the spacious stainless steel fridge/freezer.
You’ll have access to quality cookware, dinnerware and utensils along with a coffee maker to get your day started right and all the cooking essentials you would need right at your fingertips.
✔ Stainless Steel Appliances - Fridge/Freezer, Oven, Microwave
✔ Coffee Maker
✔ Cookware, Dinnerware & Utensils

★ BEDROOM & BATHROOM ★
Within this luxury Suite, you’ll find a comfortable queen bed and queen sofa topped with soft, quality linen along with plenty of space for you to unpack and make yourself at home. This luxury Suite comes with a well thought-of open living space and decors that brighten the entire room and makes you feel comfortable the moment you step in.
There is a lavish full bathroom that come stocked with all the essentials for your stay along with soft fluffy towels so you don’t have to worry about a thing.
✔ Queen Bed, Pillows, Night Stands
✔ Luxurious Full Bathroom
✔ Soft Fluffy Towels
✔ Soap, Shampoo, and Body wash

★ OUTDOOR LIVING AND ACTIVITIES ★
On a beautiful day in Downton Nashville, step out by the rooftop pool where you can enjoy the view, the fresh air and a lounging area with comfortable chairs and patio available to you. There is also a pool table to add to the entertainment!

This place is complete with indoor and outdoor lounge and workspaces should you need some work done or just simply want to lay back.

If you are into health and fitness, this place offers a commercial fitness center with an array of equipment and free weights to complete your workout!
✔ Rooftop Heated Pool
✔ Pool Table & Indoor Lounge
✔ Cozy Patio
✔ Indoor & Outdoor Lounge and Workspace
✔ Commercial Fitness Center

So if you are looking for somewhere special for your next vacation or just a weekend away just steps from Broadway, exquisite restaurants and bars, and everything Downtown Nashville has to offer, look no further than this charming, luxurious suite that offers a thoughtful design packed with amenities for everyone to enjoy.

***** and MUCH MORE *****

Our mission is to make sure that your stay in our jungle suite become an unforgettable and amazing experience.

Our goal is to make our beautiful suite be the reason for your decision to travel and visit our city as well as be your home away from home.

★ FUN PLACES AND ATTRACTIONS NEARBY WITHIN 30 MINUTES FROM THE PROPERTY ★

- Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum: Showcases the history and impact of country music with exhibits, artifacts, and interactive displays.

- Ryman Auditorium: Historic music venue known as the "Mother Church of Country Music," hosting concerts and events.

- The Parthenon at Centennial Park: A full-scale replica of the Parthenon in Athens, serving as an art museum and park centerpiece.

- Belmont Mansion: A stunning historic mansion offering tours and insights into 19th-century life.

- Frist Art Museum: An art museum housed in a beautiful historic building featuring rotating exhibitions and diverse art collections.

- Tennessee State Capitol: The seat of Tennessee's government, an architectural and historical landmark.

- The Gulch: A trendy neighborhood with shops, restaurants, and vibrant nightlife.

- Music Row: The heart of Nashville's music industry, featuring recording studios, record labels, and iconic establishments.

- The District: Nashville's downtown entertainment district, renowned for live music, bars, and restaurants.

- Nashville Farmer's Market: A bustling marketplace with local produce, artisanal goods, and international cuisine.

- Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park: Commemorates Tennessee's bicentennial with a plaza, monuments, and educational elements.

- Tennessee State Museum: Showcases Tennessee's history, art, and culture through exhibits and collections.

- Cheekwood Estate & Gardens: A historic mansion surrounded by beautiful botanical gardens and art installations.

- Nissan Stadium: Home of the Tennessee Titans NFL team, hosting football games and events.

- Nashville Zoo at Grassmere: A family-friendly zoo with various animal exhibits and interactive experiences.

- Adventure Science Center: A hands-on science museum with interactive exhibits and planetarium shows.

- Ascend Amphitheater: An outdoor amphitheater along the Cumberland River, hosting concerts and events.

- Shelby Bottoms Nature Center & Greenway: A nature center and green space offering trails and outdoor activities.

- Belle Meade Plantation: A preserved antebellum estate with tours and insights into Southern history.

- Lane Motor Museum: Showcases a unique collection of rare and antique cars from around the world.

Guest access
Our key fob system gives you direct access to all amenities and the peace of mind of a safe & secure building.

Please note that the property will require Scan to Pay for secured parking upon arrival. Our parking garage will give you direct access to the lobby to pick up your keys from the "Key Cafe" and you can head up to the suite to enjoy your stay!

Please also keep in mind that we have a ZERO tolerance policy on any violations of all short term rental ordinances and our house rules. No over occupancy - the occupancy listed on the agreement is the only occupancy allowed in the property. No additional guests allowed at any time.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Caressa
Host User ID: 114350271
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/114350271
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Port Orange, Florida
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
4 years hosting
121 reviews
4.72 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting