URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1637934428615410153
Latitude: 36.14598
Longitude: -86.78518
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 13
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Newly designed gulch party home!

The space
Gulch Party Home • 4BR • 13 Beds • Private Rooftop Skyline Views

Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway in the heart of The Gulch, one of the city's most vibrant and walkable neighborhoods. This spacious 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom home with 13 beds was designed specifically for large groups, family gatherings, and unforgettable trips with friends. With a private rooftop overlooking the Nashville skyline, this home is the perfect place to relax, celebrate, and experience Music City.

★ Prime Location – The Gulch
Stay just minutes from Nashville’s best restaurants, nightlife, and attractions. Walk or take a short Uber ride to Broadway, live music venues, rooftop bars, and some of the city’s most popular spots.

Approximate distances:
• 3 minutes to The Gulch restaurants & shopping  
• 5 minutes to Broadway / Downtown Nashville  
• 5 minutes to Bridgestone Arena & Nissan Stadium  
• 10 minutes to Music Row  
• 12 minutes to Nashville International Airport  

★ Perfect for Large Groups
This home comfortably accommodates large groups with 13 beds across 4 bedrooms and multiple living areas so everyone has space to relax.

• 4 Bedrooms  
• 4 Bathrooms  
• 13 Beds  
• Sleeps large groups comfortably  
• Spacious living room for gathering  
• Fully equipped kitchen  
• Fast WiFi throughout the home  

★ Private Rooftop with Skyline Views
One of the highlights of the home is the private rooftop deck featuring stunning views of the Nashville skyline. It’s the perfect place to enjoy morning coffee, sunset drinks, or late-night conversations with friends while overlooking the city.

★ Fully Equipped Kitchen
Cook meals, mix cocktails, or enjoy takeout from Nashville’s best restaurants. The kitchen includes everything you need:
• Full-size refrigerator  
• Stove & oven  
• Microwave  
• Coffee maker  
• Cookware & utensils  

★ Designed for Nashville Trips
Whether you're visiting for a bachelorette party, bachelor trip, birthday celebration, family vacation, or a weekend with friends, this home provides the perfect combination of location, comfort, and space.

★ Amenities
• Private rooftop with skyline views  
• Smart TVs  
• High-speed WiFi  
• In-unit washer & dryer  
• Central heating & air  
• Fresh linens and towels  
• Self check-in  

★ Guest Access
Guests will have access to the entire home, including the private rooftop deck. Easy self check-in instructions will be provided prior to arrival.

★ Why Guests Love This Home
✓ Prime Gulch location  
✓ Ideal for large groups  
✓ Private rooftop skyline views  
✓ Quick access to Broadway nightlife  
✓ Spacious layout with plenty of beds  

Come experience Nashville the right way — great location, great views, and plenty of space for your group to enjoy Music City together.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Guest access
Entire home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19408 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting