URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1394537319070362793
Latitude: 36.3494
Longitude: -86.5234
rental_type: Entire cabin
property_type: CABIN
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Gallatin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 6
beds: 18
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Retreat at Pilot Knob is a fully restored historic 3 home estate that was built in the early 1800's. The 3 acre lake front property is a sanctuary for peace and provides connection with nature along with a design that allows guest to easily connect with each other or slip away for some reflection in solitude. The property has the benefit of being conveniently located to local restaurants and shopping and only a 30 mile drive to downtown Nashville.

The space
The property features three log homes that each have their own unique charm, they sleep a total of 25 people, and are easily walkable to each other.

The Main Estate, "The Lodge of Pilot Knob," This 4,000sf, 3 bedroom cabin, sleeps up to 13 guests. The home sits on the front of the property with a lakeview in the front and is surrounded by trees along the back. The outdoor area features 3 covered porches and a side deck. The back covered porch is oversized and overlooks the in-ground salt water pool. This is the perfect place for large amounts of people to gather. The exterior also has ample outdoor seating, a fire pit, and grill.

The home is designed to provided spaces for connection and restoration for you and your guests. On the main floor, you can gather in the living room for great conversation or game, enjoy lounge time in the library, and there's plenty of room for everyone to eat a family-style meal around the big table in the dining room.

3 large bedrooms/3.5 bathrooms

Bedroom 1 – 1 king bed, 1 pullout couch

Bedroom 2- 2 queen beds

Bedroom 3- daybed that converts into king, twin over full bunk bed

Pass thru room- 2 futon couches (great for kids)

Bathrooms- all have tub shower combos

The Rose Cabin is loaded with historic charm! This Cabin sits on the front of the property and features a large covered front porch with a swing and lots of seating to enjoy the wildlife as they come through. This one-bedroom cabin sleeps up to 6 guests. On the main floor, you and your guests can gather in the living room for great conversation or game night, play music on the record player, and there's plenty of room for everyone to enjoy a meal around the table and kitchen bar.

1 large bedroom/1bathroom

Bedroom 1 – 1 king bed, 1 full bed, 2 futon chairs

Living room- pullout couch

Bathroom- soaker tub, and standup shower featuring double shower heads.

The Lake Cabin is filled with unique historic details combined with a relaxing water view! The Lake House sits on the back of the property and has a lake view and access for canoeing, as well as outdoor seating, a fire pit, and grill—perfect for an evening under the stars! This two-bedroom cabin sleeps up to 10 guests. On the main floor, you and your guests can gather in the living room for great conversation or game night, and there's plenty of room for everyone to eat a family-style meal around the big table in the eat-in kitchen.

2 bedrooms/1.5 bathrooms

Bedroom 1 - 2 Full over Full bunk beds

Bedroom 2 - 1 King bed, 1 twin bed with trundle

Bathroom- Stand up shower
Only 3.5 miles from Long Hollow

Other things to note
Pool closes for the season after Labor Day.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Diana And William
Host User ID: 352911753
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/352911753
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Diana & William Roberts are co-host. Their main role as co-hosts is to ensure that guests have an enjoyable and comfortable stay during their vacation. Despite being work adventurers who travel full-time in a RV, they are committed to providing excellent hospitality and nothing but 5-star service to their guests. They are enthusiastic about their job and work hard to ensure guests have an unforgettable experience.
Born in the 80s
My work: Work adventurers
3 years hosting