URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1469632942693293235
Latitude: 36.16484
Longitude: -86.83443
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Art Haus, where bold design meets endless fun! This 4-bdrm, 4-bath home blends speakeasy vibes with vibrant design, games, & entertainment—perfect for groups!

Drive the short 8 minutes to Lower Broadway and enjoy the world famous live country music and neon lights, walk to The Nations, or stay in & enjoy the karaoke, dance floor, private pool, pickleball court & more! With trendy cafés, bars, and live music nearby, plus endless fun inside, you may never want to leave!

The space
Experience the ultimate getaway at The Art Haus, a striking and colorful 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom home designed for entertainment and relaxation! With a karaoke and dance floor, a lounge room, and a sprawling backyard featuring a private pool, a professional pickleball court, a hot tub, a fire pit bar, and more, this home is a destination in itself!

Thoughtfully Designed Layout

❖ First Floor: Home to the speakeasy-inspired lounge with a shuffleboard table and an exciting karaoke and dance floor.
❖ Second Floor: Features an open-concept living, kitchen, and dining area, plus a stylish bedroom with an en-suite bath.
❖ Third Floor: Home to three additional bedrooms, each with its own private bathroom.

Unmatched Amenities

❖ Karaoke & Dance Floor: A vibrant mural, stage, microphones, and a foosball coffee table create the ultimate entertainment space where you can sing, dance, and make unforgettable memories!

❖ Speakeasy Lounge: A stylish and welcoming hideaway with elegant decor, comfortable seating, and a shuffleboard table—perfect for unwinding with a cocktail and enjoying great company.

❖ Living Room: A cozy yet modern space featuring a smart TV, a sectional sofa, a chaise lounge, a coffee table, and extra seating—ideal for relaxing after a day of exploring.

❖ Dining & Kitchen: An island-inspired dining table blends seamlessly with the kitchen, offering a spacious and inviting setting with eight counter stools for a contemporary dining experience. Plus, a separate kitchen island with four additional stools provides even more seating. The fully equipped kitchen is designed for culinary enthusiasts, featuring high-end appliances, cookware, and ample counter space—perfect for everything from morning coffee to gourmet meals.

❖ The Ultimate Backyard Experience

⬗ Private Pool: Take a refreshing dip or lounge poolside under the sun with comfortable loungers and umbrellas.
⬗ Pickleball Court: Serve, rally, and compete on your very own professional pickleball court—a rare perk that sets this stay apart!
⬗ Outdoor Seating & TV: Gather with friends or family in a stylish and inviting outdoor space, perfect for watching the big game or unwinding with a movie under the stars.
⬗ Fire Pit Bar: Cozy up with a drink around the fire pit, adding warmth and ambiance to your evenings.
⬗ Hot Tub: Relax and soak in the private hot tub, the perfect way to unwind after a long day.
⬗ Ping Pong Table: Challenge your group to a friendly game in this fun outdoor setting.
⬗ Plenty of Seating: Designed with comfort in mind, the backyard offers ample seating for conversations, dining, or simply enjoying the atmosphere.

Bedroom and Bathroom Details

⬗ Bedroom 1 (Second Floor): A luxurious retreat featuring a king bed, stunning accent wall, smart TV, and a private en-suite bath with a walk-in shower.

⬗ Bedroom 2 (Third Floor): This elegant room boasts a king bed, a stylish accent wall offering a touch of royalty, a smart TV, and an en-suite bathroom with a walk-in shower.

⬗ Bedroom 3 (Third Floor): Perfect for families or friends, this spacious room has two queen beds, a desk and chair for work or planning your adventures, and a private bathroom with double sinks and a standing shower.

⬗ Bedroom 4 (Third Floor): A fun and functional space featuring a queen-over-queen bunk bed, a desk and chair, and a private bathroom with a standing shower—ideal for group stays.

Fantastic Location

⬗ Walking distance to The Nations, a trendy neighborhood filled with top-rated restaurants, breweries, and boutiques, such as Frothy Monkey, 51st Deli, Nicky’s Coal Fired, Maru Nations, and Southern Grist Brewing Co, to name a few.
⬗ Nearby parks and green spaces, including England Park.
⬗ A short 10-minute drive to Downtown Nashville, where you can explore Broadway, live music venues, and iconic attractions.

A perfect mix of bold design and top-tier amenities, The Art Haus is your ideal home base in Music City. Whether you're planning a lively celebration, a relaxing getaway, or a bit of both, this vibrant retreat is designed to elevate your stay. From its striking interiors to its unbeatable entertainment options, The Art Haus offers an experience like no other!
Secure your stay today and make Music City your home away from home!

Guest access
During your stay, you'll have exclusive access to the entire home, including the expansive backyard, ensuring both privacy and a luxurious experience. From the moment you arrive, the space is yours to enjoy—whether you're relaxing in the peaceful ambiance or making memories with those closest to you. With no shared spaces, you can unwind in comfort and embrace the ultimate getaway!

Other things to note
ATTENTION LOCAL GUESTS: All locals must send an 'inquiry' first using the 'Message Host' option on the booking page to state the purpose of your visit, so we can check to see if we would be able to accommodate your stay; otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel any confirmed reservation made without our approval.

The heated pool fee is $100/night. The pool can be heated to about 20-25 degrees above the ambient temperature; please keep in mind that when the weather is cooler may not be as warm as you might expect. For example, if the ambient nightly temperature is only 55 degrees, then the pool might heat up to 75-80 degrees. We recommend that the pool be heated in the months between October to May each year. We require at least a 3-day notice before your arrival if you'd like the pool heated. The pool must be heated for the entirety of your stay.

Every Wednesday, the pool and spa company does come by the home to check the levels on the pool and spa and to clean and treat them. They typically come around 11am and won’t disturb you other than needing to access the back yard.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4599 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting