URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1569693620031525313
Latitude: 36.2009
Longitude: -86.7542
rental_type: Entire apartment
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Coal Miner's Daughter!

The space
Your modern Nashville retreat—a stylish multi-level escape designed for unforgettable moments with friends, family, or any group looking to make the most of their stay. With spacious bedrooms, plenty of bathrooms, and thoughtful touches throughout, this home is tailor-made for gathering, relaxing, and celebrating together.

Head up to the rooftop deck and kick back with oversized games like cornhole, giant Jenga, and Connect 4 while soaking in the city vibes. Step outside and you’ll find yourself just minutes from Nashville’s best dining, shopping, and entertainment. From the chic interiors to the unbeatable location, this spot has everything you need to create lasting memories.

House Layout & Amenities

1st Floor: Bedroom with queen bed and custom built-in twin bunks, Full bathroom with tub/shower combo (located in hallway), Main entryway, Double car garage

2nd Floor: Kitchen and living room, Access to full bathroom with tub/shower combo, Bedroom with queen bed and adjoining door to bathroom, Laundry area

3rd Floor: Primary bedroom with king bed, en suite bathroom (shower + double vanity), Bedroom with queen bed and adjoining door to hallway bathroom, Landing area with twin trundle bed, Access to bathroom with tub/shower combo

4th Floor: Open rooftop terrace, Entertaining space with large sectional seating area, Area for outdoor games

Parking

There are 2 spots available in the 2 car garage.

The Neighborhood

If you were looking for a laid-back, artsy section of Music City, you came to the right place. East Nashville is one of the coolest sections of the city and is a great place to stay. This historic neighborhood is a hub of arts, local music, award-winning dining, and craft beer. The east side is just across the river from downtown, and it's the perfect place to find local music, craft beer, boutique shopping, and incredible food.

Coffee Food and Drink

•	Flora + Fauna – 0.3 mi. A locally owned café and coffee roaster offering exceptional coffee and food prepared using local and seasonal ingredients. 

•	Meridian Street Café – 1.2 mi. A beloved spot known for its hearty Southern breakfasts and lunches, offering dishes like shrimp and grits and meatloaf with turnip greens.

•	Redheaded Stranger – 1.5 mi. A neighborhood taco shop serving fresh and delicious tacos, brisket, Hatch green chiles, and other southwestern-inspired foods. 

•	Kisser – 1.6 mi. A Japanese comfort food restaurant that has been recognized as one of the best new restaurants in the U.S. by The New York Times and Bon Appétit. 

•	Butcher & Bee – 1.8 mi. An Israeli-influenced restaurant offering sharable plates like whipped feta with fermented honey and crispy pork belly, with a focus on fresh ingredients.

Explore the Heart of Nashville

•	Germantown – 4 miles

•	The Gulch – 5 miles

•	Music Row – 6 miles

•	Downtown Broadway – 4 miles

•	Top Golf – 3 miles

•	Nissan Stadium – 3 miles

•	Bicentennial Park – 3 miles

•	Sounds Stadium – 4 miles

•	Bridgestone Arena – 4 miles

•	Midtown/Vanderbilt – 6 miles

•	12 South – 8 miles

•	Nashville Airport – 11 miles

Iconic Nashville Venues

•	Marathon Music Works – 5 miles

•	Ascend Amphitheater – 5 miles

•	Grand Ole Opry – 8 miles

•	Opryland – 8 miles

•	Ryman Auditorium – 4 miles

Book Your Stay at Coal Miner's Daughter!

Gather your favorite people and experience Music City in style. Whether you’re planning a girls' getaway, a family reunion, or celebrating a special occasion, Coal Miner's Daughter offers the perfect space to relax, make memories, and enjoy Nashville's vibrant atmosphere. With cozy, stylish spaces, breathtaking views, and a location close to the heart of the city, your group will have everything you need to unwind and celebrate in comfort. Book now and create unforgettable moments at Coal Miner's Daughter!

Meet the Hosts

iTrip Nashville is a dedicated vacation rental company based in Nashville, TN. Our team is committed to providing a five-star experience for the guests we have the honor of hosting. From spotless spaces to seamless check-ins, we ensure that every detail is covered upon your arrival. We’re available 24/7 to assist as needed. Be our guests and allow us to help you create unforgettable memories in Nashville.

Love this property but your dates aren’t available? Reach out to us! We manage a variety of unique rentals across the area and would be happy to recommend another property that fits your needs.

Metro Nashville & Davidson County Short Term Rental Permit:  202100followedby5167

Other things to note
Please note that we may collect additional information from you after confirming your booking (usually an email address) in order to comply with local regulations and to provide the best possible experience.

Regulatory Information

20210_05167

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ITrip Nashville
Host User ID: 260899725
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/260899725
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
iTrip Vacations Nashville is a locally owned business that works very hard to provide world-class guest experiences for tens of thousands of guests each year.

Kevin and the entire iTrip staff loves all things Music City and enjoys interacting with visitors and creating wonderful memories for all who travel here or locals getting out and about. 

Please ask if you need anything.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
3663 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting