URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1440614319960265489
Latitude: 36.146
Longitude: -86.8134
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover modern luxury and unparalleled convenience in this charming 4-bedroom, 2-bath apartment, nestled in the heart of Nashville. You'll be ideally situated near Vandy, just steps from the iconic Parthenon and Centennial Park, and close to the vibrant energy of Broadway.

The space
Modern Nashville Retreat: Steps from Parthenon & More!
Experience the perfect blend of modern comfort and convenience in this charming 4-bedroom, 2-bath apartment, ideally located in the heart of Nashville. just steps from the iconic Parthenon and the lush green space of Centennial Park. Surrounded by local restaurants, cafés, music venues (Perfect for folks who want to be in the heart of one of Nashville's most vibrant neighbourhoods), and shops, you’ll be right in the heart of one of Nashville’s most walkable and vibrant neighborhoods.

This thoughtfully designed space offers a warm and inviting atmosphere, perfect for travelers seeking a cozy retreat after exploring Music City. Each bedroom features plush bedding, ample storage, and stylish decor, ensuring a restful stay. The two full bathrooms provide modern amenities and plenty of space for added comfort and privacy.

Sleeping Arrangements:
Bedroom 1: 2 Queen size beds
Bedroom 2: Queen size bed
Bedroom 3: Double bed
Bedroom 4: King size bed

📍 Location & Accessibility:
🌳 Step outside and discover one of Nashville’s most walkable and picturesque neighborhoods. Enjoy a morning stroll through Centennial Park, take in the full-scale replica of the Parthenon, or grab a bite at one of the nearby restaurants, cafés, music venues.
🎶 You're just a quick drive to Broadway’s iconic honky-tonks, The Gulch, Midtown, and Music Row.

🎶 Plus, you’re just a short drive from Broadway’s legendary honky-tonks, The Gulch, and Vanderbilt University.

🚶‍♂️ Please note, this is a third-floor unit with no elevators in the building. There are two small steps from the street to the front door and a full flight of stairs leading to the unit.

🚗 Parking: Shared parking is available in the back on a first-come, first-served basis, with ample street parking also nearby.

To help create a more restful environment, we’ve thoughtfully installed white noise machines to ensure a more comfortable stay.

This stylish and well-located apartment offers a comfortable and private home base for your Nashville adventure—perfect for business travelers, weekend getaways, or extended stays.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
2017047083

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mike
Host User ID: 152189800
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/152189800
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
5 months hosting