URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1664670785269379159
Latitude: 36.136916056328936
Longitude: -86.80315773539995
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Belcourt by AvantStay! Settle into a bright, design-forward studio in the heart of Hillsboro Village, where indie bookshops, café patios, and historic theater marquees sit just beyond your door.

🌿 Private balcony for morning coffee and golden-hour wind-downs
🍳 Full kitchen + in-unit laundry built for easy, longer stays
🚶 Walkable to Vanderbilt & Belmont, minutes to Broadway

The space
Tucked into Hillsboro Village, one of Nashville's most walkable and character-rich pockets, Belcourt drops you right beside the city's creative pulse while keeping a calm, residential feel just outside the door. This is the kind of neighborhood where mornings start with coffee and a slow stroll, and afternoons drift between indie bookshops, boutiques, and café patios.

This deluxe studio is built for exactly that rhythm. The open-plan layout keeps everything within easy reach — a comfortable sleeping and lounging space, a fully equipped kitchen stocked with the essentials, and a bright, airy feel courtesy of warm wood accents and curated artwork. Whip up a quick breakfast, plate a late-night bite after a night out on Broadway, or settle in to stream a movie without ever feeling boxed in.

The standout touch is your own private balcony — a quiet perch for morning coffee, a sunset wind-down, or a few minutes of fresh air above the village.

Step outside and Hillsboro Village unfolds around you. Grab a legendary stack at Pancake Pantry, linger over brunch at Biscuit Love, browse the local shops, or catch an indie screening at the historic Belcourt Theatre just up the block. Belmont Mansion and Belmont University sit a short walk east, Vanderbilt's campus and Music Row are minutes away, and downtown Nashville — with Broadway's honky-tonks, restaurants, and nonstop live music — is a quick 10-to-15-minute drive.

When you're back at the building, in-unit laundry, central heating and air, and thoughtful modern touches make longer stays feel effortless, while the shared outdoor terrace offers a relaxed spot to unwind, swap travel notes with fellow guests, or soak up a Nashville evening.

Whether you're in town for live music, a campus visit, a weekend escape, or a longer stretch, this Hillsboro Village studio plants you in the middle of the action — walkable streets, local flavor, and the city's signature energy always just beyond your door.

While all units provide the same great amenities and overall experience, each space has its own unique layout and décor. Some units include balconies while others do not, and the exact unit you receive may vary slightly from the photos.

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- This unit has a balcony overlooking the common rooftop area.

Parking Details:

• Parking is available for a flat $14/day with in/out privileges when you register your vehicle on your check-in day before arriving at the garage.
• Park only in the gated section of the garage. Enter via the ramp on Belcourt Avenue directly across from the Belcourt Theatre at 2111 Belcourt Ave, between Blo and Anzie Blue. Do not enter or park in the garage section accessed from the back alley. Your parking registration is not valid there, and you may receive a ticket.

Registration Details
2020016543

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6912 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting