URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/723025408402274364
Latitude: 36.1614
Longitude: -86.7771
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
A Nashville experience like no other. THEE hot spot, smack dab in the middle of the action ON BROADWAY! Best. Location. Ever! Right above Boot Barn & across the street from Bridgestone. 2 lofts make up the entire 3rd floor. Sleeps 10. People watch through the 9 foot windows overlooking Broadway. 2 King size beds in private rooms & additional sleeping options through both lofts so everyone can be comfortable. See my host profile for the individual units' amazing reviews!

The space
Please be sure to read through the entire listing before booking. There is a lot of important information below.

All within a 5-block radius, walk to live music venues, bistros, a park, and public transit. You can check out a show at the Ryman Auditorium or events at Bridgestone Arena, both located 1 block away. Or, walk 1 mile across the Cumberland River to cheer on the Titans at Nissan Stadium. You’re staying in 2 out of only 4 lofts in the entire building, offering a private haven in the middle of Broadway.

Loft #301 is located at the top of your second flight of stairs. It has 1 private bedroom with a king-size bed and an en suite full bathroom. A half bath is located in the hallway. This loft can accommodate up to 6 guests: 2 in the king bed, 2 on the queen-size pull-out sleeper sofa, and 2 on the fold-out futons (each sleeps 1, and linens are provided for all). (See photos).

Loft #302: Overlooking the Broadway strip lined with honky-tonks, shops, and restaurants, this chic 1BR/1.5BA penthouse condo offers a prime location for exploring Music City. Your third-floor getaway boasts a stylish floor plan with hardwood floors and ample natural light from five skylights. Unwind in the living room on the comfortable leather sofa and armchair. Loft #302 has 1 private bedroom with a king-size bed and an en suite full bathroom. A half bath is located in the hallway. This loft can accommodate up to 4 guests: 2 in the king bed and 2 on the double bed in the living room. The sunroom, overlooking Broadway, is the perfect place for snacks and people-watching.

Kitchen & Dining:

Prepare your favorite meals in the modern kitchens, fully stocked with all the gadgets you might need. The well-appointed kitchen features ample granite counter space, a double sink, and stainless steel appliances. When you’re ready to eat, perch at the kitchen bar.

Location:

Located just across the street, visit local favorite Merchants Restaurant, a former hotel that serves Southern-inspired bistro food downstairs and formal fare upstairs. For something more casual, stop by Puckett’s, a classic Southern bar and grill with an old general store feel and a stage for live music.

FAQs
🧍🏽‍♂️ Additional Guests We kindly ask that your guest count stays within what was confirmed at booking. If your plans change and you'd like to bring a few extra faces, just reach out before your stay — we're happy to see what we can do!
🎥 Exterior Cameras For everyone's peace of mind, we have exterior cameras on the property for safety purposes.
🎈 Decorations We love that you might be celebrating something special! Just a couple of things to keep in mind — please avoid glitter and confetti (they're a cleaning crew's worst nightmare 😄), and steer clear of placing anything on the wallpaper. We just ask that all decorations are removed before you check out. Have fun with it!
🎉 Gatherings & Visitors Our cottages are designed as a peaceful retreat, so we ask that the property not be used as a hub for outside visitors or rotating guests. We want everyone — including our neighbors — to enjoy the space!
🤫 Quiet Hours We have wonderful neighbors, and we'd love to keep it that way! Please help us by keeping outdoor noise to a considerate level during quiet hours. Thank you!
🚭 Smoke-Free Property To keep our space fresh and comfortable for every guest, we ask that there be no smoking inside or within 25 feet of the property. If you smoke outdoors, please keep windows and doors closed. Please note that a $500 fee applies if smoke is detected indoors.
🛠️ Accidents Happen! We truly mean it — we get it! If something breaks or gets damaged during your stay, please just let us know. We appreciate your honesty and it always makes a big difference. No need to stress — just a quick message is all it takes!
🧼 Leaving the Space Our cleaning team works incredibly hard, and we're so grateful for them! The standard cleaning fee covers a normal turnover, so we ask that you leave the space in a reasonably tidy condition out of respect for their time and effort. Our check-out instructions (found in this welcome book) make it easy — just follow those and you're all set. We appreciate you helping us keep things country-cool, classy, and cozy! 🌿
⏰ Early Check-In & Late Check-Out Want to arrive a little earlier or linger a little longer? Early check-in (from 8:00 a.m.) and late check-out (until 5:00 p.m.) may be available — just send us a message ahead of time to check availability for your dates. A small fee applies for approved requests, and availability is limited, so the sooner you ask, the better!
🧳 Luggage Drops Unfortunately, we aren't able to accommodate luggage drops outside of your check-in window. We recommend Luggage Hero, Stow Station, or other luggage storage options nearby — they're super convenient and easy to use!

Guest access
24/7 keyless entry access to the building and loft.

Other things to note
** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!

This loft is not a street view loft, the windows open up to the alley.

NO FREE PARKING. The closest parking lot is on 4th and Broadway. Highly recommended that you not rent a car unless you're wanting to venture outside of Nashville. Cabs, Uber, and Lyft are the best way to get around! I have some promo codes at the lofts for free first rides if anyone in your group is a first time Uber or Lyft rider - so make sure to download the apps before you arrive!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Cal And Steph
Host User ID: 167417432
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/167417432
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Cal! Welcome to my loft! We greatly appreciate you staying with us. You're staying at my house, which gives your stay a less corporate, more personal feel. Thank you for taking care of my home while you are here. I hope you relax, unwind, and enjoy!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
1102 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting