URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/979577009343033715
Latitude: 36.2137
Longitude: -86.518
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 0
beds: 0
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Relax with the whole family at this peaceful place to stay.  Well kept ranch style house with a big backyard, 2 full bathrooms, 3 bedrooms, kitchen, family room, dining room, living room, fireplace and patio over looking the wooded backyard.   Wifi, cable TV, central heat and air, washer/dryer all included.  Located 2 miles north of the Mt. Juliet I-40 interchange and 20 miles from downtown Nashville!  Great restaurants and shopping within 2 miles!  Pet friendly!   See additional notes.. Thanks!

The space
Please note that there is an entirely separate in-law suite downstairs if you need more room.   There is no access between the two spaces.  It is also listed on Airbnb as the "Hillview Apartment".   There is also an apartment in an unattached garage apartment on the 3-acre property.  Thanks!  Jay

Guest access
You will have access to the main house, porch and deck upstairs. Shared access to the front and back yard.

Other things to note
Important Note for Stars and Stables and Twig City Farm Guests: If you reserve one of my Tiny Houses, Horses Stall Suites, A-Frame Glampers, Tents, Teepees or Pitch-A-Tent Listings please stop and consider that you are reserving a listing located on a farm and in the country. It is not unusual to see an occasional insect or small Tennessee wildlife (including Stuart Little on very rare occasion) during your visit. If this is an issue for you or anyone in your party, please do not make a reservation. I am not able to provide a full or partial refund.

HOUSE RULES AND INFORMATION:
1. Whimsical, Fun, Adventurous Lodging. Jay Wilfong, your Host offers whimsical, fun, adventurous lodging. Perfectly Imperfect. Stars and Stables and Twig City Farm are not intended to be a “Martha Stewart, Hilton, upscale experience”. Think “cowboy bunkhouse” or “steampunk tiny house” accommodations. Flooring, rugs, bed linens, towels and décor are absolutely Not Matching. If all of that is ok and you’re ready for something new, different and fun then make your reservation now!
2. Arrival Information Message. If you make a reservation, you will receive the ARRIVAL INFORMATION message shortly after booking. It is very important that you read it before you arrive so that you know where you are going and that you will have other needed info during your visit.
3. While traveling to my places just enjoy the drive and be safe. There is no need for you to let me know when you are arriving because my places are all “self-check-in”.
4. Guest Assistance. In the event assistance is needed, Registered Guests shall contact Guest Assistance by phone to expedite faster service. Do not send emails or text messages please because emails and texts might be overlooked for a period of time.
5. Family friendly! My places are Family Friendly. Please wear appropriate clothing. No loud, profane language or obnoxious behavior. All alcoholic beverages must be concealed either in cups or koozies. Marijuana is illegal in Tennessee. Complaints from other guests and/or staff will cause your removal from the property without a refund.
6. Need help? Call don’t email. The Guest Assistance phone number is provided to you immediately after you make your reservation. I cannot reply to email or text messages sent after 10 pm.
7. Pets. Pets are welcome only in my “pet friendly” listings as long as they are listed in your reservation, house-trained and clean. All dogs must be on leashes and cleaned up after when taken outside and absolutely cannot run loose.
8. Service pets and emotional support animals. Legitimate service pets and emotional support animals are welcomed at no additional charge in all of Host’s listings. Registered Guest shall disclose to Host what services the pets have been trained to assist with and description of their training. Animals are not allowed to be in close proximity to prepared food served to other guests.
9. No smoking inside any of my listings. Host and Registered Guest agree that Host will receive a $150 cleaning and deodorizing fee paid by Guest if a listing is smoked in during Guest reservation. Also, please do not throw cigarette butts on the ground.
10. Third party bookings. If you are making a reservation for someone else you are 100% responsible for providing them the Arrival Information, and you are also responsible for their use of the listing, including damages and fees if applicable.
11. Truthful Registration of Guests & Pets. The Registered Guest shall provide the truthful, accurate number of registered guests at the time of booking or no later than 6 hours after the booking is confirmed. Failure to provide the correct number will result in a lowered Guest review star rating and an additional charge for the unregistered guests at the rate of $25 per guest per day.
12. Check in procedure, time and late arrivals. The check in procedure is self-check in and the check in time window is between 3 pm and 10 pm. Check-ins after 10 pm are considered late and Guest Assistance may not be available.
13. Fee Schedule: Early check in/late check out fee $20 each. (Subject to availability) After hours (after 10 pm) check in fee is $20. Lost keys or keys not returned by 1 pm day of checkout: $25 fee.
14. Host right to cure issues. The Host and Registered Guest understand and agree that in the event of an unforeseen issue arising, the host has the absolute right to cure the issue within a reasonable period of time after Guest notifies Host.
15. Host right to provide similar or upgrade to another listing. The host and Registered Guest agree that, if necessary, the host can provide to Registered Guest a similar or upgraded listing in the same general area, if the need arises.
16. NOT party central! $20 per person per day for unregistered guests who visit for longer than 2 hours or you will be asked to leave and the reservation cancelled without a refund.
17. Reservation cut off time and latest time to check in is 10 pm.
18. QUIET TIME & MUSIC EVENTS. QUIET TIME is from 10 pm to 9 am daily. On dates where music is being offered on the farm, the music shall end no later than 10 pm with the exception of major holidays.
19. Breakfast. The host provides breakfast for all lodging guests. In the event the Host cannot offer breakfast, the host will refund $7.99 per person as reasonable compensation.
20. Host does not furnish firewood or charcoal. However, host does offer firewood for sale.
21. Insects. Not responsible for bug bites. Stars and Stables and Twig City Farm are both rural properties. I am not able to guarantee a totally insect free environment inside the rented listing or on the grounds. I strongly suggest you bring bug spray and sunscreen.
22. Respect your fellow guests. Loud, unruly, impaired/obnoxious guests will be escorted from the property without a refund.
23. Rain check dates for A-Frames: Due to the "nature of the beast" I cannot refund charges due to weather but depending on circumstances will be happy to provide a rain check unless you have checked in
24. Fair Reviews. Both host and Registered Guest agree to post fair-minded reviews related to the reservation and will not post vindictive, spiteful comments and misrepresentations.
25. Refund Policy. There are no refunds if a Guest cancels for any reason within 5 days of the reservation’s arrival date. In certain circumstances, at the Host’s complete discretion, a “rain check” will be issued to the Renter for an equivalent future stay based on availability. (For Airbnb reservations, the Airbnb refund policy detailed in the listing description will be followed.)
26. Smoking fees to include lost income if applicable. Registered Guests who have smoked inside any of the Host’s listings shall pay a minimum fee of $150 to compensate the Host’s added expense to clean and deodorize the listing.
27. Stars and Stables and Twig City Farm are Tennessee Agritourism Farms. The following Notice is hereby provided:

TENNESSEE AGRITOURISM NOTICE
Under Tennessee law, there is no liability for an injury to or death of a participant, or damage to the property of a participant, in an agritourism activity conducted at this agritourism location or by this agritourism professional if such injury, death, or property damage results from the inherent risks of the agritourism activity.
Inherent risks of agritourism activities include, among others, risks of injury and damage inherent to land, equipment, and animals, as well as the potential for you to act in a negligent manner that may contribute to your injury or death or to the damaging of your own property. You are assuming the risk of participating in this agritourism activity.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jay
Host User ID: 69547271
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/69547271
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
About me?  OK……..
It started when I was a pot holder maker and salesman at age 7 in Willow Branch, Indiana.   The little old ladies just could say no to me when I knocked on their doors!
 In school, my mind was constantly wandering.  School was boring.  Business and music is usually fun!
I’ve owned several restaurants, music stores, sound companies, real estate investment, lodging. recorded 11 albums and books in the works.   
Other than that, I've just been lazy most of my life.
Where I went to school: Eastern Hancock High School
My work: Funventor.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
10 years hosting
15237 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting