URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1283653653530349774
Latitude: 36.333
Longitude: -86.4919
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Gallatin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 5
beds: 8
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Above Nashville Sunset Bay Estate – a stunning 7,500 sq ft luxury lakefront retreat on the scenic shores of Old Hickory Lake. This property is the perfect escape for families or groups looking for a blend of relaxation and entertainment.

The space
Welcome to Sunset Bay Estate by ABOVE Vacation Residences, a stunning 7,500 sq ft luxury lakefront retreat on the scenic shores of Old Hickory Lake. This property is the perfect escape for families or groups looking for a blend of relaxation and entertainment. Here, you’ll find four spacious bedrooms with a total of eight comfortable beds, each thoughtfully arranged to provide a peaceful night’s rest. With four full bathrooms and two half bathrooms, there’s plenty of space and convenience for everyone. The entertainment options are endless: challenge friends to a game of pool, stay active in the dedicated workout room, or tee off on the state-of-the-art golf simulator, which can also transform into a TV or karaoke center for lively evenings. Step outside, and you’re greeted by your own private lakeside paradise. Lounge by the sparkling pool, unwind in the hot tub, or soak up the sun by the water. The property’s exclusive boat dock invites you to experience the lake up close – perfect for boating, fishing, or simply watching the sunset over the serene water.

Whether you’re here for lake adventures, poolside relaxation, or a night of karaoke, the Above Sunset Bay Estate promises an unforgettable stay, combining luxury with the timeless beauty of waterfront living.

Room Descriptions
1st Floor 
King Bedroom with full bathroom
King Bedroom with full Bathroom
2nd Floor
King Bedroom with Murphy king bed and full bathroom
King Bedroom with full bunk beds and full bathroom
Queen sleeping room

The Above Vacation Residences Difference
Luxury & Concierge Services: Enjoy unforgettable service from our attentive staff, luxury spa amenities, soft linens, and more. Our Concierge Managers cater to your needs, creating unique experiences tailored to your stay.

House Manager: Your personal House Manager will greet you upon arrival, ensure daily refreshes, and be available 24/7 to guarantee a 5-star experience.

Curated Residences: In a sea of sparsely furnished rental properties, our homes stand ABOVE as they many are primary residences. Each is meticulously cared for and furnished, offering top-tier amenities and decor. Combined with concierge services, each stay feels uniquely local. Please note that some spaces will be locked and owner belongings may be present.

Cleaning Standards: We follow strict CDC/VRMA disinfecting protocols, focusing on high-touch areas.

Disclaimer: Room configurations, decor, and contents may have changed since photos were taken. Hot tub heating is complimentary and managed by request with your house manager. Not all pools can be heated. Pool heating is available by request and approval, with a fee of $500 for 3 days, subject to seasonal availability.

Booking Info: All bookings must be pre-approved. “Click to book” is a request, not a confirmation, ensuring alignment with Homeowner and Guest expectations.

Pets: Pets are considered at this property pending Owner approval prior to arrival. There is a pet fee to cover extra cleaning. Any damages due to a Guest pet will be charged against Guest deposit.

No events or outside vendors are permitted that will exceed the capacity of the house without written pre-approval from ABOVE Vacation Residences.

Important: We do not rent to groups or events that may disrupt the neighborhood. Final approval follows a conversation ensuring respect for neighbors and house rules. NO DISRUPTIVE GUESTS.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brian Joseph
Host User ID: 210733801
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/210733801
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
ABOVE Vacation Residences 
 
Who We Are.

Over the years, ABOVE has quietly become the go to leader for connecting the most discerning guests, with private luxury properties. Founded on the promise of exclusivity and complete privacy, ABOVE manages only the country’s finest and most exclusive homes and estates available for lease.  

ABOVE’s concept and unique approach to home and estate rentals can only be found in the management of the world's pinnacle and iconic hotels.  Our process is designed to match the most discerning guests, with the appropriate homeowners, whilst delighting both through our unique and proprietary experiences.

How We Are Different.

Each home represented can only be approved by our Standards Selection Board, in turn most home applications received are not able to join ABOVE. This intense, 250-point process insures our homes meet ABOVE’s strict and uncompromising luxury standards.  This impartial, standards driven, demanding process separates ABOVE from the all vacation rental companies today.  Tight and uncompromising controls gives our guests the quality, confidence, and comfort they require.  

Formed by three luxury hospitality veterans, and guided by a private 5-Diamond hotel company, ABOVE’s guests and owners appreciate the uncommonly high level of standardization of amenities, concierge and travel services, event planning, and that true attention missing in today's vacation property experiences.

If you and your group are looking for an exceptional level of quality and experience in a vacation rental, we invite you to visit our signature homes. 

If you are an owner of a unique and one-of-a-kind property that would like to apply to the ABOVE portfolio, please reach out to us. 

We would love to hear from you. 

ABOVE-Curators of Exceptional Guest & Owner Experiences.
My work: Hospitality Pro
Fun fact: Our company began in our founders house.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
161 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting