URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1590153218869928776
Latitude: 36.1436
Longitude: -86.78331
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 13
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Set above the energy of the Gulch, The Highline by Elevay & Co. delivers a Nashville stay with sweeping skyline views and exceptional walkability. Steps from the Gulch and just minutes from Broadway, this home offers the convenience of a central location with the calm of an elevated setting — giving your group room to explore and space to unwind.

The space
Inside, the home is bright, open, and designed to support group stays without feeling crowded. 13 beds are thoughtfully arranged across a spacious layout, making it easy for everyone to settle in while still sharing the experience together. The main living areas are filled with natural light and flow easily from one space to the next, creating an effortless place to gather throughout the day.

The rooftop sets the tone. As the city lights come on, the fire pit becomes the natural meeting point, framed by uninterrupted views across Nashville. Whether it’s a relaxed evening meal or a late night catching up, the rooftop invites you to slow down and stay awhile.

Every detail at The Highline has been considered — from the way the layout functions for groups to the location that makes getting around simple. Hosted by Elevay & Co., this home is well-suited for friends, families, and group trips looking for a modern Nashville stay with skyline views, walkable access, and a setting that feels elevated from start to finish.

What You’ll Love
🌇 Rooftop lounge w/ fire pit, amazing views & golden hour sunsets.
👟 Located in the Gulch, walkable to coffee shops, restaurants, bars, and more.
🛏️  4 bedrooms + 13 beds total
☕ Fully Stocked Coffee Bar for your perfect morning coffee
🍽️ Chef’s kitchen w/ all your kitchen basics from a toaster to blenders.
🎶 Just minutes from Broadway, Downtown, 12 South, Music Row, and more!
🚗 Garage parking + free street parking
✅ Early check-in & late check-out when available

Mornings at The Highline start at the coffee bar. Whether you're an early riser or recovering from a night on Broadway, you’ll find everything you need to fuel your day. Offering both options for either Drip or Keurig brewers, with creamers, syrups, and all the fixings. It's your own personal cafe. 

Fully loaded kitchen includes sleek stainless steel appliances, toaster,  blender, all the cookware / utensils, and more. 

🏙️ Location Highlights:
🛻 Walkable to the Gulch / Edgehill
🛍️ 5 min to 12 South
🍴 5 min to Broadway’s honky-tonks & nightlife
🏈 9 min to Titans Stadium & TopGolf
✈️ 14 min to BNA Airport
🎶 20 min to Grand Ole Opry
You’ll be in the perfect spot to explore — without the chaos of being in the middle of it all.

☕ Walkable Neighborhood Gems
Sunda (asian fusion)
Osa Coffee Roasters (coffee shop)
The Well Coffeehouse (coffee shop)
LalaLand Coffee (coffee shop)
Barcelona Wine Bar (restaurant)
L.A. Jackson (rooftoop bar)
Golden Sound (speakeasy vibe bar)
Biscuit Love Gulch (breakfast)
& SO MUCH MORE!!

🚗 Parking
2 spots in the attached garage & free street parking directly in front
Well-lit & easy access.

WE DO NOT RENT TO LOCALS; IF YOU ARE A LOCAL PLEASE INQUIRE BEFORE ATTEMPTING TO BOOK.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge,  kitchen, living area, bedrooms, and bathrooms. Please note this is an attached townhome.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

STRP #2020010803

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting