URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/40865070
Latitude: 36.3544
Longitude: -86.7433
rental_type: Private room in nature lodge
property_type: NATURE_ECO_LODGE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Teepee

The space
Offering a guest-villa that is a part of our mansion that sits on 10 acres of land. You have your own private beautiful vaulted ceiling chandelier with picture window entry-way.

COVETED AREA!!! You can't beat the neighborhood. It's convenient to EVERYTHING! Super desirable area of Goodlettsville. We're located in the historic Magnolia Station neighborhood, close to Old Springfield Pike and Baker Road, 2 miles from I-65 and only 10 minutes from downtown Goodlettsville and Rivergate Mall. Good location to everything while still living in the best up-scale part of Nashville/Goodlettsville!. Established community.


This is a guest villa attached to our main luxury house sitting on 10 acres.
This is a family friendly place with another family friendly villa on the same property - so you may hear children at times. Those of you with small children please try to respect other adjoining guests and keep noise levels to a minimum - especially at night and in the morning.
Bring your horses!!!  Nightly Open Front Horse Stable, Water & Turn-out Boarding available for a small charge.
Furnished villa on 10 ACRES. 10 MIN FROM SHOPPING and DINING!! Only 10 minutes to Rivergate mall area with all the big box stores - Sears, Macys, Bestbuy, etc.
4 miles from the antique shopping district of historic Goodlettsvile, TN
20 to 30 minutes to downtown Nashville
1000 sqft
Beautiful home re-modeled this year
2 Bedrooms - one Queen Size and one King Size
2 Baths
Full size laundry
Your own thermostat controlled central air and heat
Super great quiet location next to creek and walking paths through the woods
On occasion you may see white tailed deer or turkeys roaming around. Next door are grazing cattle
Full sized kitchen with refrigerator, full-size stove, dishwasher, Microwave
Completely Off-street parking
Child's playground area and tree fort in back yard
Use of fitness center with treadmill, pool table, ping pong table and foosball table
Use of bicycles
Private Pond
Wood and berber carpeted floors
WIFI
Come and go as you please using key pad through your own private entry-way
The are stairs in this villa. For those of you with issues with stairs the good news is once you go up the stairs, all the living area is on one level.
Pets allowed if house-broke, washed weekly and before they arrive. Pets are only allowed in the bathroom areas and are not allowed in the rest of the villa - ie. living room, bedrooms - carpeted areas and bedrooms where hair clean-up is a problem for our guest services. If you leave please crate the pet in the bathroom. Please try to respect other adjoining guests and keep noise levels to a minimum. Also if you will not be onsite during quiet hours (ie. leave for the evening until late), you must crate your pets in our gym area where their barking and howling will not bother other sleeping guests.
Fully furnished with desk and chair, bed sheets and covers, towels, window coverings, living room furniture, kitchen table and chairs, fans, night stand, lamps, dishes, silverware, cooking pots and pans, kitchen utensils, vaulted ceiling entry-way, big yard.
Healthy Kangen Alkaline Water, Fruits in Gummys, Essential Oils Aroma Therapy, and other surprises provided.
Hot tub, deck, grounds, rental interior area, swing play area, parking in the front, woods and walkways, bonfire area
Pool

We don't mind interacting but definitely can give you privacy.

You can't beat the neighborhood. It's convenient to EVERYTHING! Super desirable area of Goodlettsville including the historic Antique area. Good location to everything while still living in the best up-scale part of Nashville/Goodlettsville. Established safe community. The wildlife.

Public Transport: Not close to the home, but once you get 10 min into town there is good public transportation.

If you are a musician feel free to ask about using the grounds as a great location for a venue.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Greg
Host User ID: 53848573
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/53848573
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
If you are searching for the perfect vacation experience we work hard for you every day to earn your business. We specialize in renting the right home to the right guest. Every day!
Do we know the area? You bet we do! If you are looking for the inside info on the best attractions and leisure activities, the best restaurants, nightlife and shopping venues, the best of everything – you have come to the right place. We are well prepared to provide you with personalized recommendations and service to ensure a holiday that matches your needs and dreams. We are here to help you experience the perfect vacation. Our goal is to provide customized service leading to greater customer satisfaction which will leave you wanting to vacation with us again and again.

We love to minister to people and share what God has blessed us with.

We hope you will come and visit our properties.

We look forward to hearing from you and delivering a level of service exceeding your expectations.
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
394 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting