URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1385077512555963564
Latitude: 36.1245
Longitude: -86.7892
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Gilmore! Step into an accessible one-bedroom suite where Mediterranean-inspired design meets Southern ease, with room to spread out and a full kitchen for slow mornings—all steps from 12 South's best shopping, dining, and music.

🛏️ Separate bedroom with queen bed, blackout curtains + living area with sleeper sofa
🍳 Full kitchen, Nespresso, dedicated workspace & branded robes
🌆 Rooftop Skyline Terrace, serene Poet's Courtyard & dedicated concierge

The space
Award-winning and guest-loved, The Gilmore is #1 out of 235 hotels on TripAdvisor, Top 1% on Airbnb, 4.9-stars on Google, and ranked #3 in the South by Southern Living.

European leisure meets Southern charm at The Gilmore — 12 South's first full-service hotel, where Mediterranean-inspired design sets the tone: breezy courtyards built for gathering, a warm lobby, and the kind of small, considered details that make you slow down. And because there's a real team on site, the hospitality here is hands-on, not a help line in another city — right down to a smooth, easy check-in. 

Explore Music City
Set in the heart of 12 South, you're in one of Nashville's most walkable, well-loved neighborhoods, with artisanal boutiques, easygoing cafes, and some of the city's most talked-about restaurants right outside the door. Start the morning with coffee at Frothy Monkey directly across the street, then wander to neighborhood favorites like Burger Up and the Jeni's Ice Cream scoop shop, all an easy stroll away. Downtown is about a ten-minute drive or a quick rideshare, putting the Ryman Auditorium and the honky-tonks of Broadway within easy reach, and the Grand Ole Opry sits roughly fifteen to twenty minutes northeast out by Opry Mills. Come for the live music or the Southern cooking — the city's energy is right there either way. 

1 Bedroom Suite Accessible
Accessible One Bedroom Suites at The Gilmore offer the perfect blend of space and comfort for a longer stay or a getaway with a bit more room to relax. Each Suite features a luxurious separate bedroom with queen-size bed and blackout curtains, along with a spacious living area with a TV that offers a sleeper sofa for extra flexibility. Large windows flood the room with natural light, creating a bright and inviting atmosphere. The kitchen comes fully equipped with a sink, microwave, stove, and fridge, allowing you to prepare meals at your convenience. 

Modern Conveniences
Every stay comes with the touches that make a trip easier: full-size toiletries, a dedicated workspace, a Nespresso maker with tea, branded robes, and a clothing steamer for keeping things crisp.

Room to Spread Out
Beyond your room, the building gives you space to gather. The Skyline Terrace serves up rooftop views of the 12 South skyline — bistro tables for a morning coffee, lounge seating for lingering past sunset, and room for up to 50. Down below, the Poet's Courtyard is a leafy, tucked-away spot with a community table, quieter nooks, and the easy option of ordering in from neighboring restaurants; it holds up to 190. And the Gilmore Room is an adaptable indoor space for up to 33, equally suited to a meeting, a wellness session, or a private gathering.

In-Room Spa
When you'd rather not leave at all, in-room spa services come to you — massages, IV drips, and more, arranged around your schedule for an easy reset after a travel day or a night out.

Made for Groups
Planning something bigger? The Gilmore is built for it. Book multiple rooms, a full floor, or the whole hotel, with an on-site events manager to handle vendor options, recommendations, and coordination — wedding, corporate retreat, bachelor or bachelorette weekend, or group getaway. Between the event spaces and the 12 South location, the setting does a lot of the work for you.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Known for its welcoming charm and walkable streets, 12 South offers an eclectic mix of boutique shops, trendy restaurants, and cozy coffeehouses. This sought-after area combines the buzz of a thriving urban community with a friendly, local feel, making it one of Nashville’s most desirable locations. Whether you’re exploring nearby parks or indulging in some of the city’s best dining and shopping, 12 South is the perfect place to experience the energy and character of Music City.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home accepts dogs only and for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- There is no in-unit laundry at this space.
- Please note that the bathroom is accessible only through the bedroom and cannot be accessed from the living room or kitchen area.

Parking Details:
- Paid self-parking is available on-site in a public underground garage for $40 per night.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620331379

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting