URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1481115840750965912
Latitude: 36.19497
Longitude: -86.77523
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 5
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stunning Skyline | Modern Luxury ★ Rooftop Views ★ Prime Location

Enjoy luxury and breathtaking skyline views from this spectacular 4-level Nashville home. Ideally situated near downtown attractions, and trendy East Nashville, this contemporary retreat offers spacious interiors, elegant design, and ultimate comfort, complete with a rooftop balcony for enjoying incredible views. Built for large groups, this property guarantees an unforgettable stay.

The space
Delight in luxurious style and stunning skyline views of the city from this gorgeous 4 level home! This beautiful home has a modern design aesthetic is breathtakingly bold yet delicate, offering up pure contemporary brilliance. Every room of the home is uniquely styled and brimming with luxury, creating the perfect backdrop for your Nashville vacation! If you can tear yourself away from the magical ambiance of this space, you’ll be thrilled to find incredible restaurants right around the corner, such as Folk, Mas Tacos, and The Pharmacy, to name a few. Venture a tad further and you’ll have downtown, Germantown, The Gulch and more hotspot filled neighborhoods right at your fingertips where there is so much to explore!

Layout: The first level of this gorgeous retreat is complete with a downstairs sleeping area with a twin trundle bed and half bath. The main floor is made up of the kitchen, dining room, and living room, along with two bedrooms each with a queen-sized bed and a full bathroom. On the third level there is a spacious master bedroom with a king-sized bed and a full-sized murphy bed and ensuite bathroom. The fourth bedroom has 2 twin beds and down the hall there is a full bathroom and laundry room. The upper level of the home has a half bathroom and a rooftop balcony with incredible views of the city. There is also an elevator located in the home for your travel convenience! 

THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR . . .

✓ Family Getaways – Spacious, kid-friendly, and secure.

✓ Bachelorette & Bachelor Parties – Stylish home near nightlife.

✓ Concert & Event Travelers – Convenient location for top venues.

✓ Corporate & Business Stays – Fast WiFi, dedicated workspace.

✓ Friend Reunions – Ample common areas and sleeping arrangements.

✓ And More! – Versatile space suitable for various travelers.

▌LIVING & DINING

⊙ Spacious, beautifully styled living area ideal for gatherings and relaxation.

⊙ Fully-equipped kitchen featuring modern appliances, cooking essentials, and elegant dining spaces.

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌BEDROOMS

⊙ Bedroom 1: King bed and double bed, luxurious master suite with en-suite bathroom.
⊙ Bedroom 2: Queen bed, comfortable and inviting.
⊙ Bedroom 3: Queen bed, cozy retreat.
⊙ Bedroom 4: Two single beds, perfect for friends or family.
     Bedroom 5: One twin bed and one trundle bed.

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌BATHROOMS

⊙ Bathroom 1: Elegant master bath, fully stocked.
⊙ Bathroom 2: Modern amenities and comforts.
⊙ Bathroom 3: Pristine, stylish, and well-equipped.
⊙ Bathroom 4: Conveniently located, fully appointed.

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌OUTDOOR & COMMUNITY FEATURES

⊙ Private rooftop balcony offering stunning views of Nashville's skyline.
⊙ Elevator access for ultimate convenience.
⊙ Free on-premises parking available.
⊙ Close proximity to downtown and trendy Nashville neighborhoods.

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌TOP FOOD & FUN NEARBY

★ 12 South – 5 min
Boutiques, cafés, and renowned eateries.

★ Centennial Park – 7 min
Scenic green spaces and historic landmarks.

★ Ascend Amphitheater – 10 min
Premier concert venue and events.

★ Broadway & Bridgestone Arena – 11 min
Iconic live music, nightlife, and entertainment.

★ Ryman Auditorium – 12 min
Legendary music venue and cultural landmark.

▌THE EXPERIENCE TEAM

● SPOTLESS, EVERY TIME
Our professional cleaning team ensures immaculate cleanliness.

● COMFORT YOU CAN FEEL
Fresh sheets, plush bedding, and thoughtful home touches.

● A STAY DESIGNED FOR YOU
Effortless check-in to check-out experience.

● HERE WHEN YOU NEED US
24/7 responsive support.

● PROUDLY NASHVILLE-BASED
Locally owned, deeply connected to the community.

Guest access
⊙ You’ll have full access to the entire home, including all indoor and outdoor spaces.

⊙ Self check-in with a smart lock—your code will be sent before arrival.

⊙ 24/7 host support—reach out anytime with questions!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Stephanie
Host User ID: 26551135
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/26551135
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, welcome to Twin Palms in Siesta Key, FL and Lucky Pennies Properties in Nashville, TN!  We hope you will have a look at all we have to offer.  We love providing a unique experience that is affordable and exciting.  There is so much fun to be had. Whether you are on the beach, relaxing at the pool with a beverage or looking to explore everything Downtown Nashville has to offer, our Florida resort and beautiful Nashville homes offer it all.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
157 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting