URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/43800126
Latitude: 36.1555
Longitude: -86.7708
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Walk to all of Nashville's famous Honky-Tonks! 
Southern Charm is a historic townhouse, located in the heart of downtown Nashville! 
It is only a 5-10 minute walk to all major attractions! 
Our mural, painted by Nashville's top mural artist, is located in the living room, showcasing a unique view down Broadway. 

The home includes:
1 King bed, 1 Queen bed
1 Queen pull out bed
2 Twin pull out beds
Free gated parking + free street parking
View of Nashville skyline

The space
All the action of downtown Nashville is just steps away from this newly refurbished, historic townhouse! A lot of work has been put into this home to provide the BEST possible Nashville experience for you. You have an amazing skyline view from the front door and bedroom window!

The property comfortably sleeps up to 8 guests that want to get the full Nashville experience!

Walk to everything! Just a few blocks to:
- Lower Broadway & Honky-Tonks
- Ascend Amphitheater
- Bridgestone Arena and Nissan Stadium
- Country Music Hall of Fame
- Music City Convention Center
- Ryman Auditorium
- Restaurants and bars
- Coffee shops

The home is two stories. The first has two entrances - one from the street and the other from the gated area which you will have remote access to + private parking. 

This house is perfect for both weekend travelers looking to have a great time at the honky-tonks & also well suited for weekday business travelers. It is located close by to many major businesses, convention centers, hotels, and other events held year round. 

First floor: Fully equipped kitchen and dining set with complimentary coffee. BEAUTIFUL mural, painted by one of Nashville's TOP MURAL ARTISTs.  Comfortable living room, with ample space for all guests. Smart TV plus hundreds of channels provided for you. AT&T Fiber Wifi speed up to 1 g/s (1,000 MB/s)! The two sofas pull out into a queen and a twin bed with comfortable mattresses. The ottoman also pulls out to a twin bed, including a comfortable mattress. All linens are provided for each pull out bed. 

Second floor: Master includes a King bed. Second bedroom includes a Queen bed and a small desk / workspace. Plush linens and bedding to ensure you have the best night sleep. Closets are located in both bedrooms. In between the two bedrooms, there is a Jack & Jill bathroom, which is equipped with toiletry items for you to use. There is a full size washer and dryer located on the second floor as well. 

We have an extensive & unique guest book that has many great recommendations for things to do in Nashville and the surrounding area. We are happy to provide this electronically prior to your arrival as well. This includes recommendations for: Bars, Restaurants, Coffee Shops, Bakeries, Brunch, Music, Activities, Breweries, Wineries and more!

There are events year round in Nashville. Events include: NHL, NFL, CMA Fest, Major Concerts, Grande Ole Opry, Country Music Hall of Fame, George Jones Museum, Johnny Cash Museum, Musician's Hall of Fame, events at the Omni, JW Marriott, Music City Center, Nissan Stadium, Ascend Amphitheatre, and Bridgestone Arena.

Guest access
The entire house is for the guests.

Other things to note
Primary Guest must be at least 21 years of age to book this property.

Check-in is at 4 pm
Check-out is at 10 am

If you're planning  a bachelorette party, Bach Babes is the perfect fit :)
WE’RE HERE TO TAKE THE STRESS OFF YOUR BIG WEEKEND.
From planning your itinerary to making your Airbnb cute AF before you arrive, we’re your one-stop-shop for all your party planning needs. You name it, we can do it! Let us know a few details about your trip and what services you have in mind and we’ll take it away from there. If you tell Bach Babes we sent you, you will receive a 10% discount - inquire for more details!

GUEST VERIFICATION:
To help ensure a smooth and secure stay for all guests, the primary guest listed on the reservation may be asked to complete a quick verification process within 48 hours of booking, depending on the platform used to book the reservation.

Prior to check-in, guests may also be asked to sign a Rental Agreement that includes agreeing to our rental terms and conditions and, on certain booking platforms, providing a valid government-issued ID and matching credit card before arrival.

Included with your booking is our damage waiver coverage, which helps protect against accidental, self-reported damage during your stay when reported prior to check-out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Michael
Host User ID: 205592313
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/205592313
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! My wife, Jill, and I are Airbnb professionals and would love the opportunity to host you and your group. We love to travel, be outdoors and explore new places. 

If you have any questions about any of our properties, please don't hesitate to reach out :)
Born in the 90s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1413 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting