URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1425444704981660875
Latitude: 36.1579132498973
Longitude: -86.81637636536402
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stylish 4BR, 4BA Townhome – 8 Min to Broadway!
Experience the best of Nashville in this chic townhome, just 8 minutes from iconic Broadway. Step inside to an oversized kitchen or unwind in the spacious game room. Enjoy the expansive rooftop deck with skyline views and a TV!

Designed for large families, groups of friends, or bachelorette groups, this home has it all. Enjoy peace of mind with a safe location and Ring video security on the property. Your perfect Nashville getaway awaits!

The space
THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR:

✓ Family Getaways – Spacious, safe, and fully equipped for all ages.
✓ Bachelorette & Bachelor Groups – Trendy décor, Social Media-worthy vibes, and close to downtown nightlife.
✓ Concert & Event Travelers – Just minutes from Nissan Stadium, Broadway, and Music Row.
✓ Corporate & Business Stays – Fast WiFi and a dedicated workspace for remote productivity.
✓ Friend Reunions – Rooftop entertainment space and flexible sleeping arrangements.
✓ And More! – A versatile, hip-hop-inspired home perfect for any unforgettable stay.

LAYOUT:
1st Floor: Entry, Game Room, a bedroom w/ 2 trundles (4 total twin beds), attached full bathroom.
2nd Floor: Living room w/ couch, kitchen, dining room, another bedroom with a trundle (2 twins) and full bath.
3rd Floor: Bedroom w/ Queen bed, full bathroom, Primary bedroom with King bed and 2 pull-out singles w/ full bathroom, and laundry room.
4th Floor: Rooftop deck.

10 BEDS: 
3 trundles (6 total singles)
1 queen
1 king
2 pull-out singles

WALKABLE EATS:
Starbucks, Retrograde Coffee, Aroi by Smiley Thai, Swett's, AVO, E+Rose, Best Wok Chinese, KOKOS Ice Cream Scoop, Pastaria, Calypso Cafe

WALKABLE or CLOSE ATTRACTIONS:
Sandbar, The Parthenon, Marathon Village, Climb Nashville West

BROADWAY:
Just a short 8-minute drive from our location, you'll find yourself in the heart of Nashville's famous Broadway Street! Bursting with energy, Broadway is home to the city's iconic Honky Tonk bars, making it Nashville's main attraction. As you wander through the lively street, you'll also find some of the city's most celebrated venues, including Bridgestone Arena, The Ryman Auditorium, Music City Center, and Titans Stadium. Whether you're catching a live show, exploring local shops, or grabbing a bite to eat, there’s no shortage of excitement. Plus, it’s all conveniently just a quick Uber ride away!

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire house, but one supply closet.

Guests will be able to self check-in using a Yale smart lock. Guests will receive a personal access code 24 hours before check-in that will activate at 4pm day of check-in and expire at 10am day of check-out.

Other things to note
PARKING:
Free street parking is available. Additional spaces can be found in parking lot behind the house. Parking is first come first serve.

NO NASHVILLE OR LOCAL GUESTS: 
We do not allow locals on our property under any circumstances. We have a policy of not renting our home to individuals residing in Nashville or surrounding Metro area. We reserve the right to cancel any reservation made by a local resident without issuing a refund. If you are a local resident, please refrain from booking our home. Thank you!

CHILDREN DISCLOSURE:
We're delighted to welcome families with children to our home! However, it's crucial to mention that our home is not childproofed. With amenities like numerous stairs (4 story home), rooftop deck featuring a high ledge, additional balcony etc - we want to be up front and ensure a safe and enjoyable stay for everyone. For the safety of our youngest guests, we kindly request that children be supervised by an adult at all times.

12 GUEST/VISITOR MAXIMUM:
A maximum of 12 guests and visitors are allowed. Please state on your reservation the total number of guests (including any visitors, even if not staying the night). All guests and visitors must be pre-approved up front. No locals are allowed on our property.

4 STORY HOME W/ STAIRS:
Our home boasts four stories, a common architectural feature in many Nashville residences, contributing to breathtaking skyline views. To fully enjoy the charm of our space, please be aware that stairs are an integral part of your stay that each guests must use. The incredible view will make you forget about all the stairs.

NO SMOKING INSIDE:
To ensure a comfortable and healthy environment for all guests, smoking & vaping is strictly prohibited inside the property. This includes all indoor areas and on the rooftop deck. If you wish to smoke or vape, please do so outside and dispose of cigarette butts responsibly. Violation of this policy may result in additional cleaning fees. Thank you for your understanding!

POTENTIAL NOISE:
Nashville is renowned for its vibrant atmosphere, particularly in the heart of the city. While our property offers a tranquil retreat, please be aware that you may experience occasional noise during your stay, such as from nearby construction, traffic, other neighboring Airbnb guests, and more. These factors are beyond our control. While we anticipate minimal disruption for most guests, it's important to note if you are unaccustomed to urban environments.

DOGS:
We happily welcome 1-2 well-behaved, house-trained adult dogs to stay in our home. We ask that all dogs be crated when left alone in our home, so please bring a crate with you. To ensure a smooth process, all dogs must be discussed and pre-approved by host within 24 hours of booking. Please be sure to add them to your reservation. $100 flat pet fee applies for up to two dogs. We regret to inform you that dogs under 1 year old, cats, or other animals are not allowed. Be please respectful and clean up after your dog(s) in our yard to avoid a fine. Any damage from pet will guests responsibility as an inspection will occur at check-out.

A lot of time, care, and money has been put into this home that we LOVE. We only want to have the best guests who will respect our property and neighbors. If you've made it this far on the listing and have questions, please ask us! Thank you, Calvin, Dylan, Allie

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dylan
Host User ID: 667320951
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/667320951
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lead Property Manager for Stay Nashville, LLC. 

A bit about me, I’m married to my beautiful wife Rylee and we have a daughter named Mabel. I’m passionate about my church, Holy Saints, CrossFit, and enjoying life to the fullest. I love to read, explore new ideas, and explore new places, especially when it means being outdoors. My faith is my foundation, and I strive to live for the Lord daily. Life’s a thrilling ride, and I’m here to embrace it all with gratitude!.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Lipscomb University
2 years hosting