URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1650165500006566499
Latitude: 36.19401060172031
Longitude: -86.76418233182534
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★ Cosmic Cowgirl by AvantStay ★ 

• Playful western-meets-space condo near downtown Nashville
• Rooftop lounge with skyline views for sunset and stargazing
• Sleeps 5: 2 queen ensuite bedrooms + sleeper sofa
• Walkable vibes near Broadway, East Nashville, Nissan Stadium & Germantown
• Full kitchen, in-home laundry, modern climate control + Concierge services

The space
Welcome to Cosmic Cowgirl, a one-of-a-kind Nashville stay where bold design meets playful imagination. Blending western charm with space-age flair, this vibrant condo is filled with personality—from pink-accented interiors and cowgirl-inspired details to unexpected cosmic touches that make every corner feel like an experience.

Tucked just northeast of downtown in one of Nashville’s up-and-coming neighborhoods, you’re only a short drive from the heart of the city while enjoying a more local, laid-back feel. Spend your days exploring Broadway’s iconic honky-tonks, catching live music in East Nashville’s eclectic venues, or dining your way through some of the city’s best restaurants and coffee spots. With Nissan Stadium, Germantown, and the Cumberland Riverfront all nearby, you’ll have easy access to both the energy and charm that make Music City so unforgettable.

Back at the home, the rooftop lounge steals the show—offering sweeping skyline views that set the scene for morning coffee, golden hour lounging, or late-night conversations under the stars.

Inside, the open living space is designed for comfort and connection. A cozy yet eye-catching living room invites you to relax after a day out, featuring a statement pink couch that converts into a pull-out sleeper sofa to accommodate additional guests. Bedding and pillows for the sleeper sofa are conveniently stored within the chaise’s lift-up storage compartment, making setup quick and easy. Whether you’re traveling with friends or maximizing space for your group, the layout comfortably sleeps up to 5 guests.

The full kitchen comes equipped with everything you need for easy meals at home—perfect for whipping up brunch or enjoying takeout from a local hotspot.

Both bedrooms are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, each featuring a queen bed, ensuite bathroom, and a cohesive blend of playful décor and calming touches. With two private ensuite bathrooms—each with a shower/tub combo—everyone has their own space to unwind.

Additional conveniences like in-home laundry and modern climate control ensure a seamless stay, while the building’s contemporary design adds to the elevated feel.

Whether you’re here for a girls’ trip, a weekend getaway, or a stylish home base for exploring Music City, Cosmic Cowgirl delivers a stay that’s as fun, vibrant, and unforgettable as Nashville itself.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There's a reason Nashville, TN, has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths: 
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- A pack and play and high chair are available upon request.

Parking Details:
- Parking is available in an open, unassigned lot on a first-come, first-served basis. There is no set limit on the number of vehicles per reservation.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit: 2024/07/7087

Registration Details
2024077087

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting