URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1771328803315039701
Latitude: 36.1795594215348
Longitude: -86.76761732341858
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Located only 1.8 miles from Broadway (a 5 minute uber!) and within blocks of main thoroughfares  in the vibrant city of Nashville. Step outside your door and see the downtown skyline. The best parts of Nashville are only a hop, skip and a jump away. The home is an artsy and unique newly renovated triplex with everything being brand new. Some of Nashville's newest and most exciting new restaurants are just a 10 minute walk away! Get your Music City adventure underway, Book Now!

The space
Welcome to our modern triplex, where comfort meets style in each private unit. Perfect for separate stays or larger groups renting multiple units!

Key Features:

✤ Modern Renovation: Recently renovated with hardwood floors, granite countertops, and a crisp white aesthetic throughout.
✤ Entertainment Hub: Enjoy a 55" flat-screen Fire TV in the living room, complemented by additional Fire TVs in both bedrooms.
✤ Comfortable Living: Sink into cloud-like beds or unwind on the sofa for a cozy retreat. Your relaxation is our top priority.
✤ Convenient Amenities: A well-equipped kitchen invites you to whip up a cup of coffee or prepare a delightful meal.
✤ Prime Location: Situated within a mile or two of fantastic attractions, including Downtown and East Nashville's delectable restaurants.
✤ Parking Made Easy: Designated off-street parking with room for 2 cars, ensuring stress-free arrivals and departures.
✤ Free Coffee!
✤ Shampoo/bodywash provided!
✤ Fully fenced in yard featuring yard games, a fire pit, and seating!
✤ Free in-unit washer and dryer
✤ Only a 5 minute uber from the fun and music of Lower Broadway!!

Sleeping Arrangements:

✤ Bedroom 1: 1 Queen bed
✤ Bedroom 2: 1 Queen bed
✤ Living Room: 2 love seats that fold out into twin beds, 1 Sofa bed that folds out into a very nice-sized bed

Whether you're exploring the nearby attractions or indulging in a tranquil night's sleep, our triplex provides the ideal backdrop for your Nashville adventure. Book your stay now and experience the perfect blend of luxury and convenience!

Guest access
Guests have full access to their unit.

Other things to note
ATTENTION LOCAL GUESTS: All locals must send an 'inquiry' first using the 'Contact Host' option on the booking page to state the purpose of your visit, so we can check to see if we would be able to accommodate your stay; otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel any confirmed reservation made without our approval.

The units are cleaned by a specialized short-term rental cleaning company. The yard is fully fenced in. All the units are completely separated. The house also has exterior cameras on the rear of the house for added security. It is recommended that guests lock their cars doors and remove valuables from the car. The unit is approx. 750 square feet. Pets are more than welcome; however, there is a pet fee that will be collected immediately after booking.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Alexa
Host User ID: 9730317
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/9730317
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’ve been a Superhost since 2014 and love welcoming guests. I’ve hosted more than 5,000 Airbnb reservations and over 40,000 Airbnb guests.

In the last year, nearly every stay has earned a five-star review, and I maintain a 100% response rate.

I work with trusted local business and genuinely care that every stay feels community-driven, smooth, comfortable, and well thought out :)

If I haven't already, I hope to host you soon!
Born in the 90s
My work: Chief Smile Officer
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
3482 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting