URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1300791302884002182
Latitude: 36.1466
Longitude: -86.8169
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Nashville Nightlife by AvantStay. This retro-modern Midtown condo puts you two minutes from Centennial Park and a quick ride from Broadway, with resort-style building amenities to come home to.

🌳 Two-minute walk to Centennial Park
🏊 Pool, poolside BBQ & fitness center access
🎸 Quick ride to Broadway & downtown

The space
Set in the heart of Nashville's Midtown, Nashville Nightlife brings retro-modern style to one of Music City's most walkable pockets. This two-bedroom, two-bath condo lives inside Odyssey at the Park, a contemporary building where floor-to-ceiling windows pull in the light and an open-concept layout keeps the living, dining, and kitchen spaces flowing together — designed for a group that wants to be close to the action without giving up comfort.

The main living area sets the tone with a comfortable seating area, a smart TV, and big windows framing the city beyond. Just off the living room, a private patio is the spot for a slow morning coffee or a quiet breather before heading out. The fully equipped kitchen keeps pace with stainless steel appliances and island seating that's as good for a quick snack as a full spread, whether you're cooking in or laying out takeout from one of the neighborhood's many restaurants.

When it's time to wind down, the primary suite offers a plush king bed, a smart TV, and an en-suite bath with a spacious walk-in shower. The second bedroom keeps things easy with two twin beds, and a second full bath off the living area rounds out the layout with a shower-tub combo — comfortable and private whichever room you land in.

As a guest at Odyssey at the Park, you'll also have access to the building's resort-style amenities, including a pool with poolside BBQ and lounge seating, plus a state-of-the-art fitness center to keep your routine on track. Elevator access makes moving through the building effortless.

Location is where this home really sings. A two-minute walk drops you at Centennial Park — 130-plus acres of green with walking trails and the full-scale replica of the Parthenon at its center. Midtown's spread of restaurants, coffee shops, and local haunts sits right outside the door, and Vanderbilt University is just up the road. When the honky-tonks and live music start calling, Broadway is a quick four-minute drive, putting the full roar of downtown — the Country Music Hall of Fame, Bridgestone Arena, Music City Center — within easy reach. It's a base camp built for soaking up everything Nashville does best, then coming home to a quiet, comfortable place to land.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This unit is located on the 1st floor, and the building does have an elevator to take you to each floor.
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note, this is nearby construction for surrounding buildings. Depending on your length of stay and booking dates, guests may experience nearby construction noise.

Parking Details:
- Parking is provided on a first-come, first-serve basis in the top-floor parking garage. No reserved parking. Guests can park in any spot that is not marked reserved. No parking pass required.
- If no garage spaces are available upon your arrival, or If you have extra vehicles, additional street parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

STR Permit Registration Number: 202/307/8858

Registration Details
2023078858

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6903 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting