URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/34641121
Latitude: 36.19701
Longitude: -86.77003
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 10
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Hey Y'all! Welcome to your ultimate Nashville getaway, a spacious private townhouse in vibrant East Nashville, only 2 miles (minutes) from Broadway's honky-tonks, live music, and downtown energy.
Perfect for friends, families, bachelorette/bachelor groups, or music lovers wanting space to relax and play. Enjoy exclusive amenities rarely found in Nashville: a private movie theater, game room, and huge rooftop with epic city views for sunset drinks, stargazing, or group hangouts.

The space
Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway! This spacious 2,203 sqft, 3-story home is designed with every traveler in mind. Whether you’re here for a family vacation, group retreat, or Music City adventure, this home has it all – from a private movie theater to a rooftop with breathtaking downtown views!

Property Highlights :

3 Bedrooms, 3.5 Bathrooms – Sleeps up to 10 guests with ample space and comfort
Movie Theater & Game Room – Your very own entertainment oasis
Rooftop Terrace – Relax with a Downtown Nashville Skyline View
Keyless Entry – Easy, secure access with a code provided 48 hours before check-in

Entry Floor – Entertainment Zone:

First Bedroom: Features 2 Full Beds and an ensuite bathroom for your convenience.
Private Home Theater:
100" Movie Screen with Surround Sound
8 Reclining Theater Seats
Streaming access to Netflix, Disney+, Hulu, Amazon Prime, and more!
PlayStation 4 with games & Arcade games
Beer-Pong Table, Giant Jenga, Cornhole, Giant Connect 4, and more!
Electric Fireplace and Neon Lights for a cool vibe!

 First Floor – Living & Dining:

Spacious Living Room: Comfortable seating for 10 with a Smart TV offering Disney+, Hulu, Netflix.
Fully Equipped Kitchen: Toaster, Keurig, cookware, wine glasses, shot glasses, and dinnerware.
Extra Sleeping: Two Queen Sofa Beds for additional guests.

 Second Floor – Bedrooms & Laundry:

Queen Suite: 2 Queen Beds, Ensuite Bath, WFH Desk, Ergonomic Chair, Smart TV
Royal King Room: King Bed, Ensuite Bath, and Smart TV
Laundry Room: Washer & Dryer for your convenience.

 Rooftop – Outdoor Oasis:

Seating Area: Comfortable outdoor furniture and tables
Hammock: Perfect for relaxing
Sunshade Chairs & Beach Chairs: Enjoy the amazing downtown Nashville skyline views
Outdoor TV: Watch your favorite shows or games while soaking up the city vibes
Smoking Area: Designated outdoor space

 Additional Sleeping Options :

If more space is needed, you’ll find 3 rollout beds. The 2 sofa beds in the living room can also be transformed into beds.

Parking :

2-Car Garage: Secure parking space is available
Street Parking: Plenty of additional parking available nearby
Note: Please do not park in the driveway or block other units' garages.

Guest access
The home is entirely yours for the duration of your stay. Enjoy total privacy and convenience. Access is provided through a keyless entry system, with a personalized code sent to you 48 hours before your arrival.

Other things to note
★★★★ GREAT FOR LARGE GROUPS ★★★★
We own the whole complex. There are 5 side by side large beautiful NEW townhomes with the capability of holding up to 50 guests. Each house has 3 bedrooms and 3.5 baths. 2 of the units have movie theaters. We have accommodation that can fit any group size, so please inquire and we will find the best option for you!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Itay
Host User ID: 115173292
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115173292
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
In the past 6 years, we've been working with large groups and became experts in hosting bachelorette/bachelor parties, family reunions, corporate retreats, and weddings.
We know that guests are looking for an enjoyable and pleasant experience, so we carefully selected our homes' portfolio and designed each home with our guests in mind. All our properties have private open space, hangout areas, large bedrooms with plenty of comfortable beds and located close to all the hot spots The city has to offer.  
We are also locals with real-time availability. Please reach out to us with any questions about the property or any requests or recommendations.
Born in the 80s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
1374 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting