URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/48105158
Latitude: 36.1592
Longitude: -86.81953
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Nashville Cozy Retreat! Nestled in the heart of Music City, this charming vacation rental offers the perfect escape for your Nashville adventure.

Step inside this inviting retreat and instantly feel at home. The warm and cozy ambiance welcomes you, enveloping you in comfort and relaxation. The tastefully decorated living area features plush furnishings, providing the ideal spot to unwind after a day of exploring the city.

The space
The Nashville Cozy Retreat boasts a fully equipped kitchen, complete with modern appliances and all the essentials you need to whip up delicious meals. Enjoy your morning coffee or a leisurely breakfast at the cozy dining nook, setting the perfect tone for your day.

The bedroom is a tranquil oasis, furnished with a comfortable bed adorned with soft linens. Sink into the plush pillows and indulge in a restful night's sleep, rejuvenating you for another day of Nashville adventures.

The highlight of this retreat is the private outdoor space, where you can relax and soak up the Tennessee sunshine. Whether you're sipping on a refreshing drink, reading a book, or simply enjoying the peaceful ambiance, this serene patio is the perfect spot to unwind.

Conveniently located, the Nashville Cozy Retreat offers easy access to the city's vibrant music scene, iconic landmarks, and delicious dining options. Immerse yourself in the rich culture and lively atmosphere that Nashville is famous for, all while knowing you have a cozy haven to return to at the end of the day.

Book your stay at the Nashville Cozy Retreat and experience the best of Music City with comfort and style. Your unforgettable Nashville getaway starts here!

Layout: 
The first floor of this beautiful home is comprised of 1 living space, dining room, kitchen, and half bath. The second floor has 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. Don`t forget to relax on the Master Upstairs outdoor deck or the beautiful, covered backyard patio both with fire pits for those Nashville Nights!
Parking:
There is plenty of parking available in the back of the house which is fully gated and secured!
Guest access
You will have 100% private access to the entire property during your stay. Contactless check in with your own personal Nest Code, NO NEED TO REMEMBER A KEY!

Guest access
Access to entire home except garage. Private parking within gated backyard.

Other things to note
Be a kind and considerate.  Treat the place as if it were your home. Remember that the home belongs to us and we do reside here; please leave it just as neat and tidy as you found it.

There is a security camera on the front and back porch. This video footage is not shared and is recorded for liability reasons. 

No rowdiness, or glitter. (Can't believe we needed to add that last one, but we did.). Pets allowed on case by case basis. 

While families and children are always welcome, make note that the home is not child-proofed. The guest assumes all liability and expenses to repair damages/loss when making a reservation to stay with us.

Smoking is only permitted outside and cigarette butts must be disposed of properly. (No ifs, ands, or butts about it.)  No smoking in the home at any time.  Automatic loss of deposit if evidence of smoking inside house.

We care about our neighbors and our community, so please be sensitive and respectful with your volume levels. Quiet hours are from Midnight to 7am daily. (Noise violations and/or complaints will result in termination of the reservation without refund. So, seriously... Be respectful of others.)

Bachelorette / bachelor / birthday and other celebrations are permitted so long as all house rules are respected, the person making the booking assumes responsibility for the group as well as the home & its contents, and all guests agree to be mindful of our neighbors and our home.  If you are looking for a party house, please look elsewhere.  

For liability reasons, only those guests specifically accounted for in the reservation are permitted to stay on the property. Attempts made to bring undisclosed guests/visitors onto the property will result in immediate termination of the reservation without refund.

Communicate any breakages or damage. We understand accidents happen, so just let us know if one does. Usually we can address these sorts of things quickly and effortlessly if we’re informed in a timely manner — which means you're more likely to have your full security deposit returned.

While appliances and other household equipment are believed to be in new and in good working condition, some deficiencies only present themselves while they’re continuously used by guests. We reserve the right to take up to 24 hours to tend to non-emergency issues. Remember that this is an independently-owned home and we are therefore at the mercy of subcontractors’ availability for service and repairs. 

We are not responsible for any accidents, injuries, or illness that may occur while on the premises, or for the loss of personal belongings or valuables. By making a reservation, it is agreed that all guests expressly assume the risk of any harm arising from their use of the premises. Note: please be careful of fire pits on premise. We are not responsible for any damages or accidents while you use.

Follow check-out procedures and return the home in the condition you found it.

Must be 21 to rent property. 

Lock the house any time all guest are gone.  Also, lock the entire house during the night hours.

Pets are considered case by case. A nonrefundable pet deposit will be collected.  Below are the rules if your pet is approved. 

1) Guest must provide dog bedding/crate and towels to wipe off wet paws. Towels are not to be used for pets.
2) Please do not allow your dog on furniture or beds.
3) Do not leave your dog at the house unattended for extended period of time. If you do leave dog unattended, please crate or leave outside. 
4) Guests must pick up after their dog and discard waste properly.  Plastic bags can be found under the sink. 
5) Dogs are not allowed to be washed in the bathtub or showers.
6) Guests are responsible for cleaning up any “accidents” their dog has caused inside. Please notify us of any accidents or damage. 
7) Guests are required to pay for any damage their dog causes.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Anthony
Host User ID: 201895724
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/201895724
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Bakersfield CA
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
285 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting