URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1706689030244341506
Latitude: 36.1745
Longitude: -86.7947
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 31
beds: 38
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The ultimate Nashville group stay. Enjoy eight stylish Monroe Homes side-by-side, giving your group the perfect mix of togetherness, privacy, and comfort. Ideal for destination weddings, corporate retreats, family reunions, bachelorette trips, and large celebrations. Boutique design, modern amenities, and plenty of space for up to 92 guests—all in one unforgettable stay.

This listing includes Monroe Homes 1–8.

The space
Welcome to Monroe Houses , 8 of 16 custom-built homes arranged around a shared social courtyard on the Buena Vista / Germantown edge. This is not a random standalone rental with beds packed in. The whole community was designed for groups who want their own private house, real bedrooms, full kitchens, and a central place to gather.

Inside, Each house is a three-story townhome built in 2020 with high ceilings, big windows, modern finishes, and an open main level. The kitchen has a full-size fridge, dishwasher, gas range, coffee bar, cookware, dishes, and the basics for eating in before a night out. The dining area seats 8, and the living room gives the group a comfortable place to land between plans.

Each House has a sleeping setup is simple and group-friendly: 4 bedrooms, 5 beds, and 3 full baths across three floors. You also have fast Wi-Fi, central AC, smart TV, and in-unit washer/dryer.

Houses 1-7 have a  private garage is part of the fun: it has been converted into a ping-pong / game lounge. It is not for parking. The garage door opens directly onto the courtyard, so it works as another hangout space right off the action. Park free on Monroe St.

Out back, the house opens straight into the shared Monroe courtyard with two pickleball courts, fire pit seating, BBQ grills, outdoor dining tables, cornhole, foosball, and giant Jenga.

Guest access
Each House Guests have private access to the entire home, including the kitchen, living room, bedrooms, bathrooms, laundry area, and your own private attached two-car garage which has been converted into a ping-pong / game lounge. It is not for parking. The garage door opens directly onto the courtyard, so it works as another hangout space right off the action. Park free on Monroe St.
Shared Courtyard
Step outside your front door and you'll be right in the heart of the Monroe community—our shared social courtyard, designed for groups to gather, play, and enjoy time together.
Enjoy two pickleball courts, fire pit seating, BBQ grills, outdoor dining tables, cornhole, foosball, and giant Jenga.
The courtyard is shared with guests staying in the neighboring Monroe Houses, creating a fun and social atmosphere while you still enjoy the privacy of your own home.

Other things to note
Pet Policy
We’re delighted to welcome your four-legged travel companion! We allow up to three dogs per stay for a fee of $150 per pet. To help us properly prepare for your arrival, please let us know in advance if you'll be bringing a dog with you.

At this time, cats are not permitted.

No Smoking or Vaping
The Monroe House #15  is a 100% smoke- and vape-free property. Smoking and vaping are prohibited inside the House, and courtyard.
A $200 cleaning fee may be charged for violations of this policy.

Gather, Play & Be Respectful

Coming to Nashville with friends or family? We want you to have a great time! Small, respectful gatherings are welcome, and guests are encouraged to enjoy our shared courtyard, pickleball court, fire pits, BBQ grills, ping-pong, and cornhole.

We simply ask that you:
Keep noise at a respectful level, especially after 
11 PM
Make sure the number of guests matches your reservation
Respect other guests and our neighbors
Avoid excessive noise, illegal activity, and unauthorized guests
Security cameras are located in common and exterior areas to help maintain a safe and enjoyable environment for everyone.

Superhost Hospitality
Stay with confidence knowing you’re in experienced hands. Our team has welcomed hundreds of Nashville guests, and we pride ourselves on providing clean spaces, responsive communication, and an easy arrival experience. Our Airbnb recognition for a Great Check-In Experience reflects what we aim to deliver with every reservation: a smooth arrival, a comfortable stay, and a Nashville experience worth remembering.

Have questions before or during your stay? Send us a message anytime. We’re here to help make your Nashville trip a great one.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Notable Collection
Host User ID: 699711821
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699711821
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
2514 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting