URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/934723197222584691
Latitude: 36.1517
Longitude: -86.7779
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This vibrant downtown three-bedroom, two-bathroom condo perfectly captures the essence of fun and excitement. Enjoy a stylish experience at this centrally-located place with amazing amenities! Only a 15 minute walk to Broadway, the famous honky-tonk strip! 

Within walking distance or a very quick Uber ride to popular attractions such as Lower Broadway, Bars, Restaurants, Bridgestone Arena, Country Music Hall of Fame, Music City Convention Center, The Gulch, Ascend Amphitheater and so much more!

The space
AMAZING AMENITIES INCLUDED:
★ Outdoor Pool w/ sunbathing deck 
★ Poolside Cabanas + In-Pool Loungers
★ Courtyard hang-out area with fire pits 
★ State-of-the-art fitness center 
★ Pelotons, Treadmills, Rower, Dumbbells
★ Gas Grill & Outdoor Ping-Pong Table 
★ Work & Hang-out Lounge
★ Coffee Bar w/ Keurig, Coffee pot & k-cups
★ Mirrors - body mirrors & lighted makeup mirrors
★ XL Balcony w/ comfy seating & city views 
★ On-Site Concierge & Security Officer
★ Complimentary Luggage Storage 
★ Latch Smart locks Installed throughout building
★ Free parking 
★ Walk to 100s of bars and restaurants 

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Stay with confidence at the highest-rated unit in the entire Hyve building! With over 100 five-star reviews, our space has consistently outshined others thanks to exceptional comfort, cleanliness, and thoughtful hospitality. Whether you're here for business or leisure, enjoy a stay that countless guests have already raved about. Experience the difference of a proven, guest-loved home away from home! - Hosts, Allie, Calvin and Dylan with Stay Nashville, LLC

This stunning 1250 sq ft three-bedroom, two-bathroom retreat offers the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and style. Situated in the heart of the city, you'll find yourself just steps away from Nashville's vibrant downtown scene. 

You'll be greeted by a spacious and tastefully decorated living area, designed to provide a relaxing atmosphere for you and your fellow guests. The open-concept layout allows for seamless interaction between the living, dining, and kitchen areas, making it ideal for entertaining and spending quality time together. 

One of the highlights of this Airbnb is the range of exceptional amenities available to you. Take a dip in the refreshing pool with sunbathing ledge and cabanas, relax in the serene courtyard with fire pits, or keep up with your fitness routine at the well-equipped gym. If you need to catch up on work during your stay, the dedicated work center provides a quiet and productive environment. 

But let's talk about what truly sets this condo apart: its unbeatable location! Tucked right into downtown Nashville, you're literally moments away from all the excitement. Whether you're in the mood for live music, chic bars, or grabbing a bite to eat, it's all right outside your door.

3 BEDROOMS & 2 FULL BATHROOMS:
★Bedroom #1 has one king bed 
★Bedroom #2 has one king bed
★Bedroom #3 has two full beds 

Additional (not pictured): comfortable deluxe twin rollaway bed w/ lux memory foam and twin air mattress 

AMAZING LOCATION TO ALL HOT SPOTS:
★ Broadway/Famous Strip - 15 minute walk 
★ Music City Convention Center - 5 minute walk 
★ City Winery - 5 minute walk
★ Ole Smoky Moonshine Distillery - 5 minute walk
★The Gulch - 5 minute walk
★ Country Music Hall of Fame - 8 minute walk
★ Bridgestone Arena - 13 minute walk 
★ Nissan Stadium - 25 minute walk

★AND MUCH MORE WITH 100s OF BARS AND RESTAURANTS WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE★

Guest access
This secure building is equipped smart locks throughout. Using the DOOR app is a building requirement and part of the safety rules that all guests must use the DOOR app during their stay. 

Only guests with DOOR access are permitted into the building. There are no keys or number pads in this building. The Latch App offers better security and easier access for all guests. All guests must use the DOOR App on their smartphone to unlock doors. 

DOOR access starts at 4pm day of check-in and expires the day of check-out at 10am.

Other things to note
★ CHECK-IN: 4:00 PM
CHECK-OUT: BY 10:00 AM
PLEASE NOTE: We have very high occupancy. If you need additional time at the property (before 4pm check-in or after 10am check-out) please consider booking an extra night before your stay for early check-in or an additional night at the end of your stay for late check-out. There is also complimentary luggage storage in the lobby if needed. Thank you for understanding! 

★ Nashville is a vibrant, rapidly expanding city, and Hyve is situated in an urban downtown setting. Like any major city or urban area, you may encounter noise from sirens, trains, construction, music, other tourists, as well as see nearby homelessness. If you are particularly sensitive to noise or the presence of homelessness in the city of Nashville, you may want to explore accommodations located 10-15 minutes away from downtown Nashville. Most of our guests do not have any problems but it's important to note in case you aren't used to an urban downtown environment. Hyve is a safe and secure building with professional on-site security and Latch app access needed to enter the building.

★ Kindly note, the entire building is a smoke & vape free environment. There is no smoking or vaping allowed anywhere inside the units, hallways, balconies, parking garages, common areas,  pool, courtyard, etc. The smoke alarms inside the building will be trigged with any smoke or vape detected. On-site management and security are giving minimum $300 fines per occurrence. You must smoke and vape at least 20 feet away from the entire building premises, across the street.

★Complimentary Luggage Storage is now available with on-site concierge from 9:30am-5:30pm. If you are interested in this service, please let us know during the booking process so we can make the proper arrangements. Our cleaners will not hold luggage inside unit. Check-in is at 4pm and check-out is by 10am. 

★The building has a free secured parking garage located on the upper level (same level as the lobby) for owners & guests; approximately 25 paces, first come/first served.  In addition, there is an on-site paid public parking garage on the lower level if upper level parking garage is full. Free street parking and paid EV Parking also available. Please note, free parking is not guaranteed during your stay & is simply on a first come, first served basis. Please park in a space that's not reserved. 

★Building and community amenity spaces are available to all Hyve guests. We as hosts have no control over them and their cleanliness, maintenance, repair, and/or availability. In the event any of the building amenities become unavailable or have issues, we assume no responsibility for these spaces, will not provide a refund of any kind, and will inform the HOA of such. Pool is open March-Oct for the season. 

Thank you for reading our entire listing! If you have made it this far, please feel free to reach out to us with any questions! We'd love the opportunity to host you!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Allie
Host User ID: 285748255
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/285748255
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’ve been a professional Airbnb host in Nashville for 7 years and was honored to be named Host of the Year in 2021! 

I believe great stays start with easy communication, clear expectations, and spotless homes—creating spaces guests love coming back to again and again! 

My husband and I co-own a boutique property management company called Stay Nashville, LLC. We also love buying, selling, and flipping homes as investments. 

I’d love the opportunity to host you and your group here in Nashville!
Born in the 80s
My work: Professional Host
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1658 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting