URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1761226862634446580
Latitude: 36.1707
Longitude: -86.7952
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to this bright and inviting home located in Nashville’s desirable Germantown area! Enjoy comfort and convenience, situated just minutes from downtown attractions like Broadway, and Bridgestone Arena. Ideal for groups seeking both relaxation and fun city experiences, this property features modern amenities, easy access to key venues, and ample space both indoors and outdoors.

The space
THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR . . .

✓ Family Getaways – Comfortable, safe, with a nearby playground.

✓ Bachelorette & Bachelor Parties – Chic spaces near nightlife hotspots.

✓ Concert & Event Travelers – Quick Uber rides to major Nashville venues.

✓ Corporate & Business Stays – Reliable WiFi and workspace.

✓ Friend Reunions – Generous common spaces and convenient amenities.

✓ And More! – Versatile layout accommodating diverse travel needs.

LIVING & DINING

⊙ Open-concept living area designed for socializing and relaxation.

⊙ Fully equipped Southern-style kitchen with high-quality appliances.

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌BEDROOMS

⊙ Bedroom 1 – King bed, premium comfort, spacious layout.

⊙ Bedroom 2 – Queen bed, cozy and inviting ambiance.

⊙ Bedroom 3 – Queen bed, comfortable retreat ideal for restful sleep.

⊙ Additional sleeping – Convenient sofa bed in living room.

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌BATHROOMS

⊙ Bathroom 1 – Luxurious finishes, stocked with essential amenities.

⊙ Bathroom 2 – Comfortable and modern, complete with toiletries.

⊙ Bathroom 3 (half bath) – Additional convenience for larger groups.

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌OUTDOOR & COMMUNITY FEATURES

⊙ Expansive private backyard with comfortable outdoor seating.

⊙ Secure gated parking area in the backyard.

⊙ Playground directly across the street, ideal for families.

Guest access
⊙ You’ll have full access to the entire home, including all indoor and outdoor spaces.

⊙ Self check-in with a smart lock—your code will be sent before arrival.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4542 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting