URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1601514429420982096
Latitude: 36.2084
Longitude: -86.7852
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
🚨 New Listing Alert! 🚨

Be one of the first to stay at Nashville's most extraordinary new luxury property. The Nash Getaway sleeps 9 in Four boutique hotel-inspired bedrooms that will comfortably sleep 12-16 guests. Private rooftop hot tub with downtown skyline views 🌇, outdoor kitchen & grill 🔥, fire pit & outdoor TV. Stunning community pool 🏊 and cabana, and a private karaoke stage & bar inspired by the legendary Station Inn 🎤. Nothing else like this in Nashville. Book now! 🎸✨

The space
✨ THE SPACE✨ 

Welcome to The Nash Getaway — a luxury group retreat unlike anything else in Nashville. This stunning multi-level property was designed from the ground up to give your group the full Music City experience without ever leaving home base. Designed to host groups comfortably while still offering the privacy and relaxation of a luxury retreat, The Nash Getaway balances vibrant gathering spaces with restful private rooms — so everyone can stay together while still enjoying their own place to unwind.
From the moment you walk in, the level of design is unmistakable. The main living area features rich forest-green velvet sofas, a floor-to-ceiling slatted wood accent wall with a linear fireplace, a dramatic ceiling, and sculptural brass chandeliers. Beautiful burl wood bar stocked with champagne glasses. Nashville coffee table books, vintage music photography, and actual instruments displayed above the kitchen cabinets set the tone — this is a space that takes its city seriously.🎸

The kitchen is fully equipped for groups — a large waterfall quartz island seats six.  A gas range, stainless steel fridge, dishwasher, and everything you need to cook for a crowd. 🍳 Keurig with milk frother, drip coffee maker, blender, toaster oven, airfryer and more!

🛏️ THE BEDROOMS

With 9 beds across four uniquely designed bedrooms, the layout makes it easy for everyone to stay together while still having their own space to retreat to. At the end of the evening, each bedroom becomes its own quiet escape — featuring plush, hotel-quality bedding and refined interiors designed for a restful night's sleep after a full day exploring Nashville. No two rooms are alike, and every one is finished to the level of a boutique hotel suite.

🤠 Bedroom 1 — Two full beds with mounted reading lights, vanity table with stools and illuminated mirror and charging station - en suite bathroom with globe vanity lighting.
👑 Bedroom 2 — King bed with desk and chair - en suite bath.
🎵 Bedroom 3 — Two queen beds with mounted reading lights, Full-size mirror, vanity table with stools and illuminated mirror and charging station - en suite bath.
🎉🫅 Bedroom 4 (The Bunk Room) — Custom-built natural wood quad queen bunk beds sleeping up to 8 guests, each with individual reading lights.  Full-size mirror, vanity table with stools and illuminated mirror and charging station - en suite bath with double sinks and massive double shower.

🚿 THE BATHROOMS

Four designer bathrooms, each completely unique. Expect bold wallpaper, statement lighting, and hotel-quality amenities including luxury shower gel, shampoo and conditioner in each shower and makeup remover towelettes at every sink. 🪥✨

🎤 THE STATION INN LOUNGE

This is what sets The Nash Getaway apart from every other rental in Nashville. The ground-floor entertainment lounge is a full tribute to the legendary Station Inn — Nashville's most iconic bluegrass venue. A raised wooden stage, two mic stands, a guitar, full karaoke setup 🎶, velvet tufted sofas, a solid wood bar 🍻, a popcorn machine 🍿, big screen TV, and walls covered floor-to-ceiling in vintage concert posters — Johnny Cash, Dolly Parton, Patsy Cline, and more. Whether you're hosting your own private show or just soaking in the atmosphere, this room is the soul of the property.

🌇 THE ROOFTOP

Take the experience upstairs to a rooftop designed for unforgettable Nashville nights. With sweeping views of the downtown skyline, this outdoor space is made for gathering and celebrating.

The covered pergola zone features a fully equipped outdoor kitchen 🔥 — stainless steel gas grill with oven, outdoor beverage fridge 🍺, sink, and counter space. Watch the game on the outdoor TV 📺, sip morning coffee as the city wakes up, or shake sunset cocktails under string lights ✨. The open-air zone has a large bubbling hot tub 🛁, a fire pit lounge, and a giant Connect Four 🎮. Late at night, when the Nashville skyline glows against the sky and the city lights come alive below, this rooftop delivers an experience your group won't forget. 🌅

🏠 OTHER HIGHLIGHTS

💦 Community Pool Access with sun loungers, cabana and fire pit  **Pool Season Ends September 30th**
🫧 In-unit washer/dryer
📺 Smart TVs + High-Speed WiFi +
🃏Games in lounge and living area
🔑 Keypad entry, self check-in
🚗 Free parking
🔐Secure, gated entry 

🎉 IDEAL FOR

Bachelorette parties 👯‍♀️ · Bachelor weekends 🕺 · Birthday celebrations 🎂 · Girls' trips 💅 · Couples getaways 💑 · Family reunions · Music lovers 🎸 · Corporate retreats 💼 · Anyone who wants to experience Nashville in serious style 🤩

📍 THE LOCATION

The Nash Getaway puts you minutes from the best of Nashville — downtown honky-tonks 🤠, East Nashville dining 🍽️, and everything in between. But with a rooftop like this and a private music venue downstairs, you might not want to leave. 😏

📋 HOUSE RULES

Please refer to the house rules section for full details on noise, parking, and guest policies.

• Minimum age to book: The primary guest must be at least 25 years old and present during the stay.

• No parties or events: While the home is perfect for gatherings and celebrations, large parties or events are not permitted.

• Respect for neighbors: Please be mindful of our neighbors and observe quiet hours in the evening.

• Parking: Free parking is available at the property. Additional details will be provided before check-in.

• Rooftop & hot tub: The rooftop is one of the highlights of the home. Please use the space responsibly.

• On-site security: For guest safety and peace of mind, a security officer is present on-site Friday through Sunday evenings. For safety purposes, exterior security cameras may be present at entry points. There are no cameras inside the home. 

• Professional cleaning: The home is professionally cleaned and prepared before every stay to ensure a comfortable and welcoming experience.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! We look forward to hosting you at The Nash Getaway!

Guest access
The entire home is yours to enjoy. Guests have full access to the property and all of its amenities throughout their stay.

Other things to note
• Minimum age to book: The primary guest must be at least 25 years old and present during the stay.

• No parties or events: While the home is perfect for gatherings and celebrations, large parties or events are not permitted.

• Respect for neighbors: Please be mindful of our neighbors and observe quiet hours in the evening.

• Parking: Free parking is available at the property. Additional details will be provided before check-in.

• Rooftop & hot tub: The rooftop is one of the highlights of the home. Please use the space responsibly.

• On-site security: For guest safety and peace of mind, a security officer is present on-site Friday through Sunday evenings. For safety purposes, exterior security cameras may be present at entry points. There are no cameras inside the home. 

• Professional cleaning: The home is professionally cleaned and prepared before every stay to ensure a comfortable and welcoming experience.

Registration Details
2026001299

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jennifer
Host User ID: 2116242
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/2116242
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Spartanburg, South Carolina
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
8 months hosting
17 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
8 months of hosting