URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/20458812
Latitude: 36.13472
Longitude: -86.80364
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Bedroom 1: King Bed | Bedroom 2: King Bed | 2 Full en suite Bathrooms

Family-friendly 2BR/2BA condo in Hillsboro Village near Vanderbilt & Belmont, just 2 miles to Downtown Nashville & Broadway. Walk to restaurants, coffee shops & boutiques. Quiet residential setting away from party noise. Two king beds, Pack-n-Play, washer/dryer & free parking. Minutes to 12 South, Music Row & Midtown. Ideal for families, university visits & extended stays.

The space
Our unit features a spacious living space, outfitted with clean minimalist furnishings and homey accent pieces that create a modern but welcoming unit. The full kitchen appointed with stainless steel appliances and a Keurig coffee maker mean that cooking for yourself is always an easy option. Eat or just hang out at the four seater high-top table. Enjoy downtime in the living room with its plush sectional sofa and flat screen Smart TV with local channels. Two private bedrooms complete with full en suite bathrooms provide everyone their own space to recuperate. Additional guests can snooze on the oversized couch in the living room which comfortably sleeps two and/or blow up the inflatable double bed - sheets and pillows are located in the unit to facilitate both of these sleeping solutions.

Guest access
You have access to the entire unit.

Other things to note
Hillsboro Village is a slice of southern charm tucked away from the hustle and bustle of downtown Nashville. Eat dinner like a local at the historic Brown’s Diner which has continuously served Nashvillians since 1927 when it opened as a mule drawn trolley car. Other local restaurants are the famous Pancake Pantry and coffee enthusiast haven Fido. Don’t forget to consider eating brunch at Biscuit Love or Ruby Sunshine. The Grilled Cheeserie offers a unique and memorable lunch experience. The Village also hosts familiar favorites like Hopdoddy, Double Dogs, Jeni’s, and Crumbl Cookies. Provisions are plentiful as well with a Kroger grocery store and Village Wines located a short walk away down tree lined 21st Avenue. Looking for something to do? The Belcourt Theatre has been operating in the Village since 1925 and screens a variety of films every day. AnzieBlue, AB, offers regular live music performances. On a sunny day it’s hard to beat Fannie Mae Dees Park, better known to locals as Dragon Park for its large mosaic dragon sculpture. Shopping opportunities abound with the Village’s flower shop, jewelry stores, and numerous clothing shops like Posh, Altar’d State, Molly Green, Rebecca James, Dress Up, Festivity, UAL, and the Nash Collection. All of this is located in just a small 5 block radius largely in beautiful, historic brick buildings. Several distinctive artworks and murals ad to the ambience of the neighborhood.

Nearby and within walking distance is Vanderbilt University and its medical center. Also nearby is the commercial district at 12th South, Belmont University, Music Row, and Nashville's Centennial park and full sized replica parthenon. The Village is located less than two miles from the heart of Nashville’s downtown scene and the trip can be made by foot, Nashville’s WeGo’s Number 7 Bus which runs every 20 minutes, car, or rental bike.

Downtown Nashville is home to a potpourri of exciting attractions. Pay homage to the legends at the Country Music Hall of Fame or get tickets for a show at the Ryman Auditorium. See a show at the Ascend Amphitheater or take in some history at the Tennessee State Museum.

Free parking in the front of the building. One parking spot reserved per booking. 

For ONLY 30+ Day Stays – Required Recurring Cleaning (Scope, Cost & Exclusions)

For reservations of 30+ nights, recurring cleanings are required to maintain the home.

Frequency:
Weekly (every 7 days) 

Cost:
INCLUDED in the monthly price per night, charged at cost (our cleaner’s rate; no markup).
Additional guest or pet fees may apply per House Rules.
(Service animals are exempt from pet fees.)

Included cleaning scope:
Scrubbing bathrooms (toilets, showers, tubs, sinks, mirrors)
Vacuuming rugs and floors
Mopping hard floors
Changing bed sheets
Starting one load of used sheets

Not included:
Personal laundry
Dishes or dishwashing
Tidying personal belongings
Trash removal beyond normal kitchen/bath receptacles

Access:
Guest agrees to allow cleaner entry with 24+ hours notice. Refusal of required cleaning may result in additional charges or cancellation for violation of House Rules.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: MKS Properties
Host User ID: 144570905
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/144570905
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey y'all! 

I'm Molly, founder of MKS Properties. I moved to Nashville over 32 years ago and fell in love with the city. Now, I host here and in Treasure Island, FL!
My work: Professional Host!
Fun fact: I've met an astronaut
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
719 reviews
4.73 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting