URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1364791864293670455
Latitude: 36.2072
Longitude: -86.7666
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome To The Muse, Inspiration. Tribute to all the Legend of Music. 

Short Drive, less than 10 minutes to Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, The Music City Center, and Country Music Hall of fame and All of Nashville finest.

! Top Notched Spacious 3-Story Home with Comfort and Unique Themed rooms, Ultimate Party room, Designed for Ultimately the Best Nashville Experience. 

Fully Equipped Kitchen, Supplies, Coffee, Comfortable Beds and Premium Linens
!!!Free Parking in Gated Complex

The space
This Top Notched and Spacious 3 story Home is in  perfect location to enjoy the Best of all the action of Nashville Finest, while also offering the peacefulness escapes from The Downtown Craziness. Located in the East Nashville, we are less than 10 Minutes drive or Uber ride to Broadway Street, Bridgestone Arena, The Ryman, and the Honky-Tonk. 
So much thought and work was put into this place to provide you with the Ultimate Nashville Experience. Come and pay tribute to all the greatest Musicians from many kind of genre both past and modern era throughout the place. 

This Condo can comfortably sleep up to 8 Guests. ensuring everyone has a delightful and restful stay.

This place is designed to suit all kind of Travelers, perfect for weekend traveler looking for a time of their life at the Honky-Tonks or for Business Travelers looking to unwind during the week. This place also would be a great stage to host a Special occasions like Bachelor or Bachelorette party and Birthday weekend getaway. 

Living room: located on the first floor, This space is set to be the Ultimate Hangout and party areas. You will also find walls that pay tribute to all the greats artists of the past era and modern era. Madonna, The Rolling stone, The Beatles, Elvis, AC/DC you will find them all and many more. Come pay tribute to your favorite artist. This space also features a Comfortable King Sized sleeper pull out Sofa with a Large Smart Tv,  and High Speed Wifi. 

There is also a half bathroom located in the living room. 

Kitchen: This Home has a fully equipped kitchen and Dining set with Keurig Coffee Maker and complimentary Keurig pods in variety of flavor. 

This luxurious retreat offers two elegantly furnished bedrooms:

-Bedroom One: Located on the Top floor or 3rd floor and Features One King- sized beds for a regal night's sleep, adorned with premium linens. This bedroom is connected to Bathroom with a Bath tub shower style Along with all the toiletry essentials one might need during your stay. Additionally a make up room with a Photoshoot wall. Along with all the toiletry essentials one might need during your stay.

We also have dedicated Workspace area on the top floor(3rd) by bedroom one

Bedroom Two: Located on 2nd floor, Equipped Two Queen-sized bed, adorned with plush pillows, perfect for a restful stay for multiple guests. The second bathroom features a bathtub style shower that includes all the toiletry essentials one might need during your stay. There is walk in closet that will have extra pillows and blankets available to use.

Both bathrooms include 2 rolls of toilet paper, shampoo, conditioner, body wash and premium hair dryer.

The unit includes a full washer and dryer, Dishwasher, iron and ironing board.

There is free parking in the complex

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire home. 
There is also free parking spaces in the complex.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Phubodee
Host User ID: 549157111
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/549157111
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
My work: Hosting
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
3 years hosting
1510 reviews
4.72 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting