URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1536394378536029312
Latitude: 36.1683
Longitude: -86.7594
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a stay in a beautifully renovated historic church, now transformed into a stylish modern condo in East Nashville. This 1-bedroom retreat offers a queen bed, sleeper sofa, full kitchen, and all the essentials — WiFi, A/C, and easy self check-in. Located just minutes from downtown, you’ll be close to Nashville’s best restaurants, music venues, and local hotspots while relaxing in a cozy, comfortable space.

The space
UNIT F

Experience a one-of-a-kind stay in one of six beautifully designed condos built within a restored historic church in East Nashville. This thoughtfully furnished home blends original charm with modern comfort, making it the perfect home base for your Nashville adventure.

Located just minutes from downtown, you’ll be close to some of the city’s best restaurants, coffee shops, and local favorites. East Nashville is a vibrant, creative neighborhood known for its welcoming community and unique character. While parts of the area are still transitioning, guests consistently describe it as safe, friendly, and full of local charm — and we’re sure you’ll love it too.

The space
This cozy 1-bedroom, 1-bath condo has everything you need for a relaxing and comfortable stay.

🛏 Sleeping arrangements: Queen-size 

🍳 Fully equipped kitchen: Fridge, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, dishes, utensils, and cookware

🛋 Living area: Comfortable seating with cable TV and WiFi for streaming or relaxing after a day in town

🌡 Comfort features: Air conditioning, heating, and self check-in via keypad

Whether you’re visiting for business, a weekend getaway, or to enjoy Nashville’s live music scene, this East Nashville gem offers a peaceful retreat with easy access to all the action.

Amenities
✅ Hair dryer
✅ Hangers
✅ Iron
✅ TV/cable
✅ WiFi
✅ Air conditioning
✅ Heating
✅ Smoke alarm
✅ Exterior security cameras
✅ Fridge
✅ Microwave
✅ Dishwasher
✅ Stove & oven
✅ Coffee maker
✅ Dishes and utensils
✅ Free street parking
✅ Self check-in with keypad

Guest access
You’ll have the entire condo to yourself during your stay.

Other things to note
Street parking is available along Shelby Avenue and is usually easy to find.
Please note that the bedroom does not have a door separating it from the common space.

Guest access
Guest access:
You’ll have the entire condo to yourself during your stay.

Other things to note
Street parking is available along Shelby Avenue and is usually easy to find.
Please note that the bedroom does not have a door separating it from the common space.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mike
Host User ID: 152189800
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/152189800
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
5 months hosting