URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1329006479550142941
Latitude: 36.199
Longitude: -86.8275
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This unique home has a style all its own. 
Pack your bags and let the adventure begin! Whether it’s a wild bachelorette or bachelor bash, or a sweet couple's retreat, birthday trip or just fun with family, travel is all about making memories and having fun. Nashville is your playground. 
We also offer experiences with one of our extra packages staging your specific events, let us make your stay easy for all your party needs. We specialize in Bachelorette, birthday party’s and proposals.

The space
Prime Location-
  9 minutes drive to Broadway’s legendary 
honky-tonks 
 10 minutes to historic Music Row, Vanderbilt and Centennial Park 
 15 minutes to Nashville airport 
 20 minutes to Grand Ole Opry 
Easy access to Nashville’s best restaurants, shops and attractions 

*The Living Room*

This area, marked by its dramatic and bold design, was specifically intended for the creation of unforgettable memories. It serves as a welcoming environment where individuals can authentically express themselves and connect with others. Whether celebrating special moments or simply enjoying time with friends, this space invites genuine interactions and lasting experiences.

The sofa is an elegant leather piece that can be adjusted to provide an additional sleeping option. The smart TV is a 70-inch Samsung model, complemented by a record player along with a selection of records for your enjoyment.

The open-concept design facilitates effortless social interaction and high-speed Wi-Fi, as well as a collection of books and reading materials. 
This home is staged for all your selfie pictures opportunities in mind. 
                                      “The Kitchen”

The kitchen is fully equipped with a gas range, dishwasher, refrigerator, drip coffee maker/ K-cup
(complimentary coffee provided), pots, pans, bakeware, cutting boards, microwave, knives, blender and just about everything you'll need for cooking and entertaining!

                                      “Dining Area” 

We think that environment where you eat is just as important as the food itself and the people you share it with! That’s why we have created this beautiful dining space to ensure a comfortable and welcoming setting for all your entertaining and enjoyment. The dinning table seats six, the bar seats three with a extra barstool if needed. 

                                       “Bedrooms”

With the multitude of exciting attractions Nashville has to offer, you'll want to have plenty of energy to make the most of your stay! Each bedroom features cozy beds and is designed with a musical theme to give you a taste of Nashville’s spirit in every room.
*The Nash Room* 
This room has a large queen bed designed with everything Nashville. Enjoy the 70in smart Samsung TV. You will be able to check out all your outfits in our full size dressing room mirror and attached master bath. Master bathroom has a two person walk-in wet shower with soaking tub. Double master sinks with full size dressing sink mirror. Fully opened to master bedroom. 
*Swifty Room* 
This room has a double bed all Taylor Swift inspired. LED lights in the headboard with twinkling lights on the boho tapestry for a delicate ambience. Two nightstands and long dresser to put away your clothes. 
*Dolly Room* 
This room is all Dolly inspired and has a large comfortable queen bed with LED lights in the headboard and a neon Howdy sign for those fun photo opportunities. This room has a dressing table with LED lights and dressing mirror.  A barn door closet for a place to put your luggage along with a tall dresser for your cloths. 
*Lainey’s Sitting room*
This space is all country chic pink fun designed with neon and twinkle lights and has a small twin pull out couch bed that can sleep one person comfortably. A sitting chair with a reading lamp. A half bathroom for your convenience and getting ready for big groups. 

                                        *Bathrooms*

Enjoy the comfort of two full bathrooms with showers, soaking tub, and essential toiletries included. With a half bathroom upstairs for those middle of the night restrooms visits and extra space to get ready for a night out on the town. 
Wrap up in fluffy towels, and take advantage of the hair dryer and personal hygiene products for added convenience. Relax and recharge in style!

                                       *Laundry Room*

The laundry room is located in the master floor, we provide a small amount of laundry pods and fabric softener sheets for your convenience.

Guest access
The guest will have complete access to the entire house as well as the gated area of the home. PLEASE be considerate of the neighbors and refrain from entering any of the adjacent properties.

Other things to note
We also provide support for staging events such as bachelor parties, birthday celebrations, proposals, and any other entertainment needs you may have during your stay, for an additional fee. Please inform us of your requests when you make your reservation with us.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tina
Host User ID: 330709656
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/330709656
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 70s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
529 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting