URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/548516773058496574
Latitude: 36.1751
Longitude: -86.7817
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Walking distance to everything Nashville!
Enjoy a stylish experience at this downtown, one bedroom condo with a porch overlooking the Cumberland River in the heart of Music City. POOL, GYM, FREE parking, only one mile to Broadway, and just a few blocks to live music, bars, dining, Germantown, the Capitol, the Nissan Stadium, the Nashville Sounds stadium, Top Golf and more. A fun and newly renovated space. The condo is set up with your comfort and convenience in mind with photo opportunities!!

The space
PLEASE read more details about this space to view our booking requirements.

Thank you for your interest in Hey Y'all Nashville!

WEEKEND RESERVATIONS:
Friday and Saturday MUST be booked together. Weekends are our most popular time in the city, which is why we require Friday and Saturday to be booked together. We have this rule due to the fact that it makes the other weekend night almost impossible to book if it is split up.

HOLIDAYS that include a MONDAY require SUNDAY night to be booked with the weekend. You may NOT check out on the Sunday preceding the Monday Holiday. EXAMPLE (included but not limited to): Presidents Day, Memorial Day, Veterans Day, Labor Day etc. The SUNDAY night into the MONDAY - MUST be included in your booking.

JUNE: 
CMA FEST - Reservation MUST Include Thursday to Monday (at minimum).

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Please read information below BEFORE contacting host.

RESERVATION HOLDS:
Please read information below BEFORE contacting host.

SUMMARY:
Furnished with your comfort in mind, makes you feel right at home. This cozy space features 1 King bed, 1 Queen sleeper sofa and Twin fold away bed.

Accommodates up to FIVE guests very comfortably. 

PARKING:
FREE PARKING for all that drive directly at the complex.

This condo is furnished with your comfort in mind and makes you feel right at home.

BEDROOM FEATURES:
1 King bed

LIVING ROOM:
1 Queen sleeper sofa
1 Twin fold-away

Accommodates up to FIVE guests total.

AMENITIES INCLUDE:
Free WiFi 
Flat screen TV in living room
Flat screen TV in bedroom 
Fully equipped kitchen
Dining Area Seating for 4
Iron/Iron board
Hair dryer
Fresh bed linens
Plush towels
Toiletries - shampoo, conditioner, body soap, body lotion
Cozy pillows 
Dishwasher
Keriug Coffee Maker - coffee, creamer, sugar
Central air-conditioning/heat
Outdoor patio 
Pool overlooking the Cumberland River
Pool towels
Community fire pit
Community gym
Community laundry facility

If this space is booked please feel free to inquire about our other accommodation options.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
In addition if you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

CLEANING:
We pride ourselves in providing a clean home for our guests. We hire cleaners that not only work hard, but take pride in their craft. They treat the property as their own and we pay them well for a thoroughly clean home. If during your stay, anything isn’t up to your standard please let us know immediately so that we can make it right for you right away. Your satisfaction is our top priority.

2022followed by 001followed by 173

Guest access
KEYLESS ENTRY:
Prior to your arrival, you will receive a unique keypad code that will serve as your keyless entry to the condo during your stay.

FREE PARKING:
Guests have free parking directly at the complex.

POOL:
Guests have access to the pool which overlooks the Cumberland River. Pool towels provided and chaises are on-site.
Pool is open May-September. Can close at any time at the discretion of building management. We are not responsible for pool closure.
Key card for pool is provided inside the condo.

GYM:
Gym is located at the very front of the complex.
Key card for gym is provided inside the condo.

LAUNDRY:
Laundry facility (app-based, no cash needed) onsite. Laundry detergent is provided. Key card for gym and pool access is provided inside the condo.
Key card for laundry is provided inside the condo.

Other things to note
We have worked very hard to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Please respect, care and be mindful of the surrounding neighbors so that guests can continue to enjoy the space for many years to come.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Please DO NOT ask for a early check in or late check out unless it’s the day prior to your arrival or the day before check out.
We HIGHLY SUGGEST the following if a early check in or late check out is needed:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
Again, Please DO NOT ask for a early check in or late check out unless it’s the day prior to your arrival or the day before check out.

RESERVATION HOLDS:
If you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

REFUNDS FOR CANCELLATIONS:
-100% refund is honored if your reservation is cancelled within 48 hours of booking your reservation, as long as your check in date is at least 14 days or more away.
-50% refund is honored if your reservation is canceled anytime after 48 hours of your booking and up to 7 days before check-in.
-0% refund is honored if your reservation is within 7 days of check-in.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dorinda
Host User ID: 28196034
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/28196034
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born and raised in Nashville, we are deeply connected to the local music, boating, and warm community that feels like family. We’ve thoughtfully prepared every detail to make your stay truly special and comfortable. Whether it’s your first visit or you’re a seasoned traveler, this is your home away from home. Need anything? Just ask, we’re here to ensure you feel right at home in your cozy Nashville retreat.
My work: CozyStays&HappyHeart
I spend too much time: Organizing
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
4448 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting