URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/19906783
Latitude: 36.13016
Longitude: -86.80058
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your quiet, private retreat in the heart of Belmont-Hillsboro Village, one of Nashville's most sought-after neighborhoods. This standalone home away from home is steps from Belmont U., Vandy, Hillsboro Vlg., 12 South, a grocery store & numerous restaurants. Clean and comfortable w/HVAC, hardwoods, full bath, washer/dryer, fast WiFi, well appointed kitchen, keyless entry, cable TV & a backup generator. Free on-street parking. Sleeps 4. We welcome all, but no smoking, vaping, parties or pets.

The space
𝐖𝐞𝐥𝐜𝐨𝐦𝐞 𝐭𝐨 𝐘𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐭𝐞 𝐑𝐞𝐭𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭 𝐢𝐧 𝐇𝐢𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐢𝐜 𝐁𝐞𝐥𝐦𝐨𝐧𝐭-𝐇𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐬𝐛𝐨𝐫𝐨 𝐕𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝐠𝐞
Thank you to Thrillist for featuring us in their guide to the best places to stay in Belmont-Hillsboro Village!

If you value privacy, cleanliness, and a little peace and quiet, you've found your spot — and we can't wait to host you. We welcome all!

𝐘𝐨𝐮𝐫 𝐎𝐰𝐧 𝐒𝐩𝐚𝐜𝐞, 𝐓𝐡𝐨𝐮𝐠𝐡𝐭𝐟𝐮𝐥𝐥𝐲 𝐃𝐞𝐬𝐢𝐠𝐧𝐞𝐝
You'll have an entire private space to yourself — a separate structure with its own entrance, HVAC system, and now a backup generator, so you're comfortable no matter what the weather brings. Inside, you'll find:

* 𝗕𝗲𝗱𝗿𝗼𝗼𝗺: Casper memory foam mattress, plush pillows, soft Bare sheets, blackout shades and plenty of storage.

* 𝗟𝗶𝘃𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗥𝗼𝗼𝗺: Spacious, with a queen memory foam sleeper sofa, large HDTV, pub table for dining or work, and extra blankets laundered between guests.

* 𝗞𝗶𝘁𝗰𝗵𝗲𝗻: Fully equipped with high-end stainless appliances, a K-cup compatible coffee/tea maker (plus a reusable K-cup), filtered water, and all the cookware and extras you need for home-cooked meals.

* 𝗕𝗮𝘁𝗵𝗿𝗼𝗼𝗺: Spa-like tiled walk-in shower, plush towels, full-sized hairdryer, LED-lit vanity mirror, and toiletries in both large and travel sizes.

* 𝗟𝗮𝘂𝗻𝗱𝗿𝘆: In-unit washer and dryer with detergent provided.

* 𝗘𝘅𝘁𝗿𝗮𝘀: Freshly laundered slippers, iron and ironing board, full-length mirror and a first-aid kit.

* 𝗖𝗼𝗺𝗳𝗼𝗿𝘁 𝗧𝗼𝘂𝗰𝗵𝗲𝘀: Both the bedroom and living room have ceiling fans with lights. The bedroom has bedside lamps that feature built-in USB and electrical outlets.

Need the sofa bed made up? Just let us know in advance!

𝗥𝗲𝗹𝗮𝘅𝗮𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻
Step outside to your private deck with four Adirondack chairs — perfect for morning coffee or an evening drink surrounded by nature.

𝗘𝗮𝘀𝘆, 𝗛𝗮𝘀𝘀𝗹𝗲-𝗙𝗿𝗲𝗲 𝗦𝘁𝗮𝘆
* 𝗣𝗮𝗿𝗸𝗶𝗻𝗴: Free, plentiful on-street parking — no permits, no valet, no moving your car.

* 𝗖𝗵𝗲𝗰𝗸-𝗶𝗻: Keyless entry with an electronic lock and a well-lit, motion-sensor path to your private entrance.

* 𝗖𝗵𝗲𝗰𝗸-𝗼𝘂𝘁: Just four simple steps that take about a minute.

* 𝗣𝗼𝘄𝗲𝗿 A backup generator keeps things running smoothly, even during a storm should the bed arise.

* 𝗣𝗿𝗶𝘃𝗮𝗰𝘆 The entire space is yours, and we respect your privacy. No shared walls!

𝗜𝗺𝗽𝗲𝗰𝗰𝗮𝗯𝗹𝗲 𝗖𝗹𝗲𝗮𝗻𝗹𝗶𝗻𝗲𝘀𝘀
Long before it was trendy, we set the bar high for cleanliness. We use eco-friendly cleaning supplies, steam clean the floors, and launder all linens — including duvet covers, blankets, bath mats, and slippers — between every guest. We even block a day between stays to make sure your place is spotless and sanitized. Want more details on our cleaning routine? Just ask!

𝗡𝗲𝗶𝗴𝗵𝗯𝗼𝗿𝗵𝗼𝗼𝗱 𝗣𝗲𝗿𝗸𝘀
Located in the heart of Historic Belmont-Hillsboro, you're nestled between Vanderbilt and Belmont Universities. Walk to local favorites like International Market, Biscuit Love, Bongo Java, The Greenery, Jeni's Ice Cream, Fido's Coffee, Little Hats Market, Hopdoddy and more. Kroger is less than two blocks away — reusable grocery bags and a frequent shopper card are provided. Rideshares are readily available, and downtown Nashville is just a few miles away.

𝗔 𝗙𝗲𝘄 𝗛𝗼𝘂𝘀𝗲 𝗥𝘂𝗹𝗲𝘀 (𝗳𝗼𝗿 𝗘𝘃𝗲𝗿𝘆𝗼𝗻𝗲'𝘀 𝗖𝗼𝗺𝗳𝗼𝗿𝘁)
We want every guest to feel completely at home here — which is why we keep a few simple rules in place:

* 100% non-smoking and no vaping (including the cottage and deck); please use the public sidewalk if needed.

* No pets and no parties  — this keeps things quiet and allergy-friendly for everyone who stays after you.

* Max occupancy: 4 guests; additional guests beyond two incur a $25 per person, per night fee. Sofa bed available upon request; please notify us in advance.

* In-town visitors are welcome to stop by — just let us know; only paying guests may stay overnight.

* The cottage is on the second floor (stairs required).

* No commercial photography/videography or events.

𝗦𝗮𝗳𝗲𝘁𝘆 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝗣𝗲𝗮𝗰𝗲 𝗼𝗳 𝗠𝗶𝗻𝗱
We're fully licensed and permitted by Nashville, certified for occupancy by the Fire Department and equipped with smoke and carbon monoxide detectors, fire extinguishers, a backup generator and a security camera at the main entrance (never inside your space).

𝗙𝗼𝗿 𝗙𝗮𝗺𝗶𝗹𝗶𝗲𝘀
Child-safe, cordless blackout shades on all windows.
Pack-N-Play with fitted sheets available upon request.

We love hosting guests who appreciate a clean, comfortable, and private space — and we're always happy to answer questions or offer recommendations to make your Nashville stay memorable.

We look forward to welcoming you!

Guest access
Need to check in late? Coming back after a night out? We've got you covered. Keyless entry with an electronic lock means no keys to track down and no waiting around.

Once your cancellation window expires, Airbnb will send you our address. We'll follow up with detailed check-in instructions the day before or on the day of your arrival.

A well-lit, motion-sensor path leads you right to your private entrance — safe, simple and stress-free.

The entire space is yours. If you value privacy, you'll have it here.

Other things to note
𝗖𝗵𝗲𝗰𝗸-𝗢𝘂𝘁
Check-out is at 11 AM, and we only ask four quick things of you on your way out:
* Open the washing machine door and detergent tray,
* Turn the water reservoir on the coffee maker upside down in the kitchen sink,
* Turn off all the lights, and
* Message us, no matter the time, so we know when we can begin cleaning and sanitizing for the next guest.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Judy And Mike
Host User ID: 140971402
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/140971402
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We're a couple with a passion for travel & charitable causes. We met while serving overseas & have been inseparable ever since. We understand the importance of having a comfortable & welcoming space to stay in while traveling, which is why we've created a luxe home away from home that we're happy to share with you. We've incorporated little touches that we've wished for during our travels. Let us help you have the best experience in Nashville.
Fun fact: We've visited or lived in 25+ countries.
Speaks English and Slovakian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
438 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting