URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1074834544559424727
Latitude: 36.15858
Longitude: -86.84098
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Blue Boudoir, an exquisite 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom condo nestled in the vibrant neighborhood of The Nations. With its stunning blend of classic architecture and modern interior design, this gorgeous Nashville condo offers the perfect combination of timeless elegance and contemporary luxury. Expect to find over 50 restaurants, 20 shops, and 3 murals within The Nations neighborhood and a short walkable distance to Fat Bottom Brewery and Pennington Distillery.

The space
Living Areas:
Enter a warm and inviting living area filled with stylish furniture, where comfort and style blend together perfectly. A well-considered sleeper sofa completes the ambiance and offers versatility for hosting more guests. The addition of a flat-screen smart TV brings contemporary entertainment to this living area, creating an ideal setting for unwinding and mingling.

Kitchen:
Unmatched in design and utility, the kitchen is expertly furnished with premium stainless-steel appliances and carefully stocked with all the components needed to prepare meals. A stylish breakfast bar takes center stage, enhancing the dining experience by demonstrating practicality and visual appeal.

Bedrooms:
Savor the height of luxury in the primary bedroom, which has an opulent Queen bed, a cutting-edge smart TV, and a luxurious en-suite bathroom for unrivaled seclusion. The secondary bedroom, complete with a cozy Queen bed and a smart TV of its own, beckons with wonderful comfort. A sleeper sofa adds even more convenience by turning the living area into a comfortable retreat that can accommodate extra guests for sleeping. Whether you're looking for luxury, coziness, or adaptability, this lodging guarantees a really special experience.

Entertainment:
Beyond the condo, The Nations neighborhood offers a vibrant and thriving community. With over 50 restaurants, you'll have an array of dining options to satisfy any craving. From trendy cafes to upscale eateries, there's something for everyone. Additionally, the neighborhood boasts 20 shops, providing various retail therapy opportunities. Art enthusiasts will delight in the presence of three murals within The Nations neighborhood, adding a touch of creativity and culture to the surroundings. For beer aficionados, a short walk will take you to the renowned Fat Bottom Brewery, where you can indulge in a wide selection of craft beers. And if you're in the mood for some spirits, Pennington Distillery is also within walking distance, offering a unique tasting experience.

Parking:
This building offers an exclusive parking area featuring first-come-first-served spaces, along with ample street parking.

In conclusion, Blue Boudoir, with two bedrooms and two bathrooms, is located in Nashville's The Nations neighborhood and offers an incredibly opulent and alluring living area. This apartment offers a unique balance of elegance, comfort, and entertainment with its mix of modern interior design and classic architecture, plenty of dining and shopping options nearby, and the accessibility of local brewers and distilleries. Unwind, knowing that a restful night's sleep is on the way! Whatever your plans are during your visit, Blue Boudoir is a place you should call home.

Bed Setup:
Primary Bedroom: 1 Queen Bed with Smart TV and En-Suite Bathroom 
2nd Bedroom: 1 Queen Bed with Smart TV
Additional Sleeping: 1 Sleeper Sofa in the Living Room 

Explore the Area:
1 mins: Fat Bottom Brewing Co
2 mins: Tennessee State University
2 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
3 mins: The Nations
4 mins: Climb Nashville
5 mins: Centennial Park
5 mins: SandBar Nashville
5  Avo Café & Bar
6 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Course
7 mins: Nashville Yards - Amazon HQ2 
7 mins: Broadway
7 mins: Midtown
7 mins: McCabe Golf Course
8 mins: Music City Center
8 mins: Music Row
8 mins: The Parthenon
9 mins: SOBRO
9 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
9 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Event Venue - Nashville Predators
9 mins: Wedgewood-Houston
9 mins: Belmont-Hillsboro
10 mins: Germantown
10 mins: Nissan Stadium - Event Venue - Tennessee Titans
10 mins: Vanderbilt University
10 mins: The Gulch
10 mins: RCA Studio
10 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
10 mins: Belmont Mansion
10 mins: Josephine
12 mins: Topgolf

All our properties include all of the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Drip Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

Nashville Permit issued in 2023 followed by:2023037918

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire unit!

Other things to note
While the neighborhood is quiet and safe this is still an urban environment and you should always remain aware of your surroundings and use common sense. We recommend that you don't leave valuables in your car and don't leave the doors and windows unlocked when you leave the house.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 440360756
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/440360756
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’m Chris. I co-host awesome Airbnbs in Nashville and several other parts of the country! Find me on IG @boost.rentals
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Purdue University & Indiana University
5 years hosting