URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1633695876146485013
Latitude: 36.1554
Longitude: -86.7753
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 6
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Do Nashville in style at the VIP garden suite!
★ 7 mn walk to Bdway, 14 mn to Nissan Stadium bridge      
★ 6 real beds  (no futon, all comfort)      ★ RARE, Private garden patio
★ Gym, with huge climbing wall                ★ Secure, fun bldg  
★ 3 LARGE  smart TVs                                      ★ Free wifi
★ Resort outdoor POOL, year round       ★ Optional garage parking  
★ Firepits & grill

Permit #2018073607

The space
With a rare backyard patio, the unit provides plenty of privacy and fun! Sunbathe outside or relax inside the cozy layout and proper beds: the living room offers 1 Queen size bed and 2 singles (one in the trundle); one of the 2 bedroom suites features 2 singles that can be moved together to create a King - European style, and a full bath with a soaking tub, while the other has a true King and the walk-in shower bathroom -- all with exceptional, cooling mattresses for your beauty rest! The ample proportions make for an easy, comfortable stay with your friends and family. One thing to note: while the apartment is lined with large and tall windows, the bedrooms do not have a window, just an opening in the wall, that you can easily close with black-out curtains. They do have a door for privacy, but the noise will travel (snorers beware ;))

Guest access
As our guests, you are always welcome to all the world-class amenities of the Burnham, as long as your name is on the airbnb reservation: beautiful pool (open all year round) with sun chairs and cabanas (these are extra, let us know if you'd like to reserve one), a shaded courtyard where you can barbeque, a 2-level, windowed gym with a climbing wall, weights and a studio, as well as the penthouse lounge with its wet bar and city views terrace. 
We may be able to reserve parking spots for your stay in the garage for $30 a night per car. Please let us know as soon as possible how many spots you will need, and we will confirm availability and make the reservation for you.

Other things to note
The DOOR app will be your key-less sesame to enter every space, including your unit, elevator 2 (the main elevator and Elevator 3 are open though), the garage gate if you rented parking spaces, and all the building amenities. You will want each guest to have it on their phone to go in and out freely.
(If you do not wish to use a smart phone, door codes are also available upon request.)

We love children and warmly embrace guests with little ones. Yet, we recognize that our home may not be entirely "childproof" for toddlers, and we want to be transparent about it. 

Kindly be aware that this building is centrally located in downtown Nashville. We cannot assume responsibility for any uncontrollable external factors, including noise, private or public events, construction, etc., that may occur in the vicinity during your stay. This is a multifamily complex where the management oversees the amenities, common areas, and maintenance of both the exterior and shared interior spaces. This includes the upkeep of appliances and the physical condition of the apartment, covering aspects such as plumbing, electrical, pool, HVAC, and more. It's important to note that these elements are beyond our personal control. We are obligated to adhere to the building's protocols regarding maintenance issues and timelines for resolution.

We take care (and pride) in all other aspects personally, to provide a delightful stay. Our commitment is to create a fantastic experience and to ensure that your time in Nashville is not just a stay but a chance to truly immerse yourself in the local lifestyle!

Please note that the building amenities, including the pool, grills, gym, courtyard, and fire pits, may be subject to closure/maintenance. While such occurrences are rare, please take note of this before booking, as we regretfully cannot offer refunds for any instances of unavailability.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Cedric And Valerie
Host User ID: 32015057
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/32015057
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English and French
Lives in New York, New York
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
1456 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting