URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1756624447097029383
Latitude: 36.18781
Longitude: -86.803
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Nashville in style at this luxurious 4BR, 2.5BA townhome, perfectly designed for groups and less than 3 miles from Broadway. Whether you're gathering with family or friends, enjoy plenty of room to relax, dine, cook, and entertain. With tons of seating, modern appliances and decor, and a gaming garage with a pool table, there's something for everyone!

Make your Music City getaway one to remember—book your stay and enjoy the perfect blend of comfort, fun, and total relaxation!

The space
Make yourself at home in this spacious and stylish 4-bedroom, 2.5-bath townhome, thoughtfully designed with families and large groups in mind. With multiple levels, modern finishes, comfortable sleeping arrangements, and plenty of space to gather, this home offers everything you need for a fun and relaxing stay in Music City! 🎶

The bright and spacious living area offers a comfortable place to relax and spend time together. The modern kitchen is fully equipped with high-end appliances, making it easy to prepare everything from a quick breakfast to a full group dinner. For a little extra fun, head to the gaming garage to challenge your group to a game of billiards and capture fun moments with the Nashville sign, making it the perfect backdrop for some Insta-worthy photos!

When it’s time to head out and explore, you’re never far from the action! Downtown Nashville, local restaurants, live music, and nearby neighborhoods are all within easy reach, giving you plenty of ways to make the most of your stay.

What You'll Love:

✦ Spacious, open & bright living areas 
A bright, cheerful space that instantly puts you in vacation mode!

✦ Fully equipped modern kitchen 
Enjoy cooking and sharing meals in a beautiful, thoughtfully designed kitchen.

✦ 4 bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms
Unwind comfortably with plenty of space for everyone to spread out.

✦ 7 beds + 1 sofa bed
Everyone gets a comfortable place to rest after a day of exploring town.

✦ TVs in every bedroom, the living room & gaming garage
Settle in for a cozy movie night or catch your favorite shows wherever you are.

✦ Gaming garage with pool table
Let the fun continue with a dedicated space to play, laugh, and hang out!

✦ Comfortable seating for group gatherings
No fighting over seats; there’s room for everyone to get comfortable.

✦ High-speed Wi-Fi
Stay connected whether you're working remotely or streaming your favorite shows.

✦ Streaming services
Wind down at the end of the day with a little entertainment.

✦ In-unit washer & dryer
For those moments when your favorite outfit needs a quick refresh.

✦ Free parking
Come and go with ease without worrying about parking fees.

✦ Complimentary coffee
Enjoy the little luxury of a slow morning and a fresh cup of coffee.

✦ Safe neighborhood
Return to a calm, peaceful setting away from the bustle of the city.

✦ Less than 10 minutes to Downtown Nashville & Lower Broadway 
Enjoy the best of Nashville with everything you love just minutes away!

Sleeping Arrangements:

✦ Bedroom 1 (First Floor): 1 Queen-over-Queen bunk bed
✦ Bedroom 2 (Third Floor): 1 King bed + 2 Twin beds
✦ Bedroom 3 (Third Floor): 1 Queen bed
✦ Bedroom 4 (Third Floor): 1 Queen bed
✦ Living Room: 1 Sofa bed

Your group deserves a place to make memories! Enjoy everything Nashville has to offer and come back to a spacious home with room to relax, play, and enjoy the night together!

Other things to note
Local guests MUST contact us before booking to address our reservation policies.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 460929911
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/460929911
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
1035 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting