URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/682587992739170189
Latitude: 36.15529
Longitude: -86.7745
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Legends Corner! Dolly Parton, Reba McEntire, Johnny Cash, Alan Jackson - you'll see them all! Steps away from Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, The Music City Center, and The Country Music Hall of Fame. All of Downtown Nashville is at your doorstep. 

Enjoy city views from the Sky ounge, spend summer days by our resort style pool, or kick back and enjoy beer & game night in the comfort of this beautiful apartment.

Permit #:2018072258 TA-DA

The space
All the action of downtown Nashville is just steps away from this newly designed apartment. A lot of work has been put into this home to provide the BEST possible Nashville experience for you. You have an amazing skyline view from the rooftop lounge (see disclaimer). 

The property comfortably sleeps up to 8 guests that want to get the full experience in Nashville. 

This condo is perfect for both weekend travelers looking to have a great time at the honky-tonks & also well suited for weekday business travelers.

Kitchen & Living Room: This apartment has a fully equipped kitchen and dining set with complimentary coffee bar. Just off the kitchen you'll find a beautiful bar station ready to mix up a delicious cocktail, or pour your favorite  bottle of wine. The comfortable living room features ample space for all guests, a record player to listen to a country album, various games to play,  a Smart TV, plus Xfinity high speed WiFi. 

Master Bedroom: You'll find two queen beds, both with plush pillows and linens, to ensure you have a great night sleep. The master also includes a seating area and a large closet with hangers. The master bath is a Jack & Jill bath that includes toiletry essentials for your use during your stay. 

Second Bedroom: A full size , a twin, and a twin roll away bed are located in the second bedroom, along with a large walk in closet with hangers, pool towels, and storage. Both beds include plush pillows and linens to ensure you sleep comfortable during your stay. This bedroom connects to the second bath and includes all toiletry essentials one might need during your stay. 

Both bathrooms include 2 rolls of toilet paper, shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. 

Other Areas: Just off the living room is a beautiful corner balcony with seating for 4 overlooking the resort style pool and courtyard (see disclaimer). The unit includes a full washer & dryer, iron & ironing board, and first aid kit. 

You're just a few blocks to:
- Lower Broadway & Honky-Tonks
- Ascend Amphitheater
- Bridgestone Arena 
- Ryman Auditorium
- Restaurants and bars
- Coffee shops

We have a  carefully designed guestbook for great recommendations for things to do in Nashville and the surrounding area. This includes recommendations for: Bars, Restaurants, Coffee Shops, Bakeries, Brunch, Music, Activities, Breweries, Wineries and more!

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire apartment, resort style pool, rooftop lounge, courtyard, and loft seating area (see disclaimer).

Other things to note
DISCLAIMER: 
The entire space & shared spaces of The Burnham Nashville such as the lobby, courtyard, sky lounge, swimming pool, and gym are included in your stay with us here at Legends Corner. Please make yourself at home. However, because the property is ran by a management company, we are not responsible for the closure, unavailability of these shared amenities, or noise that may come from a shared community space. Any closure/unavailability/or noise level of a community space within the Burnham Community are completely out of our control as your host. Should any of these situations occur, we are unable to refund any of your stay with us.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Conner
Host User ID: 168577307
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/168577307
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
After moving to Nashville from Alabama, I turned my passion for travel and adventure into a mission to host others. I take great pride in the quality of my properties and the guest experience, earning the 2023 'Spirit of Hosting' award and being named a 2025 'Star Achiever Host' for my two-bedroom accommodations. I look forward to welcoming you to one of my spaces and helping you make the most of your travel adventures.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
564 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting