URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1595112362961657924
Latitude: 36.31483
Longitude: -86.49774
rental_type: Entire cabin
property_type: CABIN
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Gallatin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 17
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Wake up to shimmering lake views at this luxury waterfront retreat just 30 minutes from Nashville. Designed for unforgettable gatherings, this expansive home features six themed bedrooms, a chef-level Café kitchen, wraparound deck with fire pits, hot tub, speakeasy bar, pub room with pool table, and a hidden karaoke lounge. Thoughtfully curated for comfort, connection, and elevated fun - this is lake life, perfected.
With 17 beds to choose from we allow a maximum of 20 guests to enjoy our home.

The space
This one-of-a-kind lakefront escape blends refined craftsmanship with playful discovery. From the moment you arrive, the home unfolds in layers, grand yet inviting, luxurious yet warm. Every space has been intentionally designed to spark connection, encourage relaxation, and create stories worth retelling.
Inside, natural textures, vaulted ceilings, and panoramic views set the tone for a stay that feels both indulgent and effortless. Whether you’re preparing a multi-course family meal, laughing late into the night around a fire table, or discovering one of the home’s hidden gems, the experience here is anything but ordinary.

Kitchen, Dining & Everyday Comforts:

The kitchen is a true centerpiece, fully equipped for memorable meals and seamless entertaining. Premium Café Collection appliances include two ovens, a six-burner gas cooktop, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, ice maker, and two dishwasher drawers, all anchored by a large island and walk-in pantry. A dedicated coffee bar caters to every preference with Nespresso, espresso, pour-over, drip, French press, and K-cup options.
Adjacent to the kitchen, the dining area features a custom circular table seating 10, complemented by 4 bar stools at the island. Two optional 6-foot fold-out tables with washable linens can be added to seat up to 10 additional guests, making group dining effortless.
A spacious laundry room includes a full-size stackable washer and dryer, abundant storage, sink, hanging rod, detergent, dryer sheets, and a convenient mudroom zone.

Outdoor Living & Waterfront Amenities:

Just steps from the kitchen, the wraparound deck stretches from one side of the home to the other, offering uninterrupted lake views throughout. The covered dining area seats 12, while the rear lounge features three sofas around a gas fire pit, comfortably accommodating 9 guests. Additional deck spaces include a private seating nook off the master suite and a cozy high-top, ideal for sunrise coffee or sunset wine. A propane BBQ grill completes the experience.

A staircase leads down to the lower patio, where you’ll find a 7-person hot tub, towel racks, and another gas fire pit surrounded by six Adirondack chairs. Tucked just below is the hidden Speakeasy Bar, a moody, cellar-style retreat with plush seating, ambient lighting, mounted TV, and a soothing waterfall feature.

To the rear of the home is a grassy terrace ideal for a game of corn hole. Beyond that is a relatively steep and lengthy concrete staircase that leads down to the lake where you can enjoy a spot of fishing from the boat dock. Please know that NO SWIMMING is permitted off the dock for guest safety as the water is deep and part of the Cumberland River Channel.

Entertainment Spaces:

Upstairs, the pub-themed game room showcases vaulted ceilings, dramatic sight lines to the living room below, and sweeping lake views. Enjoy a slate-bed pool table, dartboard with designer accent wall, custom bar, large flat-screen TV, and ample seating, perfect for friendly competition or laid-back evenings.

Hidden within the home is the whimsical “Tipsy Jackalope” lounge, accessed by following the Down the Rabbit Hole mural. This enchanting space features ambient lighting, a floral garden ceiling, plush seating, a small stage with two microphone stands, guitar, and karaoke machine, plus a dedicated Selfie Alcove for capturing unforgettable moments.

Home Layout:

* Main Level: Bedrooms 1 & 2, 2.5 bathrooms, kitchen, dining, living area, wraparound deck.
* Upper Level: Bedrooms 3 - 6, 2 bathrooms, bar & games room, veranda, vaulted ceilings and Karaoke Lounge.
* Lower Level: SpeakEasy Cellar and Hot Tub terrace.
All bedrooms feature memory foam mattresses and luxury linens.

Sleeping Arrangements:

* Located on the main level - Bedroom #1 (Master Suite). Contains 1 King bed and 1 Twin rollaway bed. Features an en-suite bathroom with soaking tub, walk-in shower, double vanity, oversized walk-in closet, smart TV, electric fireplace, and direct deck access with stunning lake views (sleeps up to 3 people on 2 beds).
* Located on the main level - Bedroom #2 (The Bunk Room). Contains 9 Twin beds arranged as 3 bunk beds with 3 pull-out trundles. Includes a wall-mounted TV and en-suite bathroom with tub/shower combo and double vanities, plus exterior access from the deck for convenient bathroom use while using the hot-tub (sleeps up to 9 people on 9 beds).
* Located upstairs - Bedroom #3 (The Lake Room). Contains 1 Queen bed and 1 Twin rollaway bed. Features a wall-mounted TV, vanity/work desk, walk-in closet, and exceptional lake views (sleeps up to 3 people on 2 beds).
* Located upstairs - Bedroom #4 (The Forest Room). Contains 1 King bed and 1 Twin rollaway bed. Includes a walk-in closet and wall-mounted TV (sleeps up to 3 people on 2 beds).
* Located upstairs - Bedroom #5 (The Bird House). Contains 1 Queen bed with a large walk-in closet, wall-mounted TV, and beautiful lake views (sleeps up to 2 people on 1 bed).
* Located upstairs - Bedroom #6 (The Deer Room). Contains 1 Queen bed, walk-in closet, and wall-mounted TV (sleeps up to 2 people on 1 bed).

Very Important Notes:

This peaceful waterfront home is ideal for family gatherings, retreats, and reconnecting with friends. While the amenities are extensive, this is not a party house. Out of respect for our neighbors, loud music, smoking, drug use, and disruptive behavior are not permitted. Bachelor and bachelorette groups are not allowed. Violations will result in immediate cancellation without refund.
Thank you for helping us preserve the calm, luxury, and sense of community that make this property so special.
Please also note that parking is limited. The driveway can accommodate up to 3 vehicles and 2 additionally can be parked in the garage.

We very much look forward to welcoming you to our home.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonny
Host User ID: 24007959
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24007959
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
British immigrant!
Realtor in Nashville since 2005.
Love Sports, Outdoors, Family & Friends
Christian
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5855 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting