URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1343676863277344610
Latitude: 35.9794
Longitude: -86.8281
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Brentwood, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 6
beds: 16
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Above Nashville Bluegrass Retreat is the perfect escape for your getaway. This private home nestled in the scenic hills of Brentwood, TN was designed with comfort and fun in mind and has an array of amenities to delight every guest.

The space
Welcome to Above Nashville Bluegrass Retreat by ABOVE Vacation Residences- located in the serene hills of Brentwood, TN. The property sits on over 3.5 acres of land and has 7,700 square feet of beautifully designed living space, this retreat offers the perfect blend of Southern charm and modern convenience, making it ideal for families, groups, and professionals seeking a private escape just a short drive from Nashville. Comfortably sleeping up to 18 guests, the home features 6 spacious bedrooms with 11 beds, ensuring everyone has room to relax. The outdoor amenities are designed for both relaxation and entertainment, featuring a private pool, over sized hot tub, outdoor shower, and ample seating around the pool for lounging or dining. The state of the art pool features a swim up bar with seating, tanning ledge, water features, and a heater so that it can be enjoyed year round! The outdoor cooking area is perfect for hosting BBQs or enjoying chef prepared meals. Inside, recreational spaces abound. The upstairs game room offers a putting green, pool table, poker table, arcade, dart board, and workout equipment, providing endless entertainment for guests of all ages. The sprawling yard is ideal for yard games and outdoor fun, while the media room is perfectly equipped for movie nights. Located in Brentwood’s scenic landscapes and just a short drive to Nashville’s vibrant attractions or Franklin's downtown historic charm, both of which include live music venues, restaurants, and shopping, this retreat combines tranquility with convenience. Whether you’re here for a family reunion, a getaway with friends, or a work retreat, Above Nashville Bluegrass Retreat has everything you need to create unforgettable memories. Book your stay today and experience the best of Tennessee hospitality!

Room Descriptions
King Primary Bedroom with en suite full bathroom
Queen Bedroom with attached full bathroom
Queen Bedroom with attached full bathroom
Queen Bedroom with shared bathroom 
Bunk room with 1 Queen & 5 Twins with shared full bathroom
Queen Bedroom with hall bathroom

The Above Vacation Residences Difference
Luxury & Concierge Services: Enjoy unforgettable service from our attentive staff, luxury spa amenities, soft linens, and more. Our Concierge Managers cater to your needs, creating unique experiences tailored to your stay.

House Manager: Your personal House Manager will greet you upon arrival, ensure daily refreshes, and be available 24/7 to guarantee a 5-star experience.

Curated Residences: In a sea of sparsely furnished rental properties, our homes stand ABOVE as they many are primary residences. Each is meticulously cared for and furnished, offering top-tier amenities and decor. Combined with concierge services, each stay feels uniquely local. Please note that some spaces will be locked and owner belongings may be present.

Cleaning Standards: We follow strict CDC/VRMA disinfecting protocols, focusing on high-touch areas.

Disclaimer: Room configurations, decor, and contents may have changed since photos were taken. Hot tub heating is complimentary and managed by request with your house manager. Not all pools can be heated. Pool heating is available by request and approval, with a fee of $500 for 3 days, subject to seasonal availability.

Booking Info: All bookings must be pre-approved. “Click to book” is a request, not a confirmation, ensuring alignment with Homeowner and Guest expectations.

Pets: Pets are considered at this property pending Owner approval prior to arrival. There is a pet fee of $500 to cover extra cleaning. Any damages due to a Guest pet will be charged against Guest deposit.

No events or outside vendors are permitted that will exceed the capacity of the house without written pre-approval from ABOVE Vacation Residences.

Important: We do not rent to groups or events that may disrupt the neighborhood. Final approval follows a conversation ensuring respect for neighbors and house rules. NO DISRUPTIVE GUESTS.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brian Joseph
Host User ID: 210733801
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/210733801
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
ABOVE Vacation Residences 
 
Who We Are.

Over the years, ABOVE has quietly become the go to leader for connecting the most discerning guests, with private luxury properties. Founded on the promise of exclusivity and complete privacy, ABOVE manages only the country’s finest and most exclusive homes and estates available for lease.  

ABOVE’s concept and unique approach to home and estate rentals can only be found in the management of the world's pinnacle and iconic hotels.  Our process is designed to match the most discerning guests, with the appropriate homeowners, whilst delighting both through our unique and proprietary experiences.

How We Are Different.

Each home represented can only be approved by our Standards Selection Board, in turn most home applications received are not able to join ABOVE. This intense, 250-point process insures our homes meet ABOVE’s strict and uncompromising luxury standards.  This impartial, standards driven, demanding process separates ABOVE from the all vacation rental companies today.  Tight and uncompromising controls gives our guests the quality, confidence, and comfort they require.  

Formed by three luxury hospitality veterans, and guided by a private 5-Diamond hotel company, ABOVE’s guests and owners appreciate the uncommonly high level of standardization of amenities, concierge and travel services, event planning, and that true attention missing in today's vacation property experiences.

If you and your group are looking for an exceptional level of quality and experience in a vacation rental, we invite you to visit our signature homes. 

If you are an owner of a unique and one-of-a-kind property that would like to apply to the ABOVE portfolio, please reach out to us. 

We would love to hear from you. 

ABOVE-Curators of Exceptional Guest & Owner Experiences.
My work: Hospitality Pro
Fun fact: Our company began in our founders house.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
161 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting