URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1009583589043502210
Latitude: 36.1537
Longitude: -86.7752
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Calling all #NASHbashes, birthday parties, celebrations and more, we have the perfect rental for you!  Where our love for MUSIC CITY and Lainey Wilson collide! We can't wait to host you right in the heart of downtown Nashville just a short walk from all the shops, bars, and restaurants that BROADWAY has to offer!  The Hold My HALO :: Lainey's Penthouse is PERFECT for YOU!!

The space
SUMMER DATES FILLING UP FAST!  CLAIM YOURS BEFORE SOMEONE ELSE DOES!

Check us out:
IG | @stayjetsetting @holdmyhalonash

AS FEATURED IN -- BLND MMNTS with @oliviaa_walker and @kaylor.martin of Love Island!

KEY FEATURES:
•	2 luxurious bedrooms, 2 king beds, 1 queen sleeper sofa
•	2 spacious full bathrooms
•	Full kitchen with stainless steel appliances
•	Cozy living room with sectional + flat screen TV
•	Vinyl record player with Bluetooth speaker
•	Panoramic views of Music City
•	Shared common areas as POOL, sky lounge, fitness center
•	In unit washer + dryer
•	Safe, convenient location just blocks from BROADWAY
•      Kosho (Japanese cuisine) and Tipsy Scoops on the lower level of our building for dining and/or a late night treat!
•	FREE designated parking

What Our Guests Are Saying About Hold My HALO:

"Every aspect of this reservation and stay was stunning. I've never experienced a home that was BETTER than the picture/description, but this one did. Beyond incredible experience and overall the best host I've ever encountered. If you have a special lady in your life, do her a favor (and yourself for looking like a hero) and book this awesome home!" -- Rob

"Photos of this place don’t do it justice, and the views of the city from the kitchen and living room are breathtaking. We had an amazing time here. Jessica was a very responsive and detailed host. The pillows and bedding she uses to outfit the apartment were also so comfy that my wife ordered some for us to use in our own home. Would definitely recommend and will return in the future." -- Gonzalo

"From the moment you walk in you fall in love with this place, then as you walk in even further it only gets better. From the decor to the comfortable beds, how the place had everything you might need for your stay, Jessica’s place was absolutely beautiful, inviting, clean and fun. The location was great too, close to restaurants and Broadway, I would definitely stay here again." -- Aliona

Welcome to a one-of-a-kind Airbnb experience, Hold My HALO Nashville by JETSETTER, inspired by the spirited and soulful country music of Lainey Wilson. Nestled in the heart of MUSIC CITY, our Lainey Wilson-themed PENTHOUSE is a haven for "Fast Lainers" and country music enthusiasts looking for an unforgettable Nashville getaway!

Step into a world where Lainey's lyrics come to life, and her music sets the ambiance for a truly unique stay. Our carefully crafted space is a love letter to Lainey's music, with every detail designed to celebrate her artistry and the stories she weaves through her songs.

The living room is designed to immerse you in the world of Lainey.  Enjoy a Lainey Wilson-inspired playlist on the Victrola record player and Marshall Stansmore bluetooth radio as you relax on the comfortable sectional. For those who play guitar or are inspired to learn, we provide a collection of guitars to strum along with Lainey's melodies.  You'll find one of a kind murals painted by an extremely talented local Nashville artist and wall art adorning the walls.  The decor reflects the rustic elegance and boho charm that define her style. The atmosphere is cozy and welcoming, just like a Lainey Wilson concert, and you'll immediately feel like part of the country music family.

The kitchen area blends modern convenience with the boho aesthetic.  Prepare delicious meals in a fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances.  The island with blush pink velvet barstools, illuminated by pendant lights, offers the perfect spot to gather and enjoy a meal while sharing stories and creating lasting memories.

Each bedroom is a tribute to Lainey's songs and experiences, from 'Things a Man Oughta Know' to 'Hold My Halo' or her acting spotlight on 'Yellowstone'. Our unit sleeps 6 people comfortably.  The unit includes two king beds and a queen sofa bed.  These comfortable beds are draped in crisp linens to ensure a restful night's sleep, preparing you for the adventures that await.

Come visit Nashville and immerse yourself in the music with live performances by local artists who share Lainey's passion for country storytelling. At night, admire the beautiful cityscape standing in front of the floor to ceiling windows inside the unit.  And don't forget to tag us in your selfie in front of our "Hold My Halo" selfie wall! :)

This Airbnb experience is a true escape into the world of Lainey Wilson, where you can feel the music, savor the Southern boho charm, and create lasting memories with family and friends. Book your stay today and let the soulful melodies of Lainey's music serenade you into an unforgettable country-inspired getaway.

Want to see more? Scan the QR code in our photos or search "Hold My Halo Nashville Jetsetter" on YouTube for a video walkthrough! :)

Guest access
Guests will be able to access the entire apartment plus the common areas and building amenities such as the fitness center, lounge, and pool.

Other things to note
Just a quick heads up, as also stated in our house rules, we have a simple, personalized rental agreement for you to sign within 48 hours of booking.  Please click the link provided in your confirmation message from us to review and sign before check-in. It’s nothing scary, just a little housekeeping to keep everything smooth and stress-free. Note: check in information won’t be sent without completing these steps, and refunds aren’t possible if skipped.  Let us know if you have any questions—we’re happy to help! :)

You can rest easy knowing your stay is covered with $1,500 in "All-Risk" damage protection.  Although rare, accidental damage from guests does happen.  Traditionally, this was managed via a security deposit or vacation rental damage insurance purchased by the guest.  Both are cumbersome and often have limitations in protection.  With "all-risk" protection, all accidental damage from a guest is covered unless it's specifically excluded such as, normal wear and tear, infestation, or prior damage.  This is covered under a $35 management fee included in the transaction for your stay. 
 Relax and enjoy your stay!! It's vacation time, so enjoy it with the peace of mind knowing that if an accident happens and damage occurs, you are protected under Waivo!

Registration or installation of additional apps is permitted where it’s required for legal or compliance reasons which a Host can verify in writing upon request by Airbnb (such as building security rules).  In such instances, Hosts must include information about what is required, and why, in their guest-facing listing description, so guests understand this additional step is a requirement prior to booking.  To register for these additional apps, an email address from the primary guest is required.

STR Permit --2022050324

Registration Details
2022050324

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jessica
Host User ID: 213024308
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/213024308
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Your stay is personal to us. Our family is travel obsessed and we've spent eight years curating homes we'd want to stay in ourselves — chic city spots, peaceful cabins, treehouses, beach retreats — each one designed with comfort, style, and all the little details that make a big difference. With hundreds of guests hosted and counting, we've learned that the best stays happen when every part of the experience is looked after. That's what we show up to do, every time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
515 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting