URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1178840753293551715
Latitude: 36.32471847740407
Longitude: -86.65492964840192
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Hendersonville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
With a blend of elegance, comfort, and inspiration, Poem Oasis is a newly remodeled retreat in Hendersonville, just 15 miles north of Nashville. Thoughtfully designed with soothing colors, modern touches, and vaulted ceilings, the open, airy layout is filled with natural light. A dedicated workspace, fully stocked kitchen, and spa-like walk-in shower add comfort. Private outdoor spaces, including a covered porch and hammock, offer a peaceful retreat near shopping, dining, and Old Hickory Lake.

The space
Poem Oasis offers a beautifully designed, fully furnished space that blends comfort, functionality, and inspiration. Whether you're here for work or relaxation, every detail has been carefully curated to create a peaceful and inviting atmosphere.

To see the video of Poem Oasis go to YouTube and search for "POEM OASIS near Nashville, AirBnB" 

🛏️ Bedrooms & Bathroom
Two spacious bedrooms with queen-size beds, high-quality linens, and ample storage.
A spa-like full bathroom featuring a walk-in shower, plush towels, washcloths, and designated makeup towels.

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining
A fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances, cookware, dishes, and all essentials needed for home-cooked meals.
A dining area with comfortable seating, perfect for enjoying meals or getting work done.

🛋️ Living & Work Space
Bright, open-concept living room with vaulted ceilings and plenty of natural light.
Large smart TV with access to all major streaming services (personal logins required).
A dedicated workspace with a comfortable desk setup, ideal for remote work and productivity.
Cozy relaxation areas, including a hanging egg chair and an electric fireplace for added warmth and charm.

🧺 Laundry & Parking
In-unit washer and dryer for convenience during extended stays.
Private parking included.

🌿 Outdoor Spaces
A covered porch entrance for a welcoming arrival.
An upper deck hammock, offering a quiet space to relax and unwind.

Poem Oasis provides the perfect blend of modern convenience, comfort, and tranquility, making it a peaceful home away from home for long-term stays. This is a duplex, but you will have private entry and no shared spaces. The unit is all yours!

Other things to note
Poem Oasis is conveniently located near several attractions:

Drakes Creek Park: Approximately 2 miles away, offering sports facilities and walking trails.

Memorial Park: About 3 miles away, featuring picnic areas and playgrounds.

Holder Family Fun Center: Roughly 4 miles away, providing bowling, laser tag, and arcade games.

The Streets of Indian Lake: Approximately 3.5 miles away, offering shopping, dining, and entertainment options.

Old Hickory Lake: Accessible within 2 miles, ideal for boating and fishing.

Additionally, Nashville's vibrant downtown is just a 15-minute drive via nearby highways.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Liliana
Host User ID: 520388340
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/520388340
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My name is Liliana. As a child I was called LILA. I’m an author, singer-songwriter, illustrator, and entrepreneur. After a difficult chapter in my life, I spent years rebuilding and creating a new path forward. In the process, I learned that no matter what—there’s always a silver lining. I raised three great sons on my own, and now I hope to have time to return to music, writing, and creating dream spaces—for myself and those who choose to visit.
My work: Artist  Entrepreneur
Most useless skill: I try to play competitive table tennis.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
149 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting