URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1480639096838382209
Latitude: 36.2084
Longitude: -86.7853
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 13
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your luxury Nashville get away in this brand new 4 bed 4 bath home! Huge rooftop hot tub, and a shared community pool makes this the perfect place for your group to unwind!

The space
Welcome to Your Ultimate Nashville Getaway!

Experience Music City in style at this brand-new 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom luxury home designed for large groups and unforgettable memories. Whether you’re visiting for a bachelorette party, family reunion, or a fun-filled weekend with friends, this spacious retreat has everything you need — and more.

🛏️ Space for Everyone
With 13 comfortable beds, this home easily accommodates large groups while still offering privacy and personal space. Each of the 4 bedrooms has been thoughtfully designed for relaxation and comfort, and all 4 bathrooms are stocked with fresh towels, toiletries, and essentials.

🛁 Private Rooftop Hot Tub
Unwind in your private rooftop hot tub while taking in stunning skyline views. Whether you’re soaking under the stars or enjoying your morning coffee, this rooftop is the perfect place to relax.

🎮 Entertainment Galore
Rain or shine, the game room has you covered with games and activities that will keep your group entertained for hours. Ideal for kids and adults alike!

🏊 Community Pool Access
During warmer months, enjoy access to a beautiful community pool just steps away — a great way to cool off after exploring the city.

🍳 Modern Kitchen & Dining
Cook like a pro in the fully equipped kitchen featuring brand-new appliances, cookware, and dining space for the whole crew. Perfect for group meals or catered brunches.

**Please Note: This beautiful home is part of a brand-new community that's still being completed. You'll be among the first to enjoy the Horizon pool, colorful mural, and the vibrant energy of the neighborhood. As some construction may still be in progress, we kindly ask for your patience with the possibility of light noise during your stay. Thank you for being part of this exciting new chapter!

📍 Prime Nashville Location
Located minutes from Broadway, The Gulch, and all of Nashville’s top attractions. You’ll have quick access to music venues, world-class dining, shopping, and nightlife — yet enjoy the peace of a residential neighborhood.

✨ Highlights
	•	4 Bedrooms | 4 Bathrooms
	•	13 Beds – Sleeps Large Groups
	•	Private Rooftop with Hot Tub + Lounge Seating
	•	Game Room w/ Entertainment Options
	•	Community Pool Access
	•	High-Speed WiFi + Smart TVs
	•	Washer & Dryer
	•	Free Parking

⸻

Book your stay today and enjoy a one-of-a-kind Nashville experience — where comfort, space, and fun come together!

Pool access is available from May to September. Please note that the pool is not heated.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Hope you enjoy your stay in Nashville!

STRP#2025061613

Guest access
Guests will enjoy exclusive access to the entire home, including all bedrooms, bathroom(s), kitchen, and living spaces.

Self check-in allows for a smooth and flexible arrival so you can start enjoying your stay right away.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting