URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1592830530926352796
Latitude: 36.178381569378956
Longitude: -86.75669664046242
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 13
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
These beautifully renovated Nashville townhomes offer the ideal setup for large groups looking to stay together while maintaining privacy and comfort. Located just minutes from Downtown Nashville, this combined listing includes two professionally designed homes with modern finishes and open living spaces. Together the homes accommodate up to 22 guests across 8 bedrooms, 4 full bathrooms, and 2 half bathrooms.

The space
🏠 2 Homes | 🛏️ 8 Bedrooms | 🛁 4 Full Bathrooms | 🚻 2 Half Bathrooms

This listing includes two private townhomes located next to each other, giving your group the ability to stay close while still enjoying separate living spaces. Each unit is exclusively yours during the stay.
Both homes are two story townhomes with shared living areas on the first floor and most bedrooms located on the second floor. Steps are required to access the front doors.
This setup works particularly well for large families, friend groups, and group trips who want the convenience of staying together while having multiple kitchens, living rooms, and sleeping areas.

Features

🍳 Two fully equipped kitchens with essential cookware
🚗 Two off street parking spaces total
🛏️ High quality memory foam mattresses and linens
⚡ High speed WiFi
🧴 Essential toiletries provided
📺 One TV in each living room
🛋️ Spacious open concept living and dining areas designed for group gatherings

Accessibility and Layout

Both townhomes are two story homes with steps required to access the front doors.

Each home includes one bedroom on the first floor and additional bedrooms upstairs.

Unit A Layout

🛏️ 4 Bedrooms | 🛁 2 Full Bathrooms | 🚻 1 Half Bathroom

First Floor

🛏️ Bedroom 1: Daybed with trundle and workspace
🚻 Bathroom 1: Half bathroom located near the living room and entry
Additional spaces include the living room, kitchen, and dining area.

Second Floor

🛏️ Bedroom 2: Two full beds plus a twin rollaway bed stored in the closet. Includes an ensuite bathroom with double vanities, glass shower, and walk in closet.
🛁 Bathroom 2: Ensuite full bathroom with glass shower and double vanity
🛏️ Bedroom 3: Two full beds
🛏️ Bedroom 4: One king bed
🛁 Bathroom 3: Full hallway bathroom with tub and shower combination

Unit B Layout

🛏️ 4 Bedrooms | 🛁 2 Full Bathrooms | 🚻 1 Half Bathroom

First Floor

🛏️ Bedroom 1: Daybed with trundle and workspace
🚻 Bathroom 1: Half bathroom located near the living room and entry
Additional spaces include the living room, kitchen, and dining area.

Second Floor

🛏️ Bedroom 2: Two full beds plus a twin rollaway bed stored in the closet. Includes an ensuite bathroom with double vanities, glass shower, and walk in closet.
🛁 Bathroom 2: Ensuite full bathroom with glass shower and double vanity
🛏️ Bedroom 3: One queen bed
🛏️ Bedroom 4: One queen bed
🛁 Bathroom 3: Full hallway bathroom with tub and shower combination

HOST INFORMATION

Stay Heirloom professionally manages a collection of handcrafted homes designed to bring your group together. 

We operate multiple other homes in Nashville. If you love this listing, but you are looking for something you don’t see here, please inquire!

Guest access
The unit has locks with door codes. Codes and other check-in details will be provided via message and texted to your phone on the day of check-in.

Other things to note
*IMPORTANT DISCLAIMERS*
 
-We have a minimum age requirement for booking this rental. Reservation holder must be 21 years or older.
-We request that guests complete a guest verification process and sign an additional agreement prior to receiving any check-in information. 
-We require that guests provide a valid credit card and piece of ID for identification purposes only.  
-We do not accept peer-to-peer payment systems or any prepaid debit cards as methods of payment. 
-Pets are not allowed at this property. 
-Mailing packages to the premises is not permitted.
-We use Arlo/Hikvision and Noise Aware in our homes. Arlo/Hikvision is a video recording system that has been installed at the front/back doors of the home’s EXTERIOR ONLY, for your safety. NoiseAware is a decibel monitoring system that we use to keep in accordance with local noise regulations.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Heirloom
Host User ID: 276892829
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/276892829
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
At Heirloom, we believe that group travel should never mean compromising on luxury amenities and beautiful design.

We’ve established ourselves across the US, with over 300 listings in premier cities around the country. Whether you’re looking for a relaxing getaway on Nantucket or an upbeat visit to New Orleans, we have the home for you.
My work: Professional Luxury Vacation Rentals
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
17088 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting