URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1711582342535538795
Latitude: 36.172159007521024
Longitude: -86.79837178119863
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 17
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Two side-by-side homes, private rooftop terraces, and room for everyone make The Iron Horse & Wild Rose Compound the ultimate Nashville getaway. This spacious 8-bedroom, 8-bath retreat features multiple rooftop spaces with firepits, skyline views, fully equipped kitchens, and beautifully designed gathering areas. Just minutes from Germantown, The Gulch, and Broadway, it's perfect for family reunions, corporate retreats, bachelor and bachelorette trips, celebrations, and unforgettable Music Cit

The space
Things You’ll Love

Two Private Rooftop Experiences
◆ Rooftop fire pits on both homes
◆ Outdoor dining areas perfect for group meals
◆ BBQ grills at both properties
◆ One rooftop includes skyline views + covered cabana
◆ Multiple lounge areas for sunset cocktails and gatherings

Entertainment & Wellness
◆ Game room with pool table, Pac-Man arcade, and ping pong table in the Iron Horse
◆ Private sauna and wellness space with dumbbells and Smart TV in the Wild Rose
◆ Multiple living rooms with Smart TVs
◆ High-speed WiFi throughout both homes

Inside Both Homes
◆ Newly renovated, professionally designed interiors
◆ Sleeps up to 24 guests across 8 spacious bedrooms
◆ Every bedroom includes a Smart TV
◆ Fully stocked kitchens in both homes (Keurig Duo + essentials)
◆ Dedicated workspaces in select bedrooms
◆ Washer & dryer in each home
◆ Dog-friendly – $150 pet fee per stay (up to 2 dogs per home, no breed or weight restrictions)

The Iron Horse

First Floor
◆ Bedroom 1: Queen bed, ensuite bathroom with shower, Smart TV

Second Floor
◆ Bedroom 2: Bunk room with 2 double beds + 2 twin beds, ensuite bath, Smart TV, desk

Third Floor
◆ Bedroom 3: 2 double beds, ensuite bath, Smart TV, desk
◆ Primary Bedroom: King bed + twin daybed, ensuite bath, Smart TV, rollaway available

The Wild Rose House

First Floor
◆ Bedroom 1: Queen-over-Queen bunk bed + Queen trundle + twin rollaway, Smart TV

Second Floor
◆ Bedroom 2: King bed, ensuite bathroom, Smart TV, desk

Third Floor
◆ Bedroom 3: Queen bed, shared bathroom, Smart TV
◆ Bedroom 4: King bed, ensuite bathroom, Smart TV

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out. We’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
◆ The Iron Horse and Wild Rose House are three story townhomes with stairs between each level, plus a fourth floor rooftop terrace. Guests should be comfortable navigating stairs throughout their stay.
◆ Both garages have been thoughtfully converted into bonus rooms, so there is no garage parking available.
◆ Ample free street parking is available throughout the surrounding neighborhood.
◆ Because the game room and workout room are in a converted garage space, they are not climate controlled and do not have dedicated air conditioning or heat.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Favorite song in high school: Baby Blue, George Strait
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5415 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting