URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1289454896190417110
Latitude: 36.2032
Longitude: -86.7419
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
NEW! Stylish East Nash retreat for up to 12 guests! This chic 4-bed, 7-bed, 4-bath apt blends modern comfort with central vibe. Perfect for young pros, tourists chasing music scenes, or business travelers needing space. Flooded with light, open living welcomes groups to unwind after Broadway nights or East Nash adventures. Ample beds ensure restful stays for all. Steps from hotspots, dive into Nashville's energy from this central chic haven. Book now for your Music City escape!

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.  

ACCESS TYPE:
 ▻ You'll have access to all 3 floors of the property.

FLOOR 1:
 ▻ Entry
 ▻ 2 Car Garage
 ▻ King Bedroom Suite

FLOOR 2:
 ▻ Living Room
 ▻ Fully Stocked Kitchen with Basic Coffee Supplies Supplied
 ▻ Dining Room
 ▻ Dual Queen Bedroom Suite

FLOOR 3:
 ▻ 2 Dual Queen Bedroom Suites
 ▻ Laundry Area with Full sized Washer and Dryer in house (Free unlimited use to tenants)

HIGHLIGHTS:
▻ Self check-in
▻ Smart TV is Available on All Bedrooms
▻ Pet Friendly, family-friendly, work-friendly, and fun-friendly!
▻ Modern and new kitchen appliances
▻ Prime location, perfect for work and business travelers!
▻ With available wifi, best for digital nomads and guests working from home!
▻ Cozy home away from home
▻ Stylish East Nash retreat
▻ Sleeps 12 comfortably
▻ 4 bedrooms spacious
▻ 7 beds modern
▻ 4 baths convenient
▻ Central location vibe
▻ Group ready chic

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ 3-story property which can be accessed by stairs.

Guest access
PARKING:
▻ There's a private garage that can fit up to two cars.

 ENTERING THE HOME:
  ▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In Using a Smart Lock with a Unique Code Per Guest

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES:
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee.
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings.
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs.
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500.
▻ Please ensure pets are cleaned up after.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

By booking this property, you agree to follow all rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation.

POLICIES:
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available).
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access.
▻ Late Check-Out – Stricly NO late checkouts are allowed here
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ Pet Policy – We’re happy to welcome pets! A $140 non-refundable fee applies, plus $50 for each additional pet. This helps cover the extra deep cleaning to keep the home fresh for all guests.

▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy.
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item)
▻ Cancellation - Cancellation refunds will be based on your booking's cancellation policy 
▻ There are exterior cameras installed in front of the garage door and above the front door. It is on and recording 24/7 to help ensure the safety of you and the property during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1659 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting