URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1457479071753140438
Latitude: 36.1456
Longitude: -86.7924
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★Welcome to Music Row Magic★
Fall in love with this luxury condo in the Crescendo building, located in the heart of world famous Music Row!  Amenities include a pool, gym, and community space. Here you'll be steps from the restaurants and bars of Edgehill, Hillsboro Village, and Belmont Blvd, and you'll have the city at your fingertips in literally every direction!

The space
★Highlights★
- Only 1.5 miles from Downtown
- Walkable Location
- Balcony with Music Row Views
- Full kitchen
- SmartTVs
- Coffee Maker
- Keypad Entry
- Parking Garage
- Community Pool (opens May 1st for the season)
- Common Area with Community Amenities
- Luggage Storage available at front desk

★Layout★
Located on the second floor, this luxurious condo is an open concept space, and overlooks a quiet street of Music Row. There are two bedrooms in total each with en suite bathrooms. The first bedroom has a twin bed and trundle bed, and the primary bedroom has a king bed. There is also a quaint balcony off the primary bedroom. The sofa in the main living area has a sized sleeper bed.

★Parking★
Once inside the parking garage, you may park in any of the unmarked spaces. From there, you will take the elevator to the unit. 

★Neighborhood★
Located in the historic Music Row neighborhood with tree-lined sidewalks, dedicated bike lanes and bustling small businesses, the Crescendo building is perfectly situated near many locals favorite dining, shopping and entertainment districts. Steps from Vanderbilt, Belmont, 12 South and the Gulch, or short ride to downtown.
Minutes from all there is to see, do and hear in Nashville! Close to bars, and restaurants of Hillsboro Village, and Belmont Boulevard. Walk a few blocks to Belmont or Vanderbilt Universities or hop in an Uber for a 10 minute ride to Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and the Titans Stadium! 

★House Rules★
During your stay, we ask that you remember to be respectful of your neighbors. Quiet hours are from 10pm- 7am. For real, take the party to the Honky Tonks on Broadway. Additionally, thank you for respecting our 'no smoking' and 'no pets' policy so that we can keep our properties in the best condition possible. Pets include but are not limited to cats, zebras, livestock, and/or spouses. There are also no firearms permitted within the home or on the surrounding property. Should you choose to ignore this, there will be a $300 fine assessed for breaking either of these rules. We thank you for refraining and being respectful of our homes - please don't make us hunt you down for fines as it cuts into our nap time.

***PLEASE NOTE: there is active construction taking place across the street from the property. Guests may experience intermittent noise, dust, and occasional traffic or access delays during this time.

Construction activity is generally permitted during the following hours:
Monday–Saturday: 7:00 AM – 7:00 PM
June–August (seasonal extension): 6:00 AM – 8:00 PM
Early morning material deliveries/unloading: may occur between 5:00 AM – 7:00 AM

While work is not happening continuously, guests should expect that weekday mornings and daytime hours are the most likely to be impacted by construction-related activity.

We recommend this information be considered when planning your stay, especially for guests sensitive to early morning noise or daytime disruptions. Evening and nighttime hours are typically quieter.***

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Security Disclaimer★
For your safety and the security of our properties, most of our rentals have a ring doorbell camera or an external camera located on the exterior of the home. No indoor cameras are present - your privacy is fully respected.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home.  Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home.  We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay.  In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee.  Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver.  It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay.  The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior.  Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!).  Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage.  The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines. 

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

★Security Camera Disclaimer★
For your safety and the security of our properties, most of our rentals have a ring doorbell camera or an external camera located on the exterior of the home. No indoor cameras are present - your privacy is fully respected.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
Born in the 80s
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23133 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting