URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/11375711
Latitude: 36.1841
Longitude: -86.7414
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Grand East Nashville Oasis!

Experience the ultimate group getaway in this stunning 4BR/3.5BA Grand Residence! 🎸 Located in the heart of trendy East Nashville, you get a Private Hot Tub 🛁, a massive fenced backyard 🌳, and a dining terrace for 12! Perfectly built for families & groups, featuring 3 King beds 👑 and a second-floor Club Room. Walk to Five Points Pizza or take a 7-min ride to Broadway! Includes a private garage 🚗 and fast WiFi.

The space
Welcome to the East Nash Grand Terrace & Spa! 🎻

Elevate your Nashville adventure in this meticulously designed grand residence. Perfectly situated in the historic and eclectic heart of East Nashville, this home offers a sophisticated blend of modern luxury and Southern charm. Unlike the cramped, vertical rentals found elsewhere, our home provides massive social zones, a private fenced yard, and the legendary "Grand Terrace" for the ultimate indoor-outdoor lifestyle. Whether you're roasting s'mores or soaking in the hot tub, this is where Music City memories are made.

💎 The East Nash Advantage:

The Grand Terrace & Spa: Our massive back deck is the star of the show. It features an 8-person Hot Tub, a premium gas grill, and a designer dining table with seating for 12. It’s the perfect spot for sunset cocktails or a group BBQ under the stars.

Dual Social Hubs: We built this home for group harmony. In addition to the main living room, the upstairs Club Room provides a second entertainment hub. It’s the perfect spot for the kids to watch movies while the adults gather on the terrace.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown (Sleeps 12):
Upstairs:

Master Suite 1: 1 Plush King Bed + Grand 4-Piece En-Suite Bath 👑🚿

Bedroom 2: 1 Queen Bed (Shares Hallway Bath) 🛌

Bedroom 3: 1 Queen Bed (Shares Hallway Bath) 🛌

Club Room: 1 Queen Sleeper Sofa 🛋️

Downstairs:

Master Suite 2: 1 Plush King Bed + En-Suite Bath 👑🚿

Private Den: 1 Twin Daybed + 1 Twin Trundle (Functions as a 5th Bedroom!) 🛌🛌

Living Area: 1 Queen Sleeper Sofa 🛋️

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:
Coordinating a group of 12? We make your arrival safe and stress-free.

Digital Keyless Entry: No physical keys to share or lose. You will receive a unique, secure code generated specifically for your group.

Contactless & Effortless: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—perfect for late-night flight arrivals.

Parking Logistics: Benefit from a private 2-car garage and a large driveway. You can easily fit 4 vehicles on-site—a rare luxury in East Nashville! 🚗

📍 Local Favorites & Tips (The Ultimate Nashville Guide):

Viral Eats & Local Hotspots:

NADC Burger: You have to try Jelly Roll’s favorite Wagyu burger in the Arcade! 🍔

The Pharmacy Burger (5 min drive): A world-famous beer garden and the best burgers in the city.

Five Points Pizza (4 min walk): The epicenter of East Nashville's culinary scene. Try the "T-Rex" slice! 🍕

Jeni’s Splendid Ice Cream: A must-visit for gourmet scoops just minutes away.

Locust: A high-end local favorite for dumplings and seafood.

The Twelve Thirty Club: Justin Timberlake’s sophisticated multi-level spot downtown.

Hattie B’s: The legendary hot chicken experience that defines Nashville. 🔥

E+ROSE Wellness Cafe: Revitalizing plant-based bowls to fuel your adventure. 🌿

Major Sporting & Concert Venues:

Nissan Stadium: Home of the Titans and the biggest stadium concerts (8 mins away). 🏟️

Bridgestone Arena: Catch a Preds game or a world-class arena show (10 mins away).

GEODIS Park: The stunning home for Nashville SC soccer matches.

First Horizon Park: Enjoy a Nashville Sounds baseball game under the stars.

Iconic Concert Venues:

Ryman Auditorium: The "Mother Church" of country music (10 mins away). 🎸

Grand Ole Opry: A 15-minute drive to the show that made country music famous.

Ascend Amphitheater: Beautiful outdoor concerts right on the riverfront.

The Bluebird Cafe: The legendary listening room for top songwriters. 🎶

Top Golf Courses:

Hermitage Golf Course: Voted the #1 public course in Tennessee. ⛳️

Gaylord Springs Golf Links: A challenging par-72 course with stunning views.

McCabe Golf Course: A very popular 27-hole course just minutes away in Sylvan Park.

Shelby Park Golf Course: A scenic 18-hole course just over a mile from your door.

Grocery & Essentials:

The Turnip Truck (East Nash): Your go-to for organic and local Nashville groceries (4 mins away). 🛒

Kroger: A full-service grocery for all the essentials just minutes away.

Publix in the Gulch: A high-end grocery stop on your way into the neighborhood.

Guest access
The Rental includes the entire home and its outdoor spaces!

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
STRP# 201517049

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1918 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting