URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1333656560122553919
Latitude: 36.2667
Longitude: -86.508
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Begin your day with coffee on the deck as mist rises over Old Hickory Lake and wildlife stirs along the property. Spend the afternoon, canoeing, paddle boarding or relaxing with a movie on the outdoor TV. As evening falls, grill dinner and gather by the firepit under the stars. Just 25 min from Downtown Nashville—close to the excitement yet perfectly peaceful. Experience the best of lake life, family fun, and Nashville adventure in one unforgettable getaway retreat.

The space
Welcome to your lakefront retreat in Mount Juliet! This 3-bedroom (all downstairs) 2.5-bath home comfortably sleeps 8 and features an open-concept living area with a cozy fireplace, Smart TVs, and plenty of natural light. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, laundry room, and spacious dining area perfect for family meals.

Step outside to your private deck overlooking Old Hickory Lake, complete with an outdoor TV, grill, and firepit for unforgettable evenings. Take a short walk down to the dock for kayaking, fishing, or relaxing by the water. With free parking, Wi-Fi, and all essentials provided, this home is designed for both comfort and adventure.

Located just 25 minutes from Downtown Nashville and 10 minutes from Providence Marketplace, you’ll have easy access to restaurants, shopping, and entertainment—then return to the calm of lake life for a peaceful night’s rest.

Guest access
Guests have exclusive access to the main house, including the living room, kitchen, dining room, deck, and all downstairs guest bedrooms. One upstairs bedroom is locked and not accessible to guests.

The detached garage and its attached private apartment are not included with this rental. If available, the apartment can be added to your reservation for an additional fee.  This space comfortably sleeps up to three guests. If you’re interested, please contact us before booking.

The detached garage is a completely separate building and is not attached to the main house. The private apartment has its own entrance and does not share any interior spaces with the home. The owner may occasionally stay in the apartment.

Your privacy is very important to us. While you may occasionally see the owner outside on the property, it’s no different than seeing a neighbor outdoors. You’re welcome to say hello, but there’s absolutely no expectation to interact. The owner will always respect your privacy so you can relax and enjoy your stay without interruption.

Other things to note
Please respect quiet hours after 10 PM to preserve the peaceful lake atmosphere. The lake and dock are used at guests’ own risk—life jackets are recommended for water activities. guests may bring a boat and park the trailer on the property while the boat is tied up on the dock during your stay. 

No parties or unauthorized guests.

We simply ask that guests treat the home and lake community with care so everyone can enjoy this relaxing retreat.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 83059066
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/83059066
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’m Melissa — I’m dependable and a little witty. I’m all about good communication, helping people, and keeping things running smoothly.
Born in the 80s
My work: Human Resources
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
28 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting