URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/816920355010831407
Latitude: 36.1647
Longitude: -86.7778
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a stylish experience at this centrally-located printers alley location. Located in the heart of the arts district, walk out your front door and be immersed in all the action of downtown Nashville. 

Featuring 15 foot ceilings in the great room, and an optional speakeasy loft, (adding two full beds, a single, and another common area overlooking the balcony to the main living room) this unit is sure to impress friends and family with both its location and style.

The space
The loft space isn't included by default, you must make arrangements prior to arrival to have the space prepared.

With a large kitchen, hangout area, and loft space this 2400 square foot unit is sure to provide ample space for you and your guests in the heart of downtown Nashville. Enjoy the privacy and convenience of being just a stones throw away from all the best entertainment Downtown Nashville has to offer. This unit is very unique and has a style that shows the true history of this amazing building. Large expansive brick walls with historic ceilings and floors make the main common room space of this unit jaw dropping. 

If you want to include the loft in your booking, you must make pre-arrangements.

The Kitchen features everything you need for making meals or cooking for a group during your stay. We stock the kitchen with all the basics and then some. If you have special requests for cookware, just ask! We strive to make this the perfect place for everyone to enjoy as if they were in their own kitchen at home!
The custom bathrooms add to the Speakeasy theme with their carefully picked and constructed floor to ceiling tile and special touches. This isn't a cookie cutter rental like most the others you see! 
There are 6 beds. The additional loft adds another 2 full beds along with a single rollaway and 3rd bathroom.

The lobby you enter the unit through is a communal space and may have other guests in it. This is a perfect spot to meet and hang out with others if you want to while waiting on everyone in your group to finish getting ready to go out!
There is also a completely private back entrance to the space if you want to enter privately.

Guest access
Guest have access to the first floor lobby common area and the entirety of the first floor. The lobby is a communal space and is available for other building tenants. 

First floor guests should not use elevator or go upstairs

The loft space is available for your use,  but you must make arrangements prior to arrival so we can prepare it.

Other things to note
We strive to make your trip as convenient and stress free as possible. So we offer tailored custom services that really add to the experience of your trip.  

Early Checkin-late check out is often available complementary or in certain times for a fee worked as a percentage of adding an extra day. 

Early bag drop is always free.

If you want to book the loft space, we need notice prior to arrival to prepare the space. There is an additional charge. 

You are in the heart of downtown, our interior walls are 24" of brick and if you are in an interior room it is very quiet. The back bedroom will have city street noise, although it's not as loud as you'd think, and has a sound machine for easier sleeping.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: All-In-Properties
Host User ID: 109338728
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/109338728
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Where I went to school: mtsu / belmont
My work: Host Extraorinaire
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
381 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting