URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1780853743620852102
Latitude: 36.1529
Longitude: -86.8052
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Moody Midnight Parthenon—a one-of-a-kind Nashville retreat inspired by the city's iconic Parthenon and designed for guests who appreciate bold style. We've transformed this space into a moody, modern sanctuary featuring dramatic black walls, sleek Greek-inspired statues, and a sophisticated aesthetic that's equal parts mysterious and luxurious. Blending contemporary comfort with classical influences, The Moody Midnight offers a unique escape from ordinary vacation rentals.

The space
Welcome to The Midnight Parthenon 🖤✨—a bold and unforgettable Nashville retreat inspired by the city's iconic Parthenon and reimagined with a dark, modern twist.

Designed for travelers seeking something beyond the ordinary, this one-of-a-kind space combines dramatic black interiors, sleek Greek-inspired accents, sculptural décor, and moody lighting to create an atmosphere that is equal parts sophisticated, mysterious, and luxurious. From the moment you step inside, you'll find yourself immersed in a carefully curated experience that feels more like a boutique hotel suite than a typical vacation rental.

Whether you're in Nashville for live music, a romantic getaway, a girls' trip, a sporting event, or a weekend of exploring Music City, The Midnight Parthenon offers the perfect place to unwind after a day of adventure.

Relax in the stylish living area 🛋️, stream your favorite shows on the Smart TV 📺, or sink into the plush king-size bed 🛏️ after a night on Broadway. The fully equipped kitchen 🍳 makes it easy to prepare meals at home, while thoughtful touches throughout the space ensure a comfortable and memorable stay.

Located just minutes from Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, and Nashville's top restaurants, bars, and attractions, you'll enjoy easy access to everything the city has to offer while having a peaceful sanctuary to return to when the night winds down 🌙.

✨ Amenities You'll Love

🛏️ Luxurious King Bed
🛋️ Comfortable Living Space with Additional Sleeping Accommodations
🍳 Fully Equipped Kitchen
⚡ High-Speed Wi-Fi
📺 Smart TV for Streaming
☕ Coffee Maker & Essentials
❄️ Central Heating & Air Conditioning
🏊 Resort-Style Swimming Pool
💪 Fitness Center
🎱 Game Room with Pool Table
🚗 Free On-Site Parking
🔒 Secure Building with Easy Self Check-In

The Midnight Parthenon is more than just a place to stay—it's an experience. Every detail has been thoughtfully designed to create a memorable atmosphere that blends contemporary luxury with subtle nods to Nashville's famous architectural landmark.

Please note that community amenities, including the pool, fitness center, and common areas, are managed by the apartment complex and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance or circumstances beyond our control. No refunds or discounts will be provided for temporary amenity closures.

Whether you're here for the music, the food, the nightlife, or simply a unique place to escape, The Midnight Parthenon offers a stay unlike any other in Nashville. We look forward to hosting you and helping make your Music City visit unforgettable.

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire apartment as well as shared community amenities, including the lobby, courtyard, game room, swimming pool, and fitness center. Please make yourself at home and enjoy these spaces throughout your stay.

The swimming pool is located on the second floor and requires the provided key fob for access. Trash chutes are conveniently located at the end of each hallway.

Please note that all shared amenities are owned and managed by the apartment community and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance, repairs, weather, or other circumstances beyond our control. While we make every effort to keep guests informed, refunds or discounts cannot be provided for temporary closures or restricted access to these amenities.

Other things to note
💛 We want you to feel right at home during your stay at The Midnight Parthenon.

📱 We're always just a message away and pride ourselves on providing prompt communication and an exceptional guest experience. Need local recommendations? We're happy to share our favorite restaurants, attractions, and hidden gems around Nashville.

🎶 Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, and many of Nashville's most popular attractions are just a short rideshare away.

🏢 This home is located within a residential community. Please be respectful of neighbors and observe quiet hours.

🏊 Community amenities, including the pool, fitness center, and game room, are managed by the apartment complex and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance, repairs, weather, or circumstances beyond our control.

🚭 No smoking, vaping, parties, or events are permitted inside the unit or common areas.

🔑 Self check-in instructions and access details will be provided prior to arrival.

🖤 The Midnight Parthenon is a uniquely designed space featuring dark interiors and a moody aesthetic. The décor is intentionally dramatic and may differ from traditional vacation rentals.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Michelle
Host User ID: 386297373
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/386297373
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Michelle: mom of three kiddos and two goldendoodles, business owner and entrepreneur, and travel enthusiast!
My work: Self-Employed
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
120 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting