URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1755438428809322440
Latitude: 36.1461
Longitude: -86.7856
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 13
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Nashville in style at this spacious 4-bedroom rooftop retreat!  Walkability to the Gulch for great shopping, dining and bars! With 13 comfortable beds and ensuite bathrooms in every bedroom, it’s perfect for large groups, bachelor/bachelorette celebrations, and unforgettable getaways. Enjoy the city vibe from your private rooftop firepit, then relax in a stylish, spacious home. Plus, enjoy convenient 2-car garage parking. Gather, celebrate, and make the most of your Nashville stay!

The space
Welcome to your ultimate Nashville group getaway! This stylish and spacious 4-bedroom rooftop retreat is designed for groups who want to experience Music City together without sacrificing comfort, space, or convenience.

Plenty of room for large groups, making this home an ideal choice for bachelor and bachelorette celebrations, birthday trips, girls’ and guys’ getaways, family gatherings, and weekend adventures with friends. Each bedroom features its own private ensuite bathroom, giving everyone the convenience and privacy they need during your stay.

The home’s standout feature is the rooftop experience. Head upstairs to enjoy the Nashville atmosphere from your private rooftop space, complete with a rooftop firepit—the perfect spot to gather, unwind, share stories, enjoy drinks, and make memories after a day exploring the city.

Inside, you’ll find a thoughtfully designed space with a stylish, welcoming atmosphere and plenty of room for your entire group to relax and spend time together. Whether you’re getting ready for a night out, enjoying a laid-back morning, or coming home after exploring Nashville, this home gives your group the space to settle in comfortably.

You’ll also have the convenience of 2-car garage parking, making it easier for guests traveling with vehicles.

From the spacious accommodations and private ensuite bathrooms to the rooftop firepit and group-friendly layout, this home is made for celebrating, connecting, and experiencing Nashville together. Gather your favorite people, enjoy the city’s energy, and make your Nashville stay one to remember!

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Guest access
Entire home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting