URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/34575449
Latitude: 36.19734
Longitude: -86.77051
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 20
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover the perfect balance of luxury and comfort at our gorgeous 2 side by side units retreat with a MOVIE THEATER, GAME ROOM & ROOFTOPS. Ideal for large groups! Located in a vibrant neighborhood near downtown Nashville, our new construction property features private bedrooms, a huge kitchen, stunning outdoor lounges, and amazing skyline views. Enjoy natural light-filled spaces, private parking, and unforgettable experiences with a short Uber ride from the best dining, and attractions

The space
Welcome to our gorgeous 2 side-by-side unit retreat, in East Nashville only 2 miles from Broadway, perfectly designed for big groups seeking unforgettable experiences in Nashville. Carefully crafted for every type of traveler, this property is ideal for family reunions, friend gatherings, or corporate retreats. Located in a vibrant neighborhood, this new construction blends modern style with ultimate comfort, featuring private rooftops for breathtaking views and a movie theater for unparalleled entertainment, ensuring a truly memorable stay.

★Sleeping Arrangements ★

☆ Private bedrooms with premium bedding offer the perfect balance of comfort and privacy for restful nights.
♛ 2 Bedrooms each furnished with 2 Full Beds and an ensuite Bath.
♛2 Bedrooms each furnished with 2 Queen Beds, Ensuite large Bath, WFH Desk and Ergonomic chair, Smart TV
♛2 Bedrooms each furnished with 1 King Bed, Ensuite Bath, Smart TV
♛2 Living Rooms each furnished with 2 Queen Sofa beds that can be made into beds.
♛ If more sleeping space is required, there are 3 comfortable rollout beds and an air mattress in each unit that can be found in closets.
♛ Total – 6 bedrooms, 6 full bathrooms, 2 half bathrooms and 20 beds

★ Entertainment ★

☆ Relax and watch your favorite TV shows and sports in a private home theater with an immersive experience. The Private Theater room is equipped with:
•	100" Movie Screen with Surround Sound and access to Netflix / Disney+ / Amazon Prime / Hulu / YouTube and many other live-stream applications and TV games
•	8 Reclining Theater Seats
•	Fun games to play with your friends and family - Corn hole, Giant Connect 4, Wall ring toss game, Beer-Pong Table, arcade games, huge selection of board games
•	PlayStation 4 with many video games
☆ Enjoy cable and streaming TV in the comfort of living rooms and on the stunning rooftops

★ Views ★

☆ Two outdoor lounge spaces on private rooftops provide amazing views of the Nashville downtown skyline and are perfect for evening cocktails or morning coffee. 
☆ The rooftops are equipped with comfortable Outdoor seating set with tables, hammocks to relax, Sunshade chairs, and beach chairs to sit and enjoy the  downtown Nashville Skyline view and outdoor TV

★ Living Spaces ★

☆ Spacious, natural light-filled living areas designed with stylish, modern furnishings.
☆ Plenty of room for socializing, relaxing, or creating unforgettable memories with your group.

★ Kitchen & Dining ★

☆ A huge, fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances, Cookware, Toaster, Keurig & Coffee, Wine Glasses, Shot Glasses & Dinnerware, ample counter space, and all the essentials for group meals.
☆ Open dining areas ideal for enjoying meals together.

★ Parking ★

☆ Private 2-car garage parking for your vehicles provides convenience and peace of mind.
☆ Parking for the other unit can be parallel to the unit's garage door. 
☆ Additionally, there is plenty of ample street parking. 
☆ We ask guests NOT to park in the driveway and NOT to block other units' garages

★ Additional Features ★

☆ Thoughtful amenities like high-speed Wi-Fi and in-unit laundry enhance your stay.

★ Neighborhood & Attractions ★

☆ Located near trendy boutiques, discover the best dining and amazing restaurants in east and downtown Nashville.
☆ Minutes from iconic attractions like Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, the Country Music Hall of Fame, 12 South, the Gulch, and many more.
☆ Affordable 5-10 minutes Uber/Lyft ride from all the hot spots in Nashville

Guest access
You will enjoy exclusive access to both townhouses, including private bedrooms, huge kitchens, and the stunning outdoor lounges on the rooftops. Every amenity is designed to offer privacy and comfort while accommodating large groups with ease.

Access to the unit is keyless with a code that will be provided to you 24 hours before you check in.

Other things to note
★★★★ GREAT FOR LARGE GROUPS ★★★★

We own the whole complex. There are 5 side by side large beautiful NEW townhomes with the capability of holding up to 50 guests. Each house has 3 bedrooms and 3.5 baths. 2 of the units have movie theaters. We have accommodation that can fit any group size, so please inquire and we will find the best option for you!

Book now to enjoy the perfect balance of vibrant city living and luxurious comfort in Nashville!

Registration Details
2019025513

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Shac
Host User ID: 12153920
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/12153920
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
In the past 10 years, I've specialized in hosting large groups for friend gatherings, family reunions, corporate retreats, and weddings. We carefully select and design our properties with guest comfort in mind, featuring private open spaces, spacious bedrooms with comfortable beds, and easy access to Nashville’s vibrant scene. As locals, we’re available to answer any questions or make recommendations during your stay!
Born in the 60s
My work: Hospitality hosting!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
615 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting