URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1753212261838558226
Latitude: 36.1891
Longitude: -86.8378
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 12
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the best of Nashville from this spacious, stylish retreat, just a 10-minute Uber ride to Broadway’s vibrant music and nightlife. Unwind in your private rooftop oasis with a hot tub and fireplace, perfect for relaxing after a day out. Designed for groups, this home sleeps 12 + and features private ensuite bathrooms in every bedroom. Enjoy a fully stocked kitchen, garage parking, essential toiletries, and a comfortable, memorable stay.

The space
Welcome to your elevated Nashville escape—where space, style, and comfort come together for the ultimate group getaway. This beautifully designed 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom home comfortably sleeps up to 12 + guests across 12 beds, making it perfect for families, friends, or weekend celebrations. Every bedroom features its own private ensuite bathroom, giving everyone the privacy and convenience they need to relax and recharge.

Each room is thoughtfully styled with modern touches, cozy bedding, and a warm, inviting feel that makes you instantly at home. Whether you’re winding down after a night out or getting ready for the day, the ensuite bathrooms are fully stocked with essentials and designed for ease and comfort.

The main living area is open, bright, and perfect for gathering. Lounge on plush seating, stream your favorite shows, or enjoy quality time with your group. The fully stocked kitchen has everything you need to cook meals, prep snacks, or enjoy a casual breakfast before heading out. A spacious dining area makes it easy to share meals and create lasting memories together.

Head upstairs to your private rooftop oasis—the true highlight of the home. Soak in the hot tub under the stars, enjoy morning coffee with a view, or unwind with a drink after exploring the city. It’s the perfect mix of relaxation and fun, all in your own private space.

Located just a quick 10-minute Uber ride to Broadway, you’re never far from Nashville’s iconic live music, dining, and nightlife. With private garage parking, plenty of room to spread out, and thoughtful amenities throughout, this home offers a seamless, comfortable, and unforgettable Nashville stay.

🎶 Perfect For:

✔️ Bachelor / bachelorette trips
✔️ Friends & family getaways
✔️ Birthday weekends
✔️ Music City vacations

Book now and experience Nashville in comfort, style, and luxury—with a rooftop hot tub you’ll never want to leave.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

Guest access
Entire Home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting