URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/49809242
Latitude: 36.11991
Longitude: -86.80077
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This detached carriage house is a little gem hidden away on a cul-de-sac in the heart of the Belmont-Hillsboro neighborhood, nestled in the backyard of a Nashville-native family. This conveniently located 1 Bd/1BA apartment offers both proximity to the city for an authentic Nashville experience and a quiet neighborhood. Walking distance to 12S, Hillsboro Village, and Belmont, and a quick Lyft to most other major Nashville attractions. Off-street parking included.

The space
THE NEIGHBORHOOD
The Historic Belmont-Hillsboro Neighborhood is one of Nashville’s best. Bordered by the 12S District, Hillsboro Village, and Music Row as well as Belmont, Lipscomb, & Vanderbilt Universities, this walkable neighborhood is full of dining and entertainment options. It's 2 miles to Midtown and about 4 miles to the Gulch/Downtown, which is just a quick Lyft ride away. 

THE SPACE
The light filled apartment is generous in size. Cozy and functional, this apartment is the perfect landing pad for exploring Nashville. 

The open-layout kitchen, dining and living space provides plenty of room to chat or Netflix-and-Chill on a 42” 4k LG Smart TV. The gorgeous blue crushed velvet sofa pulls out to a queen sized bed. This main room also has a dedicated work space with a simple desk and spinning chair, perfect for business travel. Fast WiFi and a cat6 port available for gigabyte speeds.

Between the living and kitchen spaces, there is a small table with seating for 4, perfect for sharing a cocktail or a meal. The kitchen is fully equipped all the essentials including: full-size oven & stove, refrigerator with ice maker, small dishwasher, microwave, coffee maker, and kitchen basics like pots and pans, dishes, and utensils. 

The separate bedroom boasts a king-sized memory foam mattress and dimmable reading lights. The bed is flanked with 2 closets, one for hanging garments and the other with shelving. The bathroom is classic and beautiful with subway tiled walls and hex tile flooring, a fully tiled stand up shower, a stunning blue vanity with gold fixtures, and supreme lighting.

Newly added in summer 2023, a cozy, semi-fenced outdoor space with cafe lighting and conversational seating set! 

We put a lot of time and thought into details with this space, from crystal doorknobs to custom tile work, we hope you enjoy the space as much as we enjoyed building it.

Guest access
Off street parking for 1 vehicle is included.

Other things to note
This neighborhood has all of the sounds you’d expect in an urban core: dogs, lawn mowers, children playing, air-traffic, highway traffic, church bells, etc.

This space is in the backyard of our active family home. We do use our backyard space, which is fully fenced and separate from the guest space. Guests have a private entrance to the carriage house and a separate outdoor space available. When we have guests, we try to limit the noise coming and going, though the occasional garage opening and car-start can be heard. If there are any nuisances we are able to address, we are happy to accommodate. 

The apartment is located above our garage and is not handicap accessible. There are stairs required to enter the property. 

No parties, excessive noise, or illegal activity of any kind are permitted. Please respect our neighbors. Quiet hours are enforced between the hours of 10 p.m. and 8 a.m. Guests are not permitted pool access and reservations will be terminated immediately without refund for unauthorized use of pool.

Early check in or late check out may be available for an additional fee.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Erin
Host User ID: 42325063
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/42325063
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
163 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting