URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1548745672193759150
Latitude: 36.14874
Longitude: -86.78651
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 20
beds: 24
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Introducing Nashville's first and only quad cluster of homes featuring private rooftop terraces with hot tubs and panoramic views of the Nashville skyline. This exquisite collection boasts an unparalleled location with many of the city's highest-rated restaurants, coffee shops, and boutiques right at your doorstep.

The space
👋 HEY FRIEND! Welcome to Hot Tub Heavens @ The Gulch by STAY MINTY! 🏠 4 units, 20 bedrooms, and sleeps a total of 48! 👥

Welcome to Hot Tub Heaven A, B, C & D — your all-access pass to four stylish townhomes in Nashville’s iconic Gulch district! Whether you're planning a bachelorette blowout, a milestone birthday, or an epic group getaway, this rare quadruple listing delivers four times the fun, space, and rooftop vibes. Designed with flair and built for celebration, it’s Stay Minty’s signature experience — supersized.

🎉 Total Capacity:
- 20 bedrooms
- 24 Beds
- 16 Full Bathrooms
- Sleeps up to 48 guests

🏡 Unit A (Sleeps 12)
- Bedroom 1 (Lower Level): 1 King Bed
- Bedroom 2 (2nd Floor): 1 King Bed
- Bedroom 3 (2nd Floor): 1 King Bed
- Bedroom 4 (2nd Floor): 1 Queen Bed
- Bedroom 5 (3rd Floor): 2 Queen Beds

🏡 Units B, C & D (Sleeps 36)
- Bedroom 1 (Lower Level): 1 Queen Bed
- Bedroom 2 (Lower Level): 1 Queen Bed
- Bedroom 3 (2nd Floor): 1 King Bed
- Bedroom 4 (3rd Floor): 2 Queen Beds
- Bedroom 5 (3rd Floor): 1 King Bed

🏡 Summary of Spaces
• Living Rooms .......... 4
• Kitchens .................... 4
• Bedrooms ............... 20
• Full Baths ................ 16
• Rooftops ................... 4

🏡 MANAGED AND DESIGNED BY STAY MINTY

🛋️ INTERIOR DETAILS
Be sure to check out the detailed floor plan in the property photos 📸 for more details about the room layout and bed configuration.

🍽️ KITCHEN & DINING
The home features a gorgeous kitchen that's wide open to the living space. The island is one of the longest we've seen in a house and is perfect for cooking 🍳, catching up with old friends 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 or even bringing out a deck of cards 🃏 for a friendly game of Spades.

For those who love to cook 👨‍🍳, your wish is this kitchen's command because anything you can dream up, you'll find in this well-stocked chef's paradise. 👩‍🍳

🚿 BATHROOMS
Most of the bathrooms have single or double vanities and glassed-in showers. 🚪 One of the bathrooms has a soaking tub 🛁 should you be so inclined to draw a bubble bath during your stay. We stock the bathrooms with plenty of bath 🛀 and hand towels, washcloths 🧼, cosmetic towels and floor mats 🧴 to give you something nice and fluffy to step on when getting out of the shower. You'll also find hair dryers 💨 in each bathroom along with plenty of spa-quality shampoo, conditioner, and body wash.

🛏️ BEDROOMS 🛏️
Each bedroom is equipped with a Roku TV which gives you access to thousands of streaming channels such as YouTube TV, Hulu and Amazon Prime. Use your own login or if you don't have one, we can give you access to ours.

You're gonna love the memory foam mattress 🛏️ and bedding you can really dream in! 🌙 So many of our guests ask us where we get our mattresses and sheets 🛒 - we've even thought about offering it for sale! 💭 Get ready to experience the most comfortable beds in the south! 🌞

🎮 ARCADE GAMES
You'll find an arcade game or two in the homes for your entertainment 🎉 so be sure to bring along the gamers in the bunch! 👾

🌇 Rooftop Terrace 🌇
The rooftops are the reason this home is in such high demand. The star of the show is definitely the private hot tub on the rooftop with panoramic skyline views of Nashville. There's also a gas fire pit and grill as well as plenty of seating for everyone to relax and have a good time.

📌 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!
You can't beat the location. There are so many dining and shopping options within walking distance! Lower Broadway is a 5 minute Uber ride or 20-minute walk. STK is a two-minute car ride or a 7-minute walk.

🧼 EVERY HOME EVERY TIME
In a Stay Minty home, you’ll always find our bathrooms stocked with everything you need to get squeaky clean including shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. Our kitchens have all the essentials needed to prepare your favorite meal. Get your caffeine fix each morning with Keurig coffee pods included with every stay. We’ve even got your TV entertainment covered with hundreds of streaming options to choose from.

📦 SUPPLY STARTER KIT
No one wants to have to worry about getting to the store after traveling all day! That’s why we provide a supply starter kit – to get you through the first day or two of your stay. The kit includes a roll of paper towels, dish sponge, two dishwasher pods, five trash bags, dishwashing liquid, all-purpose cleaner, a small selection of coffee pods, hand soap, shampoo, conditioner, body wash and two rolls of toilet paper in each bathroom.

✨ Stay Minty homes are immaculate and well maintained by professionals who clean between every guest using the highest standards in the industry.

💚 OUR PROMISE
At Stay Minty, we’re a dedicated and small (yet mighty) team on a mission to bring more passion and joy into the world through shared experiences. And great news for you, we both have the same goal: for your stay to be nothing short of perfect. With that said, sometimes the unexpected happens. Our homes are houses, no different than yours. Maybe ours are a little cooler, but that’s why you’re here. If anything comes up, we promise to spring into action faster than Taylor Swift after a break-up and do everything we can to resolve it… and then maybe write a hit album about it. I mean, we are from “Music City, USA”.

**Note: Age Requirement and Security Deposit Policy
Guests under the age of 25 are required to provide a $750 security deposit or proof of damage insurance prior to check-in.
This policy is in place to ensure the protection and care of our properties. The deposit will be fully refundable after checkout, pending inspection and confirmation that no damages occurred during the stay.  

📲 If you have any issues or are unhappy with your stay, be sure to call, text, or email us like a good friend so we can get your stay back to minty fresh.

We look forward to you booking our home and hosting your stay!!

xoxo,
Stay Minty!

Note: For safety and security, our property is equipped with exterior-only cameras located at the front entrance and driveway. These devices monitor the property perimeter and do not record any interior areas. There are no cameras inside the home.

Other things to note
MINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENTS:
The primary renter must be at least 25 years old. Exceptions are made on a case-by-case basis. Contact us for details prior to booking.

**Guests aged 21 - 24 are eligible to book if these guests pay a $750 refundable deposit or provide proof of damage insurance. 
**We do not accept bookings from guests within a 50-mile radius.

OPTIONAL FEES:
The following fees are paid in addition to and after the reservation is paid for.
- $249 / pet, pet fee (only valid on properties that allow pets. Pets cannot be left unattended which applies to ADA and service animals as well)

FEE SCHEDULE 
From bachelor and bachelorette parties to birthday celebrations, guy's getaways and girls weekends, we welcome groups of all sizes who celebrate together. We want you to have a good time but you remain responsible for any damage or excessive cleaning caused during your stay by anyone who enters the property.
Please understand this fee schedule exists only to deter bad actors who plan on causing chaos and damage to our properties. We have no intention of excessively or randomly charging fees to five star guests.

DAMAGE / EXCESSIVE CLEANING FEES:
from $250 .......... Wall Damage
from $250 .......... Excessive Cleaning
from $750 .......... Hazardous Waste

POLICY VIOLATION FEES:
from $1000 .......... Police Visit
from $850 .......... Pet Policy Violation which includes leaving pets unattended or unauthorized pets in home.  (ADA and service animals included)
from $950 .......... Smoking Policy Violation

SECURITY CAMERAS:
Stay Minty properties may be equipped with exterior Ring Cameras/Doorbells.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Stay
Host User ID: 387161727
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/387161727
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
6 years hosting
514 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting