URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1058080942001570389
Latitude: 36.1829
Longitude: -86.7914
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Nashville from this cozy Germantown retreat! A short, affordable Uber ride or a quick 7-minute drive to downtown, you'll be near all the excitement without the hustle. Nestled in a historic neighborhood, enjoy easy access to top restaurants, bars, and a nearby grocery store. The private unit features free parking, comfy beds, an amazing shower, and essential amenities like toiletries, a hair dryer, and coffee. Perfect for a weekend getaway or a relaxing base to explore Music City!

The space
Discover your ideal Nashville getaway in this cozy Germantown retreat 2 bed/1 bath! Just a short, affordable Uber ride or a quick 7-minute drive to downtown, you’ll be perfectly situated to enjoy all the excitement of Music City. Located in the charming, historic Germantown neighborhood, you’ll find top restaurants, fun bars, and even a grocery store close by for added convenience.

This private unit offers free parking, comfy beds, and a modern bathroom with an amazing shower. With essential amenities like a hair dryer, bathing toiletries, and a full kitchen stocked with complimentary coffee, everything you need for a comfortable stay is at your fingertips. We’re super responsive to messages and provide local recommendations to make your Nashville trip unforgettable.

Whether you’re visiting for a weekend getaway, a gathering with friends, or just exploring Nashville’s best neighborhoods, this cozy spot is the perfect place to recharge after a day in the city.

Dining & Coffee

Rolf and Daughters - Popular New American restaurant known for its creative pasta dishes and modern ambiance.

Henrietta Red - Upscale seafood and oyster bar offering a variety of small plates.

Barista Parlor - Hip coffee shop with expertly crafted coffee and a trendy vibe.

Temper’d Cafe and Chocolate - Artisan desserts and chocolates with a cozy cafe atmosphere.

Butchertown Hall - A smokehouse and beer hall known for its Texas-style BBQ and German-inspired brews.

Shopping & Boutiques

Abednego - A boutique offering stylish clothing, jewelry, and home goods from local artists and designers.

Pieces Boutique - A trendy shop with curated clothing and accessories, ideal for unique finds.

Made in TN - Specialty store featuring locally made goods, perfect for finding Nashville-themed gifts.

Entertainment & Activities

First Horizon Park - Home to the Nashville Sounds minor league baseball team, offering a fun outing with friends or family.

The Nashville Farmers' Market - A local favorite with fresh produce, artisan goods, and diverse dining options in the food hall.

The Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park - Historical park with scenic views, walking trails, and fountains, ideal for a relaxing day outdoors.

Nissan Stadium - Just across the river, home to the Tennessee Titans and host to major concerts and events.

Ryman Auditorium - Known as the "Mother Church of Country Music," a legendary venue for live performances and a must-visit for music fans.

Bridgestone Arena - Nashville’s premier venue for concerts, 
NHL Predators games, and large-scale events.

Art & Culture

Tennessee State Museum - Dive into Tennessee’s rich history, from prehistoric times to modern day.

The Frist Art Museum - Located just a short drive away, showcasing rotating exhibits of both modern and historic artwork.

Musicians Hall of Fame & Museum - Celebrates musicians and music legends across genres, close to Germantown and 
downtown.

Nightlife

Mother’s Ruin - A laid-back bar with creative cocktails and a relaxed, welcoming vibe.

Bearded Iris Brewing - A craft brewery known for its diverse selection of IPAs and stylish industrial setting.

Von Elrod’s Beer Hall & Kitchen - Known for its large beer selection, hearty food, and outdoor seating perfect for socializing.

Nearby Neighborhoods

Downtown Nashville - Easily accessible with honky-tonks, live music venues, and historic sites like the Ryman Auditorium and the Country Music Hall of Fame.

12 South - Just a short drive away, this vibrant area is known for its boutique shopping, murals, and popular spots like Five Daughters Bakery.

East Nashville - A creative, eclectic neighborhood filled with unique restaurants, bars, coffee shops, and music venues. 
Highlights include Five Points Pizza, The Wild Cow, and Pearl Diver, offering a relaxed, artsy vibe that contrasts with the more traditional tourist areas.

Guest access
Driveway accessible for free parking also plenty of street parking

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Adam
Host User ID: 78356744
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/78356744
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Im Adam, owner of ---Acorn Property Management--- , a 5th-generation Nashville native dedicated to creating unforgettable stays. Since 2017, I’ve managed properties with a local touch, ensuring guests enjoy the best of Nashville. Whether you're here to stay or seeking a reliable co-host, Acorn provides top-notch service, quick responses, and attention to detail. Let us make your Nashville visit or hosting experience seamless and special!
My work: Acorn Property
Speaks English, Spanish, and Italian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
622 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting