URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/675157878765516286
Latitude: 36.136
Longitude: -86.7013
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Relaxed Nashville Getaway | Quiet and Convenient

The space
Small in size, big on comfort — your perfect Nashville launchpad awaits.

Welcome to Nashville Getaway, your cozy home base just minutes from the best of Music City. This stylish 2BR/2BA condo is the ideal spot for couples, small families, or a few close friends looking to enjoy everything Nashville has to offer—without the chaos. Tucked in a laid-back neighborhood, you’re perfectly positioned between downtown excitement, local hangouts, and the airport.

Kick off your stay by exploring nearby gems like Sunflower Bakehouse, TenFold Brewing, and Black Shag Vintage—all just around the corner. Then catch a show downtown or unwind to underground blues at The Underdog. Back home, stretch out in a bright, comfy space with luxury kitchen upgrades, smart TVs, and a private balcony perfect for your morning coffee or evening wind-down. Whether you're in town for concerts, sightseeing, or just a chill getaway, this spot checks all the boxes: easy access, quiet nights, and all the comforts of home.

About the Neighborhood

Located just southeast of downtown, this quiet pocket of Nashville offers a relaxed, local vibe without the hustle and bustle of the city’s busiest areas. You’re close enough to hit Broadway, the Gulch, or the airport in under 15 minutes, but far enough to enjoy peaceful mornings and easy evenings. It’s a great spot for couples, small families, or anyone wanting to experience Nashville without being right in the middle of the party scene.

Settle In & Sleep Soundly: Your Home Layout

Third Floor Sleeping Spaces:

•	Bedroom 1: Queen bed with full bathroom across the hall

•	Bedroom 2 (Suite): Queen bed with private full bathroom

•	Smart TVs in both bedrooms

Second Floor Living:

•	Open-concept living room with big-screen Smart TV

•	Dining for 4

•	Fully stocked kitchen with luxury upgrades

•	Outdoor balcony access for morning coffee or evening wine

Comforts That Matter

•	High-speed Wi-Fi

•	Big screen Smart TV in living room + TVs in each bedroom

•	Fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances

•	Coffee maker, cookware, dishes, utensils

•	Fresh linens, towels, soaps, and shampoo

•	Washer and dryer

•	Central A/C and heating

Why You Will Love This Space

✓	1-car garage for standard-size vehicle

✓	Additional first-come-first-serve street parking

✓	Seamless Check-In

✓	Keyless garage entry with personal code

✓	24/7 access to the entire condo

✓	Noise monitoring technology installed (no audio recording)

✓	Custom digital guidebook included with discounts and local tips

Explore with Ease

In under 15 minutes, you can be downtown at Broadway, catching a concert at Nissan Stadium, shopping at Opry Mills, or grabbing dinner in the Gulch. It's location made simple—close to the action, without the chaos.

Nearby Eats & Drinks

• Folk ~ 2.5 mi – East Nashville wood‑fired pizzeria and seasonal kitchen; roomy for groups and ideal for sharing inventive, veggie‑forward dishes.

• Kisser ~ 2.7 mi – Japanese comfort food gem in Highland Yards; minimalist, buzzy spot serving ramen, chicken katsu and small plates—always the talk of the town.

• Butcher & Bee ~ 2.8 mi – Vibrant, produce‑driven Eastern Mediterranean café with platter-style sharables and spacious communal seating.

• Xiao Bao ~ 2.6 mi – Lauded for Pan‑Asian flavors and creative small plates in an urban‑casual setting; vegetarian-friendly and lively.

• East Side Banh Mi ~ 2.9 mi – Fast‑casual Vietnamese sandwich and noodle shop beloved by locals; efficient, flavorful, and modern.

Ready for a Relaxed Nashville Adventure? Let’s Make It Happen

Small in size, big on comfort—this is your perfect Nashville launchpad. Stay close to the action without getting caught in the chaos, and come home each night to a space that’s made for kicking back.

Don’t miss out—grab your dates now and start counting down to the easiest, breeziest Nashville trip ever.

Meet the Hosts  

iTrip Nashville is a dedicated vacation rental company based in Nashville, TN. Our team is committed to providing a five-star experience for the guests we have the honor of hosting. From spotless spaces to seamless check-ins, we ensure that every detail is covered upon your arrival. We’re available 24/7 to assist as needed. Be our guests and allow us to help you create unforgettable memories in Nashville.  

Love this property but your dates aren’t available? Reach out to us! We manage a variety of unique rentals across the area and would be happy to recommend another property that fits your needs.

Metro Nashville STR Permit 20210followedby77596

Other things to note
Please note that we may collect additional information from you after confirming your booking (usually an email address) in order to comply with local regulations and to provide the best possible experience.

Regulatory Information

2021_077596

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ITrip Nashville
Host User ID: 260899725
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/260899725
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
iTrip Vacations Nashville is a locally owned business that works very hard to provide world-class guest experiences for tens of thousands of guests each year.

Kevin and the entire iTrip staff loves all things Music City and enjoys interacting with visitors and creating wonderful memories for all who travel here or locals getting out and about. 

Please ask if you need anything.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
3664 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting