URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/41878338
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
You can’t beat this location only 3 blocks to Broadway! 3-bedroom, 3-bathroom apartment w/ private balcony. You’ll love the pool, two story gym, and all the building amenities! 

Walk to Broadway, Famous Bars & Honky Tonks, Live Music, Restaurants, Bridgestone Arena, Country Music Hall of Fame, Nissan Stadium, Music City Center, The Gulch, and everything downtown! We also welcome bach groups!

***Pool is open year round!***

The space
This Airbnb apartment complex is a very popular destination for visitors that want to experience all that Nashville has to offer. You'll likely see bachelorette and bachelor groups, birthday celebrations, and other travelers throughout your stay. The atmosphere is fun, social, and energetic, so occasional noise is to be expected. If you're looking to enjoy Nashville and don't mind being surrounded by fellow vacationers, this is the perfect place for you. If you prefer a quiet, residential setting, this property may not be the best fit. Please read our entire listing so you know what to expect when staying with us!

3 BEDROOMS & 3 ATTACHED BATHROOMS:
Bedroom #1 has one king bed
Bedroom #2 has 2 queen beds
Bedroom #3 has 1 queen bed 
Sofa pull-out bed (not pictured)
Single rollaway bed (not pictured)

Let us know when booking if the sofa pull-out bed or single rollaway bed will be needed during your stay so we can provide bedding. 

LIVING ROOM:
Sofa bed couch, with two pink velvet swivel chairs, and a Smart TV. Right off the living room is a private balcony overlooking the courtyard.

KITCHEN:
The gourmet kitchen has full size stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, and a large island with 4 stools. Stocked with dishware and cooking utensils. Keurig Machine with starter K-Cups provided. 

THE BURNHAM:
6 story Airbnb midrise apartment building located Downtown, south of Broadway aka SOBRO. There are 3 elevators and 3 sets of stairs inside the building. You'll find a stairwell right outside the apartment door that will take you straight to street level. This 1,300 square feet apartment unit is located on the 3rd floor, overlooking the courtyard from the balcony. We have another 3 bedroom unit inside the building if you have an even larger party! 

AMENITIES INCLUDED:
★ Outdoor pool (open year round)
★ 2 level fitness center & yoga studio
★ Climbing wall, treadmills, spin bikes
★ Sky lounge with deck & city views
★ The Collective: 2 story hangout & work 
★ Fire pits, grills, cornhole 
★ Courtyard Hangout Area
★ In-Unit Washer and Dryer

AMAZING WALKABLE LOCATION:
★ 3 min walk Music City Center
★ 4 min walk Bridgestone Arena
★ 5 min walk Lower Broadway
★ 100s of bars & restaurants within a 5-10 min walk!

Permit #2018074892

***We have many other properties with pools - reach out and ask us about them!

Guest access
Smart Lock Access:
The entire building is equipped with smart locks, and all guests are required to use the DOOR app on their phones for entry throughout their stay. There are no physical keys or keypads available.

The DOOR app is required to access all areas of the property, including the lobby, parking garage, amenities, and your apartment unit.

Downloading and using the DOOR app is a requirement of The Burnham.

All guests are required to download and use the DOOR app for access. If you are unable or unwilling to do so, this property may not be a good fit for your stay.

Other things to note
FUN & BUSY AIRBNB APARTMENT BUILDING:
Nashville is known for its lively atmosphere, especially in the heart of the city and at this Airbnb apartment complex. We want to set clear expectations that noise is a potential part of the lively atmosphere here in this fun apartment complex and part of being downtown. Please be aware that, as this is beyond our control, we cannot merit a refund for any noise-related concerns during your stay. There is also a security officer on-site to address any potential noise complaints. If you prefer a more quiet and relaxed atmosphere it might be best to consider a location further away from downtown not inside an apartment building. If you're ready to embrace the dynamic energy of Nashville and be in the midst of the action at The Burnham, this is the perfect place for you! 

PARKING:
We have ONE reserved parking space available inside the building for an additional $35/night. Guests must inform and pay host in advance for this parking space. The Parking Pass must be displayed on the dash so the number is easily visible when Parking Authority walks by. Your vehicle has to be parked in the space # listed on the pass - if these directions are not followed your car will be booted immediately at the guests expense. Extra vehicles can park in guest parking or a nearby parking lot (first come, first served and paid daily by parking meter).

NO SMOKING OR VAPING:
This entire apartment complex is a smoke and vape free premises. Absolutely no smoking or vaping allowed inside the unit, on the balcony, in any common spaces, parking garages, etc. $500 fine will be issued per occurrence or for any odor left behind at the cleaner and hosts discretion. 

CHILDREN:
This is a very lively Airbnb apartment complex within walking distance to Broadway. Although children are welcome, it's important to note this building has an "adult" environment and it may not be the best choice for children. Children under 18 years old must be accompanied by an adult at all times. We want families to know these thing up front so they can make the best choices for their Nashville trip. 

CHECK-IN 4PM & CHECK-OUT BY 10AM: 
Early check-ins and late check-outs start at a additional $300. This is not guaranteed and must be pre-arranged with host. Baggage Bellhop is a luggage storage company located in the lobby daily from 9am-4:30pm if needed before check-in or after check-out. There are 100s of bars and restaurants within walking distance to enjoy while Baggage Bellhop holds your luggage. We can also let you know if the cleaner finishes early. 

BROOKFIELD PROPERTIES:
The entire Airbnb apartment complex is owned and maintained by Brookfield properties & The Burnham. Sometimes appliances, household systems, and building amenities may unexpectedly malfunction, not work, or need to be temporarily closed for maintenance, cleaning, etc. We have no control over the building common areas or amenities and their cleanliness and/or availability to guests. While Brookfield properties and the Burnham do everything in their power to address any issues as quickly as possible, we do not offer refunds of any kind for situations out of our control.

BEDROOM CUTOUTS: 
Inside the apartment unit, bedroom #3 with one queen bed has small cutouts "openings" at the top of the adjoining wall with the kitchen & living room that can be covered with curtains - see listing photos. Noise will travel through these cutouts to and from the kitchen and living room. The other two bedrooms do not have these cutouts. This is the way the Burnham constructed most of their units inside the building - we have no control over this. 

STARTER SUPPLIES:
We provide complimentary starter coffee k-cups, paper towels, toilet paper, trash bags, and laundry detergent. This should get most groups by for 2-3 nights. If you need extra during your stay, you will need to purchase more. There is a Walgreens and DQX within walking distance. Instacart is also a great App to use for delivery.

We look forward to hosting you and ensuring your experience in Music City is as memorable as possible! Please reach out if you have any questions!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Allie
Host User ID: 285748255
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/285748255
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’ve been a professional Airbnb host in Nashville for 7 years and was honored to be named Host of the Year in 2021! 

I believe great stays start with easy communication, clear expectations, and spotless homes—creating spaces guests love coming back to again and again! 

My husband and I co-own a boutique property management company called Stay Nashville, LLC. We also love buying, selling, and flipping homes as investments. 

I’d love the opportunity to host you and your group here in Nashville!
Born in the 80s
My work: Professional Host
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1658 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting