URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7771795
Latitude: 36.147
Longitude: -86.8374
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Private guest suite in charming Sylvan Park, while only 4 miles from downtown Nashville! Beautifully decorated with your own private entrance, patio and dedicated parking. Walking distance to restaurants/bars in the heart of Sylvan Park and only blocks from McCabe Greenway. 10-12 min to Broadway for bar hopping, music & great restaurants! Close to Vanderbilt, Belmont, Centennial Park & West End. 

The perfect spot for couples, solo adventurers, and business travelers!

The space
This guest suite has its own entrance, space and parking, so you have full and private access during your stay. 

There is a super comfortable queen size bed, sound machine, room darkening curtains & blackout shades to ensure that you have a peaceful night's sleep. There is a dresser and large closet for your things, as well as a luggage rack. An iron, ironing board and steamer are also provided. 

The guest suite has a kitchenette with a fridge/freezer, microwave, toaster oven / air fryer and hot plate so you have everything you need to make make full meals at home if you don’t feel like going out. There is a Ninja coffee machine with integrated frother, so you can enjoy standard and iced coffee or lattes and cappuccinos. Complimentary coffee, milk, creamer, sugar and an array of flavored syrups are provided.

The bathroom is gorgeous with a large shower and beautiful tile (my favorite tile I've ever seen!). No need to pack a hair dryer, shampoo, conditioner or body wash - it’s provided for you!

Enjoy your morning coffee in the breakfast nook, or it’s a perfect spot to set up your laptop. Strong and fast wifi makes it great if you have to work from home. The smart TV allows you to access your own streaming services, as well as YouTube TV. The suite has its own dedicated HVAC system, so you have your own personal air space and can control the temperature as you wish with the Nest thermostat.

There is a private patio with patio seating for you to enjoy. 

There are 2 dedicated, standard size parking spots for you and a keypad lock so you can easily come and go as you please.

The guest suite shares a wall with my living space so you could potentially hear and see people during your stay. The only shared space is the backyard, so feel free to wave if you see me taking out the trash :) 

I sometimes foster puppies over the holidays and summer through a local rescue, you're welcome to come meet them if you see us in the yard!

You will love exploring Sylvan Park! There are a number of restaurants, bars, pilates studios, gym, golf course and greenway all within walking distance. You'll see why it's one of Nashville's most sought after areas - it's a quiet neighborhood, while still only being a mile from the interstate to easily hop on and get around Nashville.

Neighborhood Favorites: 

Richland Park Farmers Market - Every Saturday morning. So many amazing local vendors and fun to walk around!
Sylvan Supply - Restaurants, wine shop, cheese shop, Pilates studio
L&L Market - Local shopping, restaurants, spin studio, yoga
McCabe Golf Course & Greenway - 3 mile loop greenway, bicycle rentals, gym and golf course.

Guest access
Guests have private access to the guest suite and guest suite patio, which is attached to the back of my house but completely private. There is not access to the guest suite from the front of the house, only from the back where your parking is.

Other things to note
The guest suite shares a wall with my living space so you can could potentially hear and see people during your stay. The only shared space is the backyard, so feel free to wave if you see me taking out the trash :) . I try to be mindful of my guests and expect the same of you.

Quiet hours are 10PM to 8AM. 

Please remember that this is my home so treat it like you would a friend's home and I will do my best to make you feel at home! Max capacity in the suite is 2 people (including children), at any time. No pets or smokers allowed - $150 fine and immediate departure without refund for violation of either. 

There are exterior ONLY security cameras actively recording, for the safety of both guest and property.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 4185313
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/4185313
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I have been a host since 2015 and am a Nashville native, so I love having the opportunity to show off my my city! I'm a passionate traveler and have enjoyed staying in Airbnbs around the world and getting to have a local experience in different cities. 

I'm excited to welcome you to my home and help make your stay and trip a memorable one - I sometimes foster puppies over the holidays through a local rescue, so feel free to come meet them if you see us in the yard!
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Clemson University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
1434 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting