URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1735753523132684128
Latitude: 36.158829565748576
Longitude: -86.84967248565809
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 3
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into a boutique apartment designed to feel more like a private library than a hotel. Rich forest-green walls, vintage artwork, warm leather furnishings, and carefully collected antiques create a space that's cozy, sophisticated, and unlike anything else in Nashville.

Spend your evenings, curled up with a book, enjoy coffee beneath the gallery wall, or relax after exploring Broadway in a home that has been thoughtfully curated for optimum comfort.

The space
This luxe space is perfect for a romantic getaway or a relaxing solo trip, offering a fun and personality-filled atmosphere. Sink into the comfortable queen-size bed, or unwind on the brown leather sofa in the bright, open-plan living area, complete with a faux-grass accent wall and macrame hangings. Enjoy your favorite shows on the Smart TV or set the mood with the in-unit record player. The fully stocked kitchen, featuring dark wood cabinets and stainless steel appliances, is ready for your culinary adventures. 

Your home away from home includes:
   Comfortable queen-size bed
   Full shower/tub combo with fresh linens and towels
   Fully stocked kitchen with utensils and cooking supplies
   K-Pod coffee maker with complimentary coffee
   High-speed WIFI and Smart TV
   In-unit washer and dryer

This apartment is professionally cleaned and maintained to ensure a perfect stay. Please note, this apartment is located on the second floor and is accessible by stairs only; there is no elevator in the building.

* I have more great units in the building - please click my profile located at the bottom of the listing to view what’s available and compare deals!

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the entire apartment for the duration of their stay. Free parking is available for one vehicle in the private lot located behind the building. If the lot is full, free street parking is also available in front of the building. Please be mindful not to park near any fire hydrants.

Other things to note
This apartment is on the second floor and can be accessed by stairs only. There is no elevator in the building. 

Please park in the private parking lot behind the building. If there are no more spots, you can park in front of the building. Please be sure you are not parking near a fire hydrant. 

The trash can outdoors is located at the back of the parking lot. 

Please read all the house rules before booking. This apartment is only available to book for people living outside of Middle TN. No locals allowed. Strictly no smoking of any kind inside or around the apartment. You will be asked to leave and charged additional fees.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Karla
Host User ID: 339900224
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/339900224
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville has so much more to offer than our exciting music scene; we have an amazing restaurant scene, beautiful museums and art galleries, friendly neighbors with local shops and boutiques, the best cafes at every corner, and of course, trendy bars! We have a HUGE art scene, ranging from murals 200 feet tall to our Dolly inspired restaurant and everything in between. I promise you, there is something here for everyone.
Born in the 90s
My work: Airbnb Enthusiast
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
998 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting