URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1411229796573651160
Latitude: 36.1456
Longitude: -86.7923
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 3
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Music Row, just steps from legendary recording studios, local coffee shops, and Edgehill favorites like Sadie’s, Bella Napoli, and Barcelona Wine Bar. Walk to Vanderbilt, Belmont, and Midtown, or take a quick ride to Broadway and 12 South. Ideal for work trips, medical stays, couples, or weekend getaways, this stylish Nashville rental offers fast Wi-Fi, a full kitchen, easy self check-in, free parking, and pet-friendly comfort—right in the city’s iconic music scene.

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.  

ACCESS TYPE:
▻ Guests will have access to the following:
        -Entire unit
        -Shared pool on the 1st floor
        -Shared gym on the 5th floor
        -Shared clubhouse with pool table, private conference room and outdoor seating on the 5th floor

ENTRANCE:
▻ Access the building and unit using a door code

STUDIO LAYOUT:
▻ Bedroom space - features 1x queen bed, and a smart TV (cot available for 1 person), 1 single-sized roll away bed
▻ Kitchen - fully stocked kitchen with modern appliances (microwave, fridge, stove, oven, toaster, dishwasher, Keurig coffee maker)
▻ Full Bathroom- with tub, shower and basic toiletries

HIGHLIGHTS:
▻ Prime Music Row location
▻ Shared amenities: pool, gym, clubhouse, conference room
▻ Self check-in with secure door code
▻ Family-friendly, work-friendly, and fun-friendly!

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ Elevator in building 
▻ No stairs required inside the unit

Guest access
PARKING:
  ▻ There is garage parking available
 
ENTERING THE HOME:
 ▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In Using a Smart Lock with a Unique Code Per Guest

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES:
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee.
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings.
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs.
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500.
▻ NO pets allowed. Undisclosed pets will result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

By booking this property, you agree to follow all rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation.

POLICIES:
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available).
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access.
▻ Late Check-Out – Late check-out is not guaranteed and requires host approval. Standard checkout applies unless approved. To guarantee a later stay, book the next night if available. Unauthorized late check-outs incurs violation fees.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ No Pets Policy - NO pets allowed. Undisclosed pets will result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.
▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy.
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item)
▻ Cancellation - We provide a free cancellation if you cancel more than 30 days in advanced or within 24 hours of confirmation (as long as the check in date is more than 2 weeks out). If the cancellation is not during these windows, we will provide you a refund of any amount recouped from another booking during the same reservation dates, but this can only occur if you cancel the reservation to allow us to host other guests.
▻ There is an exterior camera installed above the front door, it is on and recording 24/7.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1661 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting