URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/560117787898033346
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 7
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
With a thoughtfully designed, modern apartment, you can take in the beautiful view of Downtown Nashville while experiencing prime location in the heart of the city only steps to Broadway!

Walk out your front door across the street and into Starbucks.

You have access to the best amenities. Whether you want to grill, work from the collective, cool off in the pool, or workout we have you covered.

We also offer preferred/secure parking for just $30 per day.

AIRBNB permit #2018062993

The space
This 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom loft style apartment is nestled in downtown Nashville just 3 blocks from Bridgestone Arena. You can walk to Broadway in 10-12 minutes. Enjoy street level access with Starbucks directly across the street, gourmet kitchen, in unit washer and dryer and luxury building amenities.

LIVING ROOM:
Extremely comfortable sleeper sofa, with nice chairs and smart TV. Lots of books for your reading pleasure.

KITCHEN:
The gourmet kitchen has full stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, and a large island. Fully stocked with dishwasher and cooking utensils. Keurig Machine with endless K-Cups. Off of the kitchen is a small dining table with 6 chairs.

2 BEDROOMS & 2 BATHROOMS:
Bedroom #1 has a queen bed and en-suite bathroom (walk-in shower) & walk-in closet. Bedroom #2 has 1 queen bed and en-suite bathroom (shower/tub combo)& walk-in closet. 
Clean towels, wash cloths, shampoo, conditioner, body soap, and blow dryer provided. 

LUXURY AMENITIES INCLUDED:
-Outdoor pool (not heated)
-2 level fitness center & yoga studio
-Climbing wall, treadmills, spin bikes
-Sky lounge with deck & city views
-The Collective: 2 story hangout & work
-Fire pits, grills
-Courtyard Hangout Area
-On-Site Concierge & Security
-Washer and Dryer with detergent
-Keurig and K-Cups
-Shampoo, Conditioner, Body Wash

PARKING OPTIONS:

1. There is 1 Guaranteed Gated Parking Space available for $35/night. Must make these arrangements & pay host before arrival. Parking Tag required on rear view mirror /dash or you will get booted. This is a specific assigned parking space number on the parking tag. No last minute/day of check-in requests for this type of parking. You must reserve ahead of time with host.

2. Additional Parking-Guest Parking is first come first serve and open to the public. No guaranteed availability during your stay - it's first come/first serve. Pay daily by parking meter. Prices vary depending on demand. Nashville also has many parking lots in the city and within walking distance to the parking complex.

Guest access
Guests will have entire apartment to themselves and access to all building amenities. Building amenities and common spaces are shared with other guests. 

Check - in 4pm-9pm & Check -Out 10am. Please note you will not have access into the apartment building until your check - in time at 4pm. If you need to check-in after 9pm please let host know prior to booking. 

This apartment is in high demand and stays mostly booked, therefore early check-ins and late check outs are very difficult to accommodate due to the cleaning protocol. If this is something you're interested in please ask a few days before your trip. Early check-ins and late check-outs can only be granted if your booking is not back to back with other bookings. If you need a place to store your luggage, Baggage Bellhop is on site to store your luggage for your convenience. 

This is a self check - in property by using the Latch App on your smartphone. Please provide host with email address when booking. The Latch Email will be sent to you a few days before check-in. Create a Latch Account from this email. This is the only way you will have access into the apartment. 

Other things to note:
You're staying in an AirBnB, not a hotel. Please treat my home with respect & read entire listing and house rules before booking. 

This is an apartment, which means you may hear others in the apartment building during your stay.

This building is in the very heart of downtown Nashville. We are not responsible for any uncontrolled variables outside of this building such as noise, private or public events, construction, etc that may be happening outside at the time of your trip. This is a multifamily complex whose ownership controls the amenities/common areas and exterior/shared interior spaces and maintenance of appliances and interior physical conditions of the apartment (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, hvac, drywall, etc) and as such these items are out of our personal control. NO REFUNDS will be offered if the pool is closed for any reason as this is out of our personal control.  We are bound to abide by the building's protocol when it comes to maintenance issues and timelines to resolve. All other items we personally take care of. We strive to deliver a wonderful stay and experience on everything we can control within the apartment itself to ensure you have a fabulous time in Nashville, living like a local!

Guest access
You have unlimited access to the property and all amenities within scheduled hours!

Check in between 4-9PM
Check Out 10AM

Bi-level fitness center w/climbing wall, cardio, strength equipment and spin studio. 

Sky lounge with deck and spectacular views. 

Two-story co-working and event space with high-speed internet

Pool with sprawling patio and outdoor area

Cabana and grill area

Fire pits

Other things to note
Please note this building is in the very heart of downtown Nashville. We are not responsible for any uncontrolled variables outside of this building such as noise, private or public events, construction, etc that may be happening outside at the time of your trip. This is a multifamily complex whose ownership controls the amenities/common areas and exterior/shared interior spaces and maintenance of appliances and interior physical conditions of the apartment (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, hvac, drywall, etc) and as such these items are out of our personal control. NO REFUNDS will be offered if the pool is closed for any reason as this is out of our personal control.  We are bound to abide by the building's protocol when it comes to maintenance issues and timelines to resolve. All other items we personally take care of. We strive to deliver a wonderful stay and experience on everything we can control within the apartment itself to ensure you have a fabulous time in Nashville, living like a local!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jaree
Host User ID: 117559165
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/117559165
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
839 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting