URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/38705029
Latitude: 36.15796
Longitude: -86.81782
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Introducing the newest attraction at our Music City Heights home.."The Music City Mural" painted by local famous Artist Troy Duff...one of the best photo opps in Nashville is right here in our living room! 3bd, 3.5 baths, fully stocked kitchen, 1 car garage, furnished roof top deck with incredible views of Downtown Nashville! 2.4miles from Downtown and Bridgestone Arena, 3.2miles from Nissan Stadium, 11miles from Nashville Airport, 1.4miles from Vanderbilt University, 13miles to Opryland!

The space
Each bedroom has its own private full bathroom. All bed linens, towels, and pillows, etc. are provided and on the beds upon arrival. 

Traveling doesn't mean having to eat out for every meal. Your group will absolutely love the huge kitchen with all brand new stainless steel appliances. The endless counter space and multitude of cabinets and drawers ensure plenty of space. We supply the kitchen necessities so you are able to cook or reheat leftovers easily! We have everything from pots and pans, Ninja Blender, a Keurig, and traditional coffee maker, to wine glasses, corkscrews, shot glasses, and even a CrockPot! 

On the Rooftop we have a huge dining table that seats 7, 4 adirondack lounge chairs, 25 gallon Stainless Steel Cooler Cart to keep your bevies ice cold, and Cornhole game!

There are towels, bed linens, iron & board, 2 hair dryers, and a brand new washer and dryer.

Our home comes with 1 parking space in the garage along w/ 1 space in the driveway. Lyft and Uber are both available in Nashville and are very affordable options to get to wherever you'd like to go! 

I want your stay here to be as fun and memorable as possible! I actually live here in Nashville and my family owns this home, therefore, you can be sure I am extra meticulous with the cleaning and maintenance. Our professional cleaning company is top notch whom I know personally! I am available if you need any assistance!

Guest access
You will have the entire home to yourselves!

Other things to note
While we allow events and parties, we DO NOT allow our home to be trashed like a college fraternity or teenage party. There is a BIG difference and you WILL be charged a $350 fee on top of the $250 cleaning fee, and reported to AirBnb if this occurs . Photos will be taken and reported to AirBnb for proof if this happens, in which AirBnb supports and backs our rule. "Trashing the property" includes things such as: pouring alcohol in refrigerator bins, dumping grease all over the stove, cabinets, counter tops and floors, moving beds and/or couches across the floor, putting holes in the walls, smearing food etc on the walls and floors, and stealing to name a few. Most adults would know better, but these things have happened and we simply will not allow guests of this nature in our home. If you feel your group may not be able to refrain from destructive actions, this is not the house for you. If you feel your group will respect this rule and you confirm the booking, you agree to the monetary fine in the case trashing occurs and being reported to AirBnb.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kelly
Host User ID: 29474549
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/29474549
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I enjoy chilling with my friends and family, cooking and entertaining. Animals and connecting with nature are important parts of my life; My two cat babies CoolWhip and Mays are my loves! I look forward to making your stay in Nashville, TN an incredible experience!
My work: Business Owner, Airbnb Manager, Entrepreneur, Licensed Private Investigator
Most useless skill: No such thing as a useless skill;)
10 years hosting
205 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting