URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1281180705185530741
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 0
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to “The Highlands” 🐮!  This cozy apartment is just a 5-minute walk from Lower Broadway. It can sleep six adults and is perfect for bachelor or bachelorette parties, work/business trips, and family vacations! Equipped with all needed linens, Starbucks coffee, and a Nintendo Switch! Spend some time relaxing and enjoying our building’s luxury amenities, including an outdoor heated pool, the sky lounge, and the fitness center with a fully equipped gym, rock climbing wall, and yoga studio.

The space
At The Highlands, you will be within walking distance of Nashville’s most popular attractions, including the Honky Tonks, countless renowned bars and restaurants, Bridgestone Arena, The Music City Center, Printer’s Alley, Nissan Stadium, Music Row, The Country Music Hall of Fame, The Parthenon, The Johnny Cash Museum, and so much more…

“The Highlands” includes:

🌟One Bedroom with a King Bed and Sliding Barn Doors for Privacy.

🌟Two Cozy Living Room Couches/Daybeds that Convert into Trundle Beds (creating 4 single beds!), Perfect for Groups and Larger Parties.

🌟A Deluxe Coffee Bar with both a Keurig AND a Nespresso Machine, Stocked with Starbucks K-Cups, Starbucks Nespresso Pods, Torani Syrups, 2 Types of Tea, Raw Sugar, Splenda, Coffee Mate Creamers, and Honey Sticks!

🌟A Fully Equipped Kitchen.

🌟A Nintendo Switch with 4 Controllers, Installed with Mario Kart and Mario Party!

🌟Free Wifi.

🌟Two Smart ROKU TVs.

🌟A Record Player with over a Dozen Records!

🌟A Walk-In Closet Attached to the Bedroom with a Desk and Mirror that can be used as an Office Space and/or a Getting Ready Space.

🌟One Pack-and-Play and One Highchair, convenient for families with babies or toddlers!

🌟A Balcony Overlooking the City with Seating for Two.

🌟Luxuriously Soft Linens for each Sleeping Space.

🌟A Washer and Dryer.

🌟A Starter Pack of Laundry Detergent and Dish Washer Pods.

🌟Complimentary Shampoo, Body Wash, and Conditioner.

🌟GAMES! Jenga, Yahtzee, Connect 4, Scrabble, New Phone Who Dis, and Clue.

🌟Complimentary Bottled Water and Chips Upon Arrival.

The Building Amenities:

🌟An Outdoor Heated Pool with loungers.

🌟The Sky Lounge with a Balcony and Brilliant Views of The City.

🌟An Outdoor Courtyard with Gas BBQs, Fire-pits and Plenty of Seating.

🌟A Two Level, Fully Equipped Fitness Center with a Rock-Climbing Wall and Pilates/Yoga Studio.

🌟Onsite Maintenance and Security.

Guest access
You and your guests will have access to the entire unit, as well as all the building amenities via smart locks.  Please note: Refunds cannot be issued for any building amenities that are unavailable during your stay, because unfortunately that is out of our control.  

You may have the option of using our gated, reserved parking spot inside the parking garage attached to the building.  It may be available at a discounted rate of $35 per night.  This can be arranged by contacting us prior to your arrival and is a transaction paid separately from your Airbnb reservation.  

This parking space is shared with another of our apartments in the same building, so it may or may not be available for your stay. Check with us to confirm availability. 

Other nearby lots and garages in the area charge  $44-$50 per night.

Check-in is at 4pm and check-out is at 10am.  For an additional fee, early check-in and/or late check out may be available upon request, but not guaranteed.

Other things to note
STR #2018073020

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Grace And Ryan
Host User ID: 441979431
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/441979431
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We are your hosts, Grace and Ryan, and we absolutely LOVE traveling. We are farmers by trade and we just got married last year. In our first year of marriage, we travelled to 3 different countries and 4 different states, and it was a blast! We love spending time with our family, working with our farm animals, traveling, of course, and playing board game! We are so excited to host you and hope you enjoy your stay!
My work: Regenerative Farmers
Fun fact: We just had our first son!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
135 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting