URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1649650815349542754
Latitude: 36.19588
Longitude: -86.77924
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 16
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★ The Lodge & Girls Night Out by AvantStay ★ 

• 2 homes across the street near downtown Nashville
• 8 bedrooms, sleeps 24 guests
• 2 rooftop lounges with hot tubs + skyline views
• Private karaoke lounge with stage + sound system
• Fully equipped kitchens + multiple living areas
• Minutes to Broadway, Nissan Stadium & Topgolf
• Walk to Pontoon Saloon river cruises
• In-home laundry + dedicated parking

The space
Welcome to The Lodge & Girls Night Out by AvantStay! These two homes sit right across the street from each other, offering a combined 8 bedrooms and space for up to 24 guests—perfect for large groups who want to stay close while still enjoying their own space.

Located just north of downtown along the Cumberland River, the homes place you about 10 minutes from Broadway’s iconic honky-tonks, rooftop bars, and live music venues. Nearby hotspots like Nissan Stadium, Germantown, East Nashville, and Topgolf are all within minutes, and the popular Pontoon Saloon river cruises depart less than half a mile away, making it easy to experience one of Nashville’s most unique outings. It’s a location that balances quick downtown access with a more relaxed neighborhood feel.

The Lodge
The Lodge blends cabin-inspired warmth with modern comfort. A dramatic floor-to-ceiling stone fireplace anchors the open living area, where natural textures and earthy tones create a cozy, National Park–inspired atmosphere.

The fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances makes group meals easy, while four ensuite bedrooms themed after iconic National Parks provide comfort and privacy for up to 12 guests. The layout includes a ground-floor king suite, two additional king/queen suites upstairs, and a spacious top-level bunk room with two twin bunks and two queen sleeper sofas. Smart TVs are available in every bedroom, the living room, and the rooftop.

The private rooftop lounge is the standout feature. Fully enclosed for added privacy, it offers a hot tub with skyline views, bar seating, dining space, games, and a large TV—perfect for sunset happy hours or soaking under the stars.

Additional conveniences include two dedicated parking spaces and in-home laundry.

Girls Night Out
Girls Night Out is designed for celebration, centered around a private karaoke lounge that turns your stay into a full performance weekend—perfect for bachelorettes, birthdays, and group getaways.

The bright open living area flows into a fully equipped kitchen stocked with essentials, highlighted by a playful lemon-yellow fridge. A dining table for six plus additional seating makes it easy to gather for meals, games, or pre-night-out drinks. Smart TVs are located throughout the home.

Downstairs, the curtain-lined karaoke lounge features a high-end karaoke system, full sound setup, large screen, stage, and plush viewing couch, creating a true at-home concert experience.

Outdoor spaces add even more room to gather. The private deck with fire pit and dining table is great for relaxed evenings, while the rooftop features a hot tub, lounge seating, bar stools, and sweeping downtown views.

The home sleeps up to 12 guests across four bedrooms, including three with ensuite bathrooms: a queen primary suite, a bedroom with two queen beds, a king bedroom, and a loft-style room with two twins and two sleeper sofas. Dedicated makeup stations, in-home laundry, and garage parking add extra convenience.

Together, The Lodge & Girls Night Out create a standout Nashville group retreat—pairing cozy lodge-style comfort, skyline rooftop lounges, private hot tubs, and a one-of-a-kind karaoke experience just minutes from the heart of Music City.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay Style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home allows up to 2 pets for a fee; undisclosed pets brought without AvantStay’s approval may result in a $500 fine per pet.

Parking Details:
- Guests may park in one space directly in front of the unit and one garage space. A limited number of overflow parking spaces are also available on site.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit: 2025/10/2499

Registration Details
2025102482 & 2025102499

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting