URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1153618951223057762
Latitude: 36.13727
Longitude: -86.63609
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the epitome of luxury and convenience at The Quail's Nest! Indulge in the charm of this stylish abode, featuring plush beds and spacious interiors. Nestled in a tranquil neighborhood, our retreat offers serenity just minutes from the airport, downtown, and the iconic Opryland. Perfect for families, The Quail's Nest promises a seamless blend of comfort and elegance. Your dream getaway awaits – book now for a truly unforgettable stay!

The space
This freshly renovated home is both luxurious and cozy. It offers ample space to relax and create lasting memories. Designed for modern luxury, this spacious and stylish home features breathtaking vaulted ceilings with open-concept living area, a state-of-the-art kitchen with large island, dedicated workspace with standing desk and monitor, endless natural light, beautiful finishes, and thoughtful touches, you will absolutely feel the love that went into the design & décor. The Quail’s Nest will set the stage for an unforgettable stay in Music City.

The main level of the house has high vaulted ceilings and modern chandeliers. It includes a large great room with multiple couches and an electric fireplace. Just beside the large open kitchen, there is a formal dining room seating 10+ guests. 

The second floor has a master suite with king bed with 65 inch Smart TV, women’s makeup vanity and with a full private bath right inside the bedroom with large walk in shower so it is perfect for getting ready for a night on the town. Also upstairs there is a queen bedroom and an additional room with 2 twin beds, both providing comfort style, and each including their own Smart TV.

☆☆Amenities for a Perfect Stay☆☆

★ 15 Minutes to Downtown

★ 15 Minutes to the Opry

★ Right beside the Airport

★ Outdoor Dining and Lounge Space

★ Photoshoot Wall

★ FREE Level 2 EV Charger - Tesla & J1772

★ High-Speed Gigabit Fiber Internet

★ Dedicated Workspace with Standing Desk & Monitor

★ Modern Kitchen with State-of-the-Art Appliances

★ Formal Dining Area with Seating for 10+

★ 4K Smart TVs with Streaming Services

★ Electric Indoor Fireplace

★ Smart Lock Keyless Entry

★ Lots of Driveway Parking

★ Essentials for Personal Hygiene 

★ Washer/Dryer with Detergent

★ Iron & Board

★ Towels and Linens

★ Coffee Maker, Espresso Machine, and Electric Kettle

★ Baby Essentials like High Chair, Pack-and-play, & Baby Gates

Kitchen:

The fully-equipped kitchen is a haven for both amateur and experienced chefs. It boasts modern appliances, ample counter space, and all the necessary tools for preparing meals - including oils and spices. Guests can gather around the stylish island for conversation and snacks. The kitchen includes appliances like a Ninja blender & food processor, electric spiralizer, crock pot, air fryer, and more!

We are happy to provide you with an extensive coffee bar including everything you could need like coffee pot, espresso machine, sugar, flavored syrups, and To-Go cups. Free coffee, espresso, and tea are provided. We have decaf coffee too!

There is a butler’s pantry just outside the kitchen that is perfect for storing your pantry items or mixing up some beverages. It includes a separate drink refrigerator, cocktail mixing set, and also various types of glasses for beer, wine, cocktails, champagne, Moscow Mules… we’ve got it all!

If you don’t feel like cooking - ordering in is always a good option. Uber Eats, Door Dash and Postmates, Amazon restaurants are all popular food delivery apps that service our area.

Living Rooms:

This house includes 2 main living room areas, both with welcoming tall ceilings and an abundance of natural light, along with super spacious open floor plans, that will help your group feel the perfect balance of privacy and community with plenty of room to spread out. Both rooms include motorized shades.

Outdoor Area:

A standout feature of the home is the large wrap-around deck, perfect for enjoying the sunshine or a night relaxation session. It also includes a gas grill, dining table, gazebo, and multiple sitting areas with sectional couches, and chaise lounges. it's an ideal spot for enjoying a morning coffee, or an evening cocktail.

Amenities:

This Airbnb home offers high-speed Wi-Fi, smart TVs, and other contemporary amenities to ensure a comfortable stay. Towels, linens, iron & board, hair dryer, washer and dryer (including detergent), and many more amenities are all provided. Make your stay easier with our free baby gear essentials like high chair and pack-and-play.

EV Charger:

Charge your electric vehicle with ease during your stay. The driveway includes a free Level 2 EV charger available for guest use, compatible with both Tesla and standard J1772 vehicles. Simply plug in overnight and wake up to a full charge—perfect for road-trippers or anyone exploring Nashville with an EV.

Location:

Nestled just beside the Nashville airport, the property is just a few minutes from Nashville's best attractions like downtown, East Nashville, Opryland Hotel & Opry Mills, Percy Priest Lake, Nashville Shores, and more!

Transportation:

While the home is easily accessible by foot to various attractions, a short Uber ride can swiftly transport guests to the lively downtown area and Broadway, where they can experience the city's renowned music scene and nightlife.

Guest access
You'll have access to the house from the front door and multiple back door entrances. The basement level is a separate space occupied by a long-term resident. Your rental area and entrance are completely private.

Our smart door lock system allows for easy and secure entry and you will be provided with a custom code just before your stay begins. Parking is a breeze with the large driveway on the front, back, and right side of the property.

Early check-in and late check-out may be available for your stay for an added fee of $75 per instance, depending on availability and cleaning schedules. We likely may not know if this is possible until a few days before your stay. If you would like to arrange, please message.

Other things to note
Check-in is after 4 PM, and check-out is by 11 AM. For added security, the property is equipped with smart lock keyless entry and doorbell camera.

We are in a residential neighborhood and we like our neighbors so please be respectful and keep your voices to a nice level when you are outside enjoying yourself. Please keep the volume inside at reasonable levels and be respectful of quiet hours between 10pm - 8am. There is a noise monitor on the property which only reads volume levels and does not record. No additional guests not stated on the reservation. No parties or events are allowed. 

End your search for the perfect Nashville stay. Book with us and receive great hospitality and communication. We genuinely care about the quality of your stay. This beautiful home will provide you with a large space to enjoy your family and friends while providing you comfort and privacy. Come experience the serene beauty of The Quail's Nest!

Registration Details
2024028124

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Clint
Host User ID: 74923254
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/74923254
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Where I went to school: Middle Tennessee State University
My work: Product Designer
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
74 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting