URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/17464235
Latitude: 36.14882
Longitude: -86.83325
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Come home from work or play to this serene open floor plan awash with natural light under vaulted ceilings. Bright blue and green on the outside, calmingly colorful on the inside, let this airy space and yard be your sylvan corner of Nashville. Spend time inside resting, cooking, watching TV, listening to music, reading. You could also take your time with us outside into the back yard where you can relax in a hammock or sit by the fire. Welcome!

The space
This is an incredibly comfortable space. And I'm not just saying this because it's mine. Between the ample sunlight and the minimal decorations, there is a calmness that is present here. I am a reflective and quiet person, with a minimalist style myself. I hope you find a certain peace here. 

In addition to being a very clean space, there are many amenities that I've provided to make your stay comfortable: first aid kit, emergency feminine supplies, shampoo, conditioner, soap, extra razors if you forgot yours, hair dryer, iron and ironing board a basic kitchen set up (utensils, bowls, cooking spoons and spatulas, microwave, etc.), dish soap, extra pillows and blankets, firewood, kindling, matches and even marshmallow sticks. All cleaning supplies, soaps and shampoos are safe for our environment, and I hope you will help me recycle by putting your glass and plastic bottles, aluminum cans and other recyclable materials in the appropriate recycling bins that I've provided under the sink. Unfortunately, Metro Nashville only collects traditional plastic recyclables now: drink bottles, milk jugs, laundry containers, etc., but no longer vegetable clamshell containers, tubs or plastic cups/straws.

The two outside sections of the brown sofa lean back but not terribly comfortable for sleeping. I have a twin floor mattress that I can give you, if needed.

I also pride myself on being an environmentalist consumer insofar as I believe in re-using. About 75% of the furnishings in this space were procured for free, at Goodwill or from neighborhood garage sales and listserv advertisements. The mattress, linens, sofa, carpet and television are new, as are the fridge and stove. I am always shocked at what folks throw away since most of these items are like new. Others may have required a tad of shinola to be as nice as they are now. 

Perhaps my most favorite re-purposed items are the three pieces of wall art and the hanging leaded glass. My good friend's mother unexpectedly passed away and she offered me several of her mom's possessions. The paintings on the wall are from a local artist and the strange spool and bird piece was created from her mother's box of crafting supplies I could not bring myself to throw away. It's called "Brigit's Desk." A closer look at the piece will reveal the meaning of the title.

Outside you'll find landscaping populated with native pollinating plants. In 2018 I planted two PawPaw trees. If you're here in mid-to-late summer you are welcome to try North America’s  only native tropical fruit! In the gardens are irises, mountainmint, poppy (I didn't realize Tennessee had poppies!), red beebalm and white beardtounge. I confess I do have some creeping jenny and nasturtium along the retaining wall, which aren't native, but they are such tidy and joyful  little plants, I couldn't help myself. The gardens are always a work in progress, so excuse our construction.

A Note on Pricing: 
Airbnb has changed their pricing such that hosts pay all fees. I do not charge a cleaning fee and I set my pricing to be affordable to regular, working people, like myself. I'm asking you to help shoulder the burden of the 15.5% service fee, hence the sticker shock. However, you'll find no added fees at the end of the transaction. My excellent rating tells you it's worth it.

Guest access
You are welcome to use the backyard and laundry (soap provided), which is just downstairs. There is a hammock and chair cushions for your use in the entrance room. Please take them back in after you’re done. We have many birds who have excellent aim. Also, from time to time I may take the cushions for company, so one or two may be missing, but it will be returned promptly.

I am often working on the house or in the yard. If you see me, please say hello or wave. I'm happy to take a rest and let you know about local places to see or good eateries that are close by.

Other things to note
Cleaning: Unless you are staying for five or more days, I will plan on cleaning the space after your departure. If you are staying five or more days, I'll clean the space once every five days. If you'd like to wash towels in between that time you are welcome to use the washer, dryer and laundry soap provided. 

21 and Up: I regret that I cannot accommodate persons who are under 21 years old without a parent or guardian. 

Metro Nashville Short Term Rental Permit #: two-018004303

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Carolyn
Host User ID: 35948219
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/35948219
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a native Nashvillian (yes, there are a few of us left) who has travelled widely and lived on both coasts and some places in between. I also lived in Switzerland for a year and travelled all around Europe, the UK and India. 

My work as the leader of a local nonprofit organization keeps me busy with writing, teaching, and generally steering the ship. I enjoy kayaking, camping, hiking and gardening. I try to be outside as often as I can be.
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee, Knoxville
My work: Clergy, death ed
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
312 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting