URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1161783385679689996
Latitude: 36.1933
Longitude: -86.778
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Private speakeasy, rooftop skyline views, and a relaxing hot tub. Bourbon + Bubbles is your perfect Nashville getaway. Just 10 minutes from Broadway and minutes from Nissan Stadium, this stylish 4-bedroom, 4-bath retreat is perfect for bachelorette trips, concerts, family vacations, and group getaways. 🌆

The space
Things You'll Love: 
◆ Located within 10 minutes of Broadway
◆ Meticulously designed & vibrant bedrooms
◆ Smart TVs throughout – easily connect to all your favorite streaming apps!
◆ Rooftop oasis with hot tub, large dining table for 8 guests, and fire-pit lounge
◆ Speakeasy that features a stage, microphone, a 65-inch TV, a plenty of seating. 
◆ Expansive, fully stocked gourmet kitchen with a deluxe Keurig Duo coffee maker.
◆ Washer & Dryer
◆ High speed Wi-Fi & dedicated workspace
◆ Dog-Friendly: We know your dogs are family too! We have a $150 pet fee per stay that includes up to 2 dogs. There are no breed or weight restrictions. 

Important to Note:
The home is located close to the highway, so noise is audible from the rooftop and you may occasionally hear passing trucks from inside. We want to make sure you're aware before booking.

Sleeping Arrangements:
First Floor:
◆ Bedroom 1 - King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom + Smart TV

Second Floor:
◆ Bedroom 2 - Two Queen Beds + Ensuite Bathroom + Smart TV
◆ Bedroom 3 - Two Queen Beds + Ensuite Bathroom + Smart TV

Third Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 4 - King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom + Smart TV

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering Bourbon & Bubbles for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Important Information:
◆ Traffic Noise: Because the home is close to the highway, some bedrooms may experience noticeable traffic noise. Guests who are sensitive to sound or light sleepers may prefer a quieter property.
◆ Stairs Required: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.
◆ No Garage Parking: The garage has been converted into a game room and is not available for vehicle parking. Vehicles may not be parked inside the garage. Guests will be responsible for any damages resulting from unauthorized use. Ample street parking is available directly in front of the home.

Hot Tub:
The hot tub comfortably seats 4 guests and is professionally cleaned with fresh water prior to each arrival.
During colder temperatures, when the water has been replaced, it may take up to 24 hours from check-in for the hot tub to fully heat while covered and retaining warmth. Please note that in cold weather, the hot tub may have difficulty maintaining temperatures above 95°F.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5404 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting