URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1474671593495424634
Latitude: 36.14766
Longitude: -86.81556
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
A stylish yet cozy 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom home right in the heart of Midtown Nashville. Thoughtfully designed with chic décor and a layout made for comfort, it’s the perfect spot to soak up the true Nashville vibe. Located in the new Odyssey at the Park building, it offers an open-concept space, tasteful furnishings, elevator access, and an unbeatable location—making your stay as easy and enjoyable as possible.  Two dedicated parking spots in the garage provide further convenience for your stay.

The space
Location:
This unit places you within walking distance of some of Nashville's most iconic attractions. A short 2-block-walk will take you to Centennial Park, where lush greenery, walking trails, and the stunning replica of the Parthenon await your exploration. Not only will you find history and culture at your door step, but Midtown is also a culinary paradise. You'll find an array of local restaurants, eateries, bars, and coffee shops nearby! For music enthusiasts, Nashville's renowned music venues and honky-tonks are just a short ride away - 5 mins!

Parking:
31st Avenue Charm is a rare-find at The Odyssey building with two (2) dedicated parking spots in the free parking garage.

Main living areas: 
Upon entering the home, an abundance of sunlight from the floor to ceiling windows greets you to 31st Ave. Charm. Revel in the trendy industrial design of the open-concept floor plan living room, complete with a smart TV, comfortable seating, and designer decor. Admire the simple yet modern charm of the home, and step outside to the private patio to indulge in a cup of morning coffee while planning your day of adventure, and take in the refreshing Nashville air. 

Kitchen: 
Conveniently connected to the living area is the fully equipped kitchen, where you will find stainless steel appliances with all your cooking essentials. Take advantage of the space and whip up your favorite meal, or explore local flavors from neighborhood eateries at the kitchen island seating. Complete with city views through the floor to ceiling windows, this will be the perfect backdrop to a hearty breakfast or a nightcap.

Bedrooms & bathrooms: 
The primary bedroom is your personal haven, featuring a luxurious king bed, smart TV, large walk-in closet, and en-suite bathroom. The en-suite bathroom includes a spacious standing shower for your convenience. The 2nd bedroom offers an equally comfortable queen bed alongside carefully selected furnishings, smart TV and closet space. There also is a 2nd bathroom off the living area featuring a shower/tub combo. Whichever room you choose, it will be the perfect space to unwind after a day of city exploration.

Bed Set Up:
Primary Bedroom: King bed with smart TV, en-suite bathroom and large walk-in closet. Bathroom includes single vanity and stand-in shower.
2nd Bedroom: Queen bed with smart TV, designer decor and closet space.
*Additional Sleeping Arrangement: Sleeper Sofa in the Living Room

Odyssey building accommodations and amenities:
As a guest of the Odyssey, you'll enjoy exclusive access to a range of upscale amenities designed to enhance your stay. Dive into the sparkling, resort-style pool, complete with sun loungers and a BBQ grill, perfect for soaking up the sun or hosting a casual outdoor meal. Fitness enthusiasts will appreciate the state-of-the-art gym, equipped with everything you need to keep up your workout routine. *Please note: The pool is open year-round, but may close due to extreme weather. Hours of operation are from 8 AM to 8 PM.

31st Avenue Charm is not just a temporary stay; it's your home away from home curated to enrich your travels. Come and immerse yourself in the rich culture of Music City, dive into the vibrant nightlife, or simply find the comfort of a home with hotel-style amenities, and let Nashville's allure steal your heart.

This unit is located on the 3rd floor, and the building does have an elevator to take you to each floor.

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire home.

Other things to note
THINGS TO KNOW

- Streaming is available using your own accounts.
- Guest entry instructions: This rental utilizes a smart lock that requires a unique code to enter. This code is reset after each guest's stay.
- Two dedicated parking spots labeled “305” in the parking garage.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 440360756
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/440360756
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’m Chris. I co-host awesome Airbnbs in Nashville and several other parts of the country! Find me on IG @boost.rentals
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Purdue University & Indiana University
5 years hosting