URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1086990295190530379
Latitude: 36.1545
Longitude: -86.7637
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
🎵 COME STAY & PLAY at Gold Note Suite! 

Beautiful & BRAND NEW Spacious THREE BEDROOM condo. Located exactly 1 mile from Downtown Nashville / Broadway on 1st Ave South and Lindsley Ave - just two blocks from the popular LIVE MUSIC venue Third and Lindsley and two doors down from The Cordelle Event Center.

The space
☆☆☆ The luxury design and rich amenity list at Gold Note Suite will leave you in awe! ☆☆☆

Please take a tour through this unique oasis to familiarize yourself with all the comforts and amenities it offers. The best place to start is the majestic open-concept design living area. The home's heartbeat features a sleek and modern living room with a fully equipped kitchen and an inviting dining area. Natural sunlight bursts through large balcony doors to brighten the space and reinforce the vibrant style you'll enjoy with your family and friends.

You can quickly change your settings by stepping onto the balcony overlooking the neighborhood. It offers a private outdoor space perfect for a morning cup of coffee or a few drinks before heading out to town in the evening.

Contemporary design and comforts are present in three bedrooms that will have you sleeping like royalty. Ladies will especially like the newly installed vanity stations and full-size mirrors that will make you feel like a movie star while getting ready for the big bachelorette party!

★ LIVING ROOM ★
The home's focal point is ideal for a fun gathering. Sit back, relax, and decide if you will watch a movie, listen to your favorite tunes, or discuss your plans for days to come.

✔ Comfortable Sofa with Pillows
✔ Smart TV
✔ Bluetooth Speaker
✔ Chic Sofa Chairs
✔ Stylish Coffee Tables & Reading Lamps
✔ Access to the Balcony

★ KITCHEN & DINING ★
The fully equipped kitchen comprises of ample cabinetry, spacious countertops, and state-of-the-art appliances that allow for the effortless and fun preparation of your favorite meals.

✔ Microwave
✔ Stove
✔ Oven
✔ Toaster
✔ Coffee Maker
✔ Double-Door Refrigerator/Freezer
✔ Dishwasher
✔ Sink - Hot & Cold Water
✔ Trays
✔ Glasses
✔ Silverware
✔ Pots & Pans

Gather around the central kitchen island and enjoy a tasty homemade meal.

✔ Large Kitchen Bar with Seating for 4
✔ Stylish Dining Room Table with Seating for 6

★ SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS – 3 BEDROOMS★
Three comfortable bedrooms make you feel like you are sleeping on clouds while providing maximum convenience through added amenities.

♛ Master Bedroom: King-Size Bed, Ensuite Bathroom¸ Vanity Stations
♛ Bedroom 2: Queen-Size Bed, Balcony Access, Vanity Stations
♛ Bedroom 3: Bunk Bed (Queen over Queen) + Queen Trundle, Vanity Stations

All bedrooms offer a similar set of amenities:

✔ Premium Mattresses, Pillows, Linens, and Sheets
✔ Smart TVs
✔ Vanities with Lighted Mirrors
✔ Closets with Hangers and Shelves
✔ Night Stands with Reading Lamps
✔ Sound Machine in each Bedroom for Soothing Sleep
✔ Full-Size Mirrors

★ BATHROOMS ★
In addition to the ensuite bathroom of the master bedroom, the home features another full relaxing bathroom that caters to the remaining two bedrooms and the living area. Both are stocked with essential toiletries, so you don't need to worry about overpacking. 

✔ Walk-In Shower
✔ Double Vanities
✔ Mirror
✔ Toilet
✔ Towels
✔ Hair Dryers
✔ Essential Toiletries

★ BALCONY ★
Enjoy the tranquil ambiance by stepping out on the balcony from the living room, offering a private outdoor setting where you can relax, catch a breath of fresh air, and put your finger on the pulse of the neighborhood.
 
✔ Cozy Seating Area

Spend a memorable vacation in this elegant, fun home where modern amenities and stylish décor mix with the utmost comforts, welcome to Gold Note Suite

Guest access
KEYLESS ENTRY:
Prior to your arrival, you will receive a unique keypad code that will serve as your keyless entry to the condo during your stay. Access is all keyless entry and you can come and go as you please.

GUIDE BOOK:
A book with recommendations for local restaurants, coffee shops, spas and other places to visit is provided in the condo.

PARKING
-There is free weekend street parking starting on both sides of the street.
-Paid, covered parking under the building. All guests receive a daily discount making parking $25/day.

Other things to note
For the budget-conscious traveler or those yearning for a home-cooked meal, our sparkling kitchen awaits your culinary adventures. Fully equipped with full-size, stainless steel appliances, it's a haven for creating delicious memories. The breakfast bar and dining area with seating for ten, invites you to share laughter and meals in a electric atmosphere.

Strategically located within walking distance to Nashville's famous Broadway strip and a plethora of attractions, our condotel puts you at the center of the action. Whether you're strolling down the lively streets or seeking out the city's hidden gems, our home is your perfect starting point.
Book now and make our stunning, sleek and modern suite your rhythm-filled retreat. Experience Nashville in a symphony of style and comfort, where every beat resonates with the spirit of The Gold Note. 🎵 🎶

★ CLEANING & SANITIZATION ★
Health, safety, and well-being of our guests are of utmost importance. For this reason, we use a thorough cleaning process after each check-out.

★ NO PETS ALLOWED ★
We love those little (and not so little) furry bundles of joy. Sadly, our home and building are not suitable to accommodate them.

★ NO SMOKING INSIDE ★
Please refrain from smoking inside the home! Any smoking evidence will result in a fee for odor removal and furniture cleaning.

★ NO PARTIES/EVENTS ★
We kindly ask you to treat our home as your own to preserve its pristine condition for future guests and your return visits.

★ We DO NOT host locals ★

Only the number of guests on the reservation are allowed at the property.  You will be asked to leave ASAP if over guest limit.  This is Nashville code enforcement regulations and taken very seriously.

This rental is located on floor 4
.
Parking notes: There is free parking on street  

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
We HIGHLY SUGGEST the following if an early check in or late check out is needed:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out, please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively, you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 

Damage waiver: The total cost of your reservation for this Property includes a damage waiver fee which covers you for up to $1500 of accidental damage to the Property or its contents (such as furniture, fixtures, and appliances) as long as you report the incident to the host prior to checking out. More information can be found from the "Additional rules" on the checkout page.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Justin
Host User ID: 561044467
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/561044467
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Traveling is what my family is all about! Road trips, especially off the beaten path, are our favorite pastime. Find that local diner, see the sights and make some great memories at one of our properties!
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Texas A&M University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
88 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting