URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1696600704074100642
Latitude: 36.129
Longitude: -86.7465
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 9
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Perlino, your modern getaway in Nashville! Nestled in the highly sought-after Wedgewood-Houston (WeHo) area. This pristine 3-bedroom, 2.5-bathroom retreat perfectly balances Music City excitement with upscale relaxation.

Whether you’re in town for a weekend getaway, a family vacation, or a productive work trip, This Airbnb offers an easy central nashville location with fun & relaxing amenities. From our 8 person hot tub to our pool table. It's never a dull moment at The Perlino.

The space
💎 THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR 💎
✔ Bachelor & Bachelorette Groups
Get ready for a memorable celebration! The stylish decor and convenient location near Nashville's famous nightlife make this the perfect party pad.

✔ Friend Meetups
Reconnect with friends in a space built for good times. The ample common areas, deck and flexible sleeping arrangements are perfect for making new memories.

✔ Family Reunions
With plenty of space, a safe environment, and thoughtful amenities like our pack N Play, baby gate & kid dish ware this home is designed for family-friendly fun.

✔ Concert & Event Goers
Skip the traffic! Our prime location offers quick and easy access to top venues, like Geodis Park, The Nissan Stadium & Bridgestone Arena ensuring you never miss a beat.

✔ Corporate & Business Travelers
Stay productive and comfortable with high-speed WiFi and a dedicated office with a monitor and HDMI cable provided, all in a professional and relaxing setting.

💎 LIVING & DINING 💎
✔ ️ Fully Stocked Kitchen with plenty of amenities including; paper towels, dish soap, dish washer pods, large garbage bags, small garbage bags and everyone's favorite COFFEE with an easy to use keurig. 

✔ Large spacious living room, A great place to catch up, binge your favorite series on our large 75" Smart TV or just simply relax. There is plenty of room for everyone! 

✔ Private deck, An amazing spot to wind down and relax after touring the city. Come back and soak in our large 8 person spa or enjoy catching up with your friends by the gas fire pit. 

💎 BEDROOMS 💎
Sleep soundly in one of our 3 cozy bedrooms, all equipped with high-quality linens that are professionally cleaned and sanitized between every guest.
✔ Bedroom 1: A beautiful master retreat, equipped with a King bed, twin chaise, 55" smart Tv, black out curtains, a private office & an incredible walk in closet with 2 get ready stations. 

✔ Bedroom 2: A tranquil retreat with a soft King bed, 55" Smart Tv, black out curtains & a walk in closet. 

✔ Bedroom 3: Features a versitile queen over king bunk bed, 55" Smart TV, black out curtains & a walk in closet. 

💎 BATHROOMS 💎
Our bathrooms are fully stocked with everything you need. You'll find plenty of fresh bath towels, washcloths, hand towels, and even dedicated makeup towels. For your convenience, we also provide complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body wash.

✔ Bathroom 1: A private, ensuite bathroom located in the master bedroom (  bedroom 1 ), featuring a large walk in shower with dual shower heads, a private water closet & a dual sink vanity.

✔ Bathroom 2: A full Jack N' Jill bathroom with a separated water closet, & shower-tub combo, conveniently located between bedrooms 2 and 3

💎 WHAT’S CLOSE BY 💎
Explore the best of Nashville from our WedgeWood-Houston ( WeHo ) Nashville location! You'll be close to the city's top attractions and local gems. 

✔Geodis Park: Just 5 minutes away ( within walking distance ), this venue is home to the Nashville Soccer Club 

✔ Broadway: Dive into the heart of Nashville's vibrant energy and famous nightlife, just 8 minutes away.

✔ 12th South: A short 8-minute drive, this unique destination offers an amazing curated collection of local shops and dinning options.

✔ Country Music Hall Of Fame: Dive into the history of Nashville's famous Country Music Hall Of Fame, just 8 minutes away.

✔ Bridgestone Arena: located just 9 minutes from the house, you can catch all your favorite shows or a Preds game! 

✔ Music Row: Want to see where all the country singers record their new albums? Visit Music Row and see iconic recording studios like Sony, Studio B & Warner Music

✔ The Gulch: Known for its high-end boutiques, luxury high-rises, and trendsetting dining options the gulch is just a quick 10 minute drive.  

✔ Vanderbilt & Belmont: Visit your favorite Tennessee campuses in only 11 minutes. 

✔ BNA: Need to catch a flight? Enjoy easy access to and from the airport. Our space is only 12 minutes away. 

✔ Nissan Stadium: Home of the Tennessee Titans, Located just 12 mins away sits one of the largest Venues in the USA with over 60,000 seats

✔ The Nashville Zoo: A Short 12 minute drive sits a 188 Acre zoological park home to over 2,200 animals 

✔ Green Hills Mall: Nashville’s premier luxury shopping destination, located less than 13 Minutes away  It features over 120 high-end stores, premium dining options, and everyday retailers. 

✔ Opryland: Wether you are wanting to shop, catch a show or explore the Gaylord Opryland Resort we are only 15 minutes away.

Guest access
✔ The Entire House is Yours: Enjoy full and private access to the entire home for your group's stay. But please note the garage and back parking to the left is off limits. The garage is currently occupied and you may see people coming from time to time. 

✔ Easy Self Check-In: You'll receive a unique code before you arrive, allowing for a seamless and secure check-in process.

✔ 24/7 Guest Support: We're here for you. Feel free to message or call us anytime, day or night, with any questions or needs you may have.

Other things to note
💎HOUSE RULES💎
We want to make sure your stay is as enjoyable as possible. Please keep the following house rules in mind:
✔ Quiet Hours: We kindly ask that you observe quiet hours from 10 p.m. to 7 a.m.

✔ Smoke-Free Environment "To preserve the air quality and historic integrity of our home, this is a 100% smoke-free property. This policy strictly includes cigarettes, vapes, and all THC products. Should smoking occur, a minimum $100 specialized restoration fee will be charged to cover the cost of professional ozone treatment and odor removal."

✔ Pet Policy "To maintain a pristine environment for all guests, unauthorized pets are strictly prohibited. A minimum $100 specialized cleaning fee will be applied to address any pet-related cleaning (including hair or sanitization). Additionally, guests are fully responsible for the cost of repairing or replacing any items damaged by an unauthorized pet."

✔ Detached Garage / ADU: Please note that the detached Additional Dwelling Unit (the garage apartment in the back) is currently occupied. To respect their privacy, we kindly ask that you do not access the back driveway, block their parking area, or attempt to enter their space. Thank you for your cooperation!

✔ Enjoy Your Stay "We are thrilled to host you. We simply ask that you treat our historic home with the same care and respect as your own. Our goal is for you to have a truly unforgettable experience—enjoy your time in Nashville!"

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sophia
Host User ID: 465971161
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/465971161
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello there! We are a husband and wife owned company. Me and my husband Hunter are originally from Salt Lake City, UT. We decided to drop everything we had to move to Nashville and pour our hearts into our business. With property management and house flipping experience under our belt we LOVE Co-hosting in Music City!
Born in the 90s
My work: Property manager
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
377 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting