URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1635810052122061639
Latitude: 36.14568
Longitude: -86.79401
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 5
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Music Row. Nashville's most legendary address — and your group's perfect home base. Five bedrooms and seven beds, a fully equipped kitchen, private rooftop with fire pit. Whether you're here for the live music, the food scene, or just quality time with your favorite people, The Grove gives you the space to do it your way. Broadway and the Ryman are right there when you're ready. This is what a group trip is supposed to feel like.

The space
Music Row. Nashville's most iconic address — and your best option for a trip to remember done right. 

The Grove is a modern, stylish retreat sitting right in the heart of where Nashville's greatest songs were written and its most legendary careers were launched. 

The black-brick exterior sets the tone before you even walk through the door. Inside, curated decor and contemporary finishes make it feel like someone actually thought about how this place should feel, not just how it should look. Because they did.

Floor plan

First floor:
Living room
Full kitchen
Half Bathroom

Second floor:
Washer / dryer
Bedroom 1: King bedroom
Bedroom 2: Bunk room — queen over queen, ensuite bath

Third floor
Bedroom 3: King bedroom with ensuite bath
Bedroom 4: King Bed with ensuite bathroom

Fourth Floor:
Bedroom 5 / Living Room Area: 2 twin-size top bunk beds (2 beds total)  and Full bathroom
Rooftop Access
Rooftop

Four bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, in-suite laundry, and a private rooftop with a fire pit table and outdoor dining — the kind of setup that makes a group trip feel less like a logistical puzzle and more like, well, a really good trip. The practical stuff is handled so you can focus on the part that actually matters.
And that rooftop? Morning coffee before the city wakes up, or a nightcap under the Nashville sky — either way, it has a way of becoming the highlight of the stay. 

You've been warned.

The neighborhood delivers. Vanderbilt University's stunning campus is just minutes away — beautiful architecture, tree-lined paths, and a great excuse for a morning walk before things get going. 

Downtown Nashville is close enough to be exciting, far enough that you'll actually sleep. Broadway's iconic honky-tonks are within easy reach — multi-level bars, live music from mid-afternoon, and BBQ that will genuinely ruin you for everywhere else. The Country Music Hall of Fame and the Ryman Auditorium are nearby for when the itinerary calls for something a little more iconic.

The Grove works for all of it. Milestone birthdays, long-overdue reunions, weekend getaways with your favorite people — rent individual suites or take over the whole property. Either way, you've got the space, the privacy, and the setup to do Nashville properly.

Good to know:

Pets welcome (up to 2) for a fee $150 per pet— just give us a heads up ahead of time. Penalties for not registering your pet with us.
Rooftop access requires stairs
No cable, but Roku + HDMI means the group can actually agree on something to watch
Paid Street parking out front

Guest access
Guests have private access to the entire home throughout their stay, giving your group plenty of space to relax, gather, and enjoy Nashville together.
Private Rooftop Balcony
Head to the top floor and enjoy your own private rooftop balcony, complete with a fire pit and grill. It’s the perfect spot to unwind after exploring Nashville, enjoy a meal together, or spend the evening relaxing with your group.
Full Kitchen
The home features a full kitchen with everything you need to prepare meals, snacks, or drinks during your stay perfect for groups who want the convenience of dining in.
Parking
A small complimentary parking lot is available for guests on a first-come, first-served basis. Spaces are limited and cannot be reserved or guaranteed.
Additional free street parking is available nearby on a first-come, first-served basis.
Your Private Space Includes:
• Entire home
• Private rooftop balcony
• Fire pit
• Grill
• Full kitchen
• Living and dining areas
• Bedrooms and bathrooms
• Complimentary parking options
Whether you're getting ready for a night out, cooking together, or winding down around the fire pit, the home is yours to enjoy throughout your Nashville stay.

Other things to note
Pet Policy
We’re happy to welcome your four-legged travel companion! Up to Three dogs are permitted with a $100 pet fee or a $500 unannounced pet/pets. Please let us know in advance if you’ll be bringing a dog so we can properly prepare for your stay.

At this time, cats are not permitted.

No Smoking or Vaping
The Grove  is 100% smoke- and vape-free property. Smoking and vaping are prohibited inside the House, and courtyard.
A $200 cleaning fee may be charged for violations of this policy.

Coming to Nashville with friends or family? We want you to have a great time! Small, respectful gatherings are welcome, and guests are encouraged to enjoy the fire pits, and BBQ grills. 

We simply ask that you:
Keep noise at a respectful level, especially after 
11 PM
Make sure the number of guests matches your reservation
Respect other guests and our neighbors
Avoid excessive noise, illegal activity, and unauthorized guests

Superhost Hospitality
Stay with confidence knowing you’re in experienced hands. Our team has welcomed hundreds of Nashville guests, and we pride ourselves on providing clean spaces, responsive communication, and an easy arrival experience. Our Airbnb recognition for a Great Check-In Experience reflects what we aim to deliver with every reservation: a smooth arrival, a comfortable stay, and a Nashville experience worth remembering.

Have questions before or during your stay? Send us a message anytime. We’re here to help make your Nashville trip a great one.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Notable Collection
Host User ID: 699711821
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699711821
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
2514 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting