URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1784946062148289696
Latitude: 36.12684
Longitude: -86.77723
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a cozy Nashville getaway in the walkable Melrose neighborhood, just a short drive from Downtown Nashville and Music City's top attractions.

This thoughtfully renovated 420 sq. ft. one-bedroom condo offers a comfortable setup for two guests, with a queen bedroom, full kitchen, in-unit washer/dryer, dedicated workspace, free WiFi, and seasonal community pool.

The space
Welcome to your cozy Nashville home base in Melrose.

This renovated 420 sq. ft. condo has been thoughtfully converted from a studio into a one-bedroom space, making it a great option for couples or solo travelers who want a convenient place to stay while exploring Nashville.

The bedroom features a comfortable queen bed and TV, while the living room includes a sofa bed and another TV. The compact kitchen is equipped for preparing meals at home, and the dining area provides a comfortable spot to enjoy breakfast, dinner, or a cup of coffee.

Need to get some work done? The home includes high-speed WiFi and a dedicated workspace.

During the warmer months, guests can also enjoy access to the community pool.

Sleeping Arrangements

Bedroom

Queen bed
TV
Fresh linens and bedding

Living Room

Sofa bed
TV

While the condo can accommodate up to 4 guests, the space is compact and is most comfortable for 2 guests.

Guest access
Guests have private access to the entire condo during their stay.

You'll also have access to the community pool during its seasonal operating period, generally around Memorial Day through September. Pool availability is subject to seasonal schedules and community rules.

Parking : Free onsite parking is available for one vehicle per unit.

Additional parking may be available on nearby streets, subject to local parking restrictions and availability.

Self check-in is provided through a secure keypad.

Other things to note
Please Read Before Booking
This is a compact 420 sq. ft. condo. While the home can accommodate up to 4 guests, it is most comfortable for 2 guests, especially for longer stays. The condo itself has been renovated and updated, but it is located within a retro apartment community, so guests may notice some signs of the building's age in the shared areas.

Seasonal Pool : The community pool is open seasonally, generally around Memorial Day through September. Pool availability is subject to the property's seasonal schedule and community rules.

Nearby Construction : Nashville continues to experience significant development and construction. There is currently construction activity near the community. While the loudest phases have been completed, occasional construction noise may still be heard.

For light sleepers, a sound machine is provided for added comfort.

Parking : One onsite parking space is available per unit. Additional parking may be available nearby, but availability is not guaranteed.

Stay Requirements
Check-in: 4:00 PM
Check-out: 11:00 AM
Weekend minimum stays may apply
Minimum stay requirements may vary during holidays, special events, and high-demand periods

Early check-in and late check-out are subject to availability and cannot be guaranteed. If you need guaranteed additional time, we recommend reserving the night before or after your stay.

Supplies : Towels, linens, basic toiletries, and starter supplies are provided for your stay. Guests staying for an extended period may need to purchase additional consumable items as needed.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Barclé Group
Host User ID: 387932846
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/387932846
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Properties managed by Barclé Group Vacation Rental Management!

Barclé Group Vacation Rental Management is a boutique vacation rental operator. We host a collection of elevated vacation rentals ranging from one bedroom condominiums to luxury properties throughout the United States.
My work: Barclé Group
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
1638 reviews
4.7 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting