URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1487068682910714057
Latitude: 36.1645
Longitude: -86.7785
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Printers Alley Lofts – Sleep With Us Properties. Upscale 773 sq. ft. Suite Loft in historic downtown Nashville, steps from Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and the Ryman. Features city views, kitchen, king bed, WiFi, and 24/7 support. Sleeps 2 included, up to 4 with air mattress ($25/night per extra). Concierge services available. Patio at entrance for all guests. ☆ A FEW EXTRAS: We also offer other Printers Alley Lofts for smaller or larger groups, or if you need more space.

The space
★ THE SUITE LOFT ★

Experience Stylish Urban Living in Printers Alley
Step into vibrant Nashville living at this spacious 773 sq. ft. 1BR/1BA Suite Loft, located in the historic Printers Alley district. Blending modern comfort with funky artistic touches, this loft was designed for travelers who want both style and convenience in the heart of Music City.

☆ Inside, you’ll find a plush king-size bed with luxe linens, a thoughtfully decorated living space filled with curated art and contemporary furnishings, and floor-to-ceiling windows framing dynamic downtown views. Whether you’re unwinding after a night on Broadway or starting your morning energized, the natural light and city backdrop make the space feel truly special.

☆ The fully equipped kitchen comes stocked with cookware, appliances, and dining essentials, giving you the option to enjoy a home-cooked meal or snacks before heading out to explore. For those who want fresh air, the shared outdoor patio offers the perfect spot to sip coffee in the morning or a glass of wine in the evening while soaking up Nashville’s buzz.

☆ Practical comforts are all covered: high-speed WiFi, smart TV, climate control, and in suite washer and dryer. Plus, our 24/7 guest support and concierge services ensure you’ll have everything you need for a seamless stay—whether that’s booking dinner reservations, arranging transportation, or offering insider tips on the best local spots.

☆ Perfect for couples on a romantic getaway, business travelers seeking a central location, or small groups wanting to experience Nashville’s nightlife, the Suite Loft puts you just steps away from Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, Ryman Auditorium, and countless bars, restaurants, and live music venues.

★ A FEW EXTRAS TO KEEP IN MIND!  We offer 10 unique lofts at Printers Alley Lofts, all listed on Airbnb. If your preferred dates are unavailable or you’re traveling with a larger group, you can book multiple lofts either within the building or next door in our adjoining Printers Alley Lofts building to accommodate everyone.  
☆ 1 Bedrooms (max 4 guests): Flat Loft, Suite Loft, Studio Loft (sleep sofa in living area) 
☆ 2 Bedrooms (max 6 guests | Deluxe PH up to 8 guests): City Loft Penthouse, Penthouse, Deluxe Penthouse 
☆ 4 Bedrooms (max 12 guests): Grand Loft, Urban Loft, Printers Alley Penthouse 
☆ 5 Bedrooms (max 12 guests): Gallery Loft (back living area sectional sofa includes two twin mattresses) 

★ Printers Alley Lofts – FAQ

Q: CAN WE CHECK IN EARLY OR CHECK OUT LATE?
A: When possible, yes. Because we receive many last-minute bookings, we can only confirm availability the night before your arrival or departure.

Q: CAN YOU STORE OUR LUGGAGE IF EARLY CHECK-IN ISN’T AVAILABLE?
A: Yes. We’re happy to store your luggage when early check-in or late checkout isn’t possible. Availability will be confirmed the evening before.

Q: IT’S A 1 BEDROOM LOFT—HOW CAN IT SLEEP 4 PEOPLE?
A: Our rates are based on double occupancy—two guests per bedroom. This one-bedroom loft includes a base rate for up to 2 guests. We can accommodate up to 4 guests total (two additional guests) for $25 per extra guest, per night, plus taxes. For groups over 2, we provide one queen air mattress with bedding and linens up to a maximum of 4 guests.

Q: IS PARKING INCLUDED?
A: Parking is not included, but several secure garages are within walking distance (average $45/24 hrs). Our property manager can point out nearby options at check-in.

Q: DO YOU OFFER ADDITIONAL LOFTS?
A: Yes! We have multiple lofts in the building and next door, ranging from 1–5 bedrooms. Perfect for groups needing more space. Printers Alley Lofts includes 10 lofts housed in two adjoining buildings on Printers Alley—8 are located in one building, and 2 are in the adjoining building right next door.

Q: HOW DO I CHECK IN?
A: Check-in instructions will be sent prior to arrival. Our property manager will greet you and assist with any questions.

Q: IN ADDITION TO THE NIGHTLY RENTAL, WHAT OTHER FEES ARE CHARGED BY PRINTERS ALLEY LOFTS?
A: In addition to the nightly rate, there is a one-time departure cleaning fee, as well as required state and local taxes. Current tax charges are:
Tax – 0.5% Davidson County Local Options Sales Tax Surcharge
Tax – 7% Davidson County Sales Tax
Tax – 9.25% Tennessee State Sales Tax
Tax – $2.50 per night Tennessee Occupancy Tax
We do not add resort fees or hidden charges—only the above apply.

Q: IS THERE A DAMAGE DEPOSIT. 
A: Yes, we place a $500 pre-authorization hold on your card before arrival. It works just like a hotel—nothing is charged unless there’s damage, and if all is well, the hold is released shortly after checkout.

Q: ARE YOU AFFILIATED WITH MARKETING CHANNEL FEES?
A: No. If your inquiry came through a marketing channel, their service fees are strictly between you and them. We are not affiliated with their charges.

Q: DO YOU HAVE A GYM ON SITE?
A: We do not have a gym. However, several gyms in downtown Nashville offer day passes for out-of-town guests. QNTM Fit Life offers 1–2 day passes and weekly options, and Anytime Fitness allows drop-in visits. Printers Alley Lofts is not affiliated with these gyms.

Q: DO YOU HAVE A POOL OR GRILL?
A: Printers Alley Lofts does not offer a pool. Some lofts do feature a grill and/or private outdoor space:
Gallery Loft – private patio
Grand Loft – private balcony
Printers Alley Penthouse – large terrace with seating and grill
In addition, there is a common area patio with tables and chairs available for all guests of Printers Alley Lofts, located at the entrance of our main Printers Alley Lofts building.

Q: WILL IT BE NOISY SINCE THE LOFTS ARE DOWNTOWN?
A: Our building is located in the heart of Downtown Nashville. While our windows are STC-rated and block most noise, some city sounds may still be heard. We seldom receive complaints, but want guests to be aware of our central location. We cannot assume responsibility for external factors such as nearby events, construction, or nightlife.

Q: ARE PETS ALLOWED?
A: Dogs only are permitted, with a non-refundable pet fee of $75 per dog plus taxes (maximum of 2 dogs). No other animals are allowed.

Q: WHO HANDLES MAINTENANCE?
A: Printers Alley Lofts is a multi-residential complex where building management oversees amenities, shared spaces, and exterior maintenance. This includes plumbing, electrical, and HVAC. Please note that these items follow building protocols and timelines for resolution.

Q: ARE THERE GROCERY STORES AND LIQUOR STORES NEARBY PRINTERS ALLEY?
A: Yes! Here are the closest options within walking distance or a quick drive from the lofts:
GROCERY STORES
Savi Provisions – 0.2 miles (4-min walk)
Whole Foods – 0.7 miles (15-min walk / 5-min drive)
Publix – 1.0 mile (20-min walk / 6-min drive)
Corner Market (mini-mart) – 0.2 miles (4-min walk)
LIQUOR STORES
Music City Wine & Spirits – 0.2 miles (4-min walk)
Metropolitan Wines – 0.3 miles (5-min walk)
SoBro Wine & Spirits – 0.5 miles (10-min walk / 3-min drive)
The Library Fine Wine & Spirits – 0.4 miles (8-min walk)
Frugal MacDoogal Warehouse – 1.0 mile (20-min walk / 5-min drive)

Q: IS THERE ICE IN THE REFRIGERATOR?
A: For sanitary reasons, the ice makers in the fridges are turned off, as we dump the bins after each checkout to ensure cleanliness. Since the ice makers can’t replenish quickly enough for our back-to-back bookings, we keep them off. No worries—you can grab a bag of ice just half a block away at the nearby mini mart.

Q. WHAT TYPE OF COFFEE MAKER IS THERE?
A. We have a traditional drip coffee maker in each loft with a reusable mesh filter (not a Keurig).

Guest access
★ Our property manager will personally greet you at check-in and share tips about the loft and Nashville.

★ You’ll set your own private access code—secure, keyless entry with no keys to worry about.

★ Guests enjoy the entire loft privately, while the lobby is shared.

Other things to note
★ FEATURES & AMENITIES

☆ 1 Private Bedroom – Rest easy in a plush king-size bed with soft linens and cozy touches that make winding down a pleasure.
☆ 1 Full Bathroom – Modern and well-appointed with fresh towels, quality fixtures, and everything you need to refresh after a day in the city.
☆ Spacious 773 sq. ft. Loft – Larger than our studio option, this loft features an open layout with funky art, chic décor, and stylish furnishings, giving you room to relax and unwind.
☆ Fully Equipped Kitchen – Enjoy the convenience of full-size appliances, cookware, dishes, and utensils — perfect for cooking meals or enjoying late-night bites.
☆ Floor-to-Ceiling Windows – Flood the space with natural light and take in beautiful city views of downtown Nashville.
☆ Two Smart TVs – Stream your favorite shows, movies, or music for a relaxing night in.
☆ High-Speed WiFi – Stay connected with fast, reliable internet — ideal for work or play.
☆ Climate Control – Central air conditioning and heating keeps the loft comfortable in every season.
☆ Washer & Dryer – Convenient in-unit laundry facilities for extended stays.
☆ Shared Outdoor Patio – A welcoming common space with seating, perfect for enjoying your morning coffee or evening drink.
☆ 24/7 Guest Support – Our dedicated team is always available to assist during your stay.
☆ Concierge Services – From restaurant recommendations to nightlife tips, we’re here to enhance your Nashville experience.
☆ Unbeatable Location – Situated in historic Printers Alley, you’ll be just steps away from world-class dining, nightlife, and live music hotspots.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sleep With Us Properties LLC
Host User ID: 713317515
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/713317515
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 95%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
66 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting