URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1679330507557258062
Latitude: 36.1542
Longitude: -86.7757
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 3
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
5 mins to Broadway! Few blocks away from Downtown Nashville with 100+ restaurants, bars, & attractions. Quick access to Bridgestone Arena, Ryman Auditorium, Nissan Stadium, Music Row, Ascend Amphitheater, Music City Center, and great meals with live music waiting for you!

New building with top notch amenities. Enjoy a private balcony, resort‑style pool, fast WiFi, in‑unit laundry, with a fully equipped kitchen, gym & of course, your own karaoke machine to be the star of your own Nashville show!

The space
Modern Nashville vibe with plenty of space to relax, sing, & dance. Fully equipped kitchen stocked with complimentary snacks for our guests. Cozy and comfortable bedroom for a great night’s sleep, plus a sleep sofa that can sleep 1 adult or 2 children. Also a nice spacious bathroom and large closet for added convenience.

Guest access
Full access

Other things to note
📍 Prime Location

One of the best parts of this location is its convenience. You’ll be within walking distance of Broadway, Nashville’s world-famous entertainment district, as well as countless restaurants, bars, coffee shops, and attractions. The Music City Center Convention Center, Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium is also just a few blocks away, making this an excellent choice for vacationers, business travelers, concert, or sporting event or just a stop in the road.

🌟 Parking & Arrival Info
There is free street parking available directly in front of the building and throughout the surrounding area if you can find an open spot, though availability can be limited at times.

If you prefer covered garage parking, please let me know and I’ll be happy to provide additional details. (If you enter through the garage, please read the sign posted near the building entrance door. It contains instructions on how to properly access the apartment complex entrance.)

🔐 Key Return Instructions
When returning the key, please scan the fob on the right side of the Dropbox. Hold it there until you hear a beep and the door unlocks. Once it opens, place the key inside and gently close the door behind you.
Please Note: Lost keys or fobs will result in a $200 replacement fee.

🏢 Building Access & Amenities
You have full access to all building amenities, including:

• Resort-style pool (open until 8:00 PM)
• Fully equipped 24/7 fitness center featuring free weights, treadmills, cardio equipment, and strength-training machines
• Spacious conference room and business workspace perfect for remote work, meetings, or catching up on emails
• Resident lounges and common areas

The front desk team is fantastic and always happy to assist. You’ll also be provided with the necessary access codes for the building, elevators, and amenities.

🌇 Balcony & Common Area Views
Step out onto the private balcony and enjoy a peaceful moment with fresh air and a relaxing atmosphere—perfect for morning coffee or winding down in the evening. In addition, the building’s common areas offer beautiful views of the city, creating a calm and enjoyable space to relax or work outside your unit.

📺 Smart TV & Entertainment
Relax and unwind with the Smart TV in the living room. Log into your favorite streaming services and enjoy movies, shows, sports, and more during your stay.

🍽️ Fully Equipped Kitchen
The kitchen is stocked with everything you need to prepare meals during your stay, including cookware, dishes, utensils, glasses, and essential kitchen items.

☕ Coffee & Complimentary Snacks
Start your morning with our premium coffee machine. Complimentary K-Cups are provided for your convenience. There’s also a coffee machine located downstairs in the building’s common area that guests are welcome to enjoy throughout their stay with a small snack store. 

💧 You’ll also find complimentary snacks with 2 water bottles waiting for you upon arrival. Guests also have access to complimentary water located in the building lobby/common area.

🚿 Bathroom Essentials
For each stay, you’ll find:

• 1 toilet paper roll on the holder
• 2 additional rolls under the sink
• 6 bath towels
• 6 pool towels
Everything is freshly cleaned and stocked before your arrival.

🛌 Enjoy a comfortable bed designed to help you relax and get a great night’s sleep after a day exploring Nashville.

🧺 Washer & Dryer
Large washer and dryer unit are conveniently located inside the unit.

• Laundry detergent is provided
• Feel free to wash towels or personal items as needed during your stay

📞 Support Anytime
I’m always available if you need anything. Whatever feels urgent to you is important to me, so please don’t hesitate to reach out.
The front desk team is also available to assist with building-related questions.

🍽️ Food & Local Recommendations
Looking for great restaurants, nightlife, or local attractions? I’d be happy to share some of my favorite Nashville recommendations.

🛋️ Sofa Bed Instructions

To Convert for Sitting:
• Lift the handles in front of the couch up and inward toward the sofa.
• The back will fold into a comfortable seating position.

To Convert to a Bed:
• Lift up while pulling toward you, then lower it down flat.

Alternate Backrest Adjustment:
• Push the backrest completely forward until you hear a click.
• Once it clicks, it can be laid flat.

💡 I also have a video demonstration available upon request.

🚭 House Rules
Please do not smoke inside the unit or on the balcony.

A $500 smoking fee will be charged for any smoking violations.

🐶 Pet Policy
Pets are welcome! We kindly ask that pets remain off the beds and sofas to help keep the furniture clean and comfortable for all guests. Stains or damaged/ruined furniture may result in fees, which will be handled through Airbnb’s Resolution Center.. 

🛠️ Damage Policy
Any damage to the unit will be handled through Airbnb’s Resolution Center following Airbnb’s official procedures. This ensures everything remains fair, documented, and protected for both guests and hosts.

🌟 Welcome & Enjoy Your Stay!
Thank you again for choosing my place. I hope you have an amazing stay in Nashville. If there’s anything I can do to make your experience even better, please don’t hesitate to reach out.

Registration Details
T2022056519

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Josh
Host User ID: 347042813
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/347042813
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
My work: Software engineer
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 months hosting
31 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
4 months of hosting