URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/627651846440444272
Latitude: 36.14581
Longitude: -86.59441
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
An elysian destination, Zen Estate Nashville is surrounded by pure nature, a bed of inspiration, an escape for the soul. The environment is welcoming to support spiritual work, a deep dive,  a technological vacation… all while indulging in a luxurious, soothing and freeing surrounding.  Secluded and extremely private yet close to a plethora of things to do and adventures to devour.  
Zen Estate Nashville provides the best of all worlds offering choice to support all you want and need it to be.

The space
Welcome to this ZEN retreat, only minutes to downtown Nashville and BNA airport. The apartment is on the lower level of our single family home that offers a private entrance, patio, and plenty of parking. The living room offers a queen sized pull out sofa and a 32” TV, fast WiFi, board games and many other amenities.  There is a dining table for 4, also suitable as a work area.  The living room is open to the fully equipped modern kitchen. Marble countertops and ample appliances & utensils support culinary efficiency, workability and cleanliness. The bedroom features and adjustable queen sized bed, with a Tuft and Needle mattress, a 32” Smart TV and a comfortable reading chair with a curated library. The spa bathroom has ample room, plush cotton robes and custom waterfall shower offering Aveda haircare products and a washer/dryer.  Enjoy peace and relaxation in this sanctuarious getaway!

Guest access
This is an independent apartment on the ground floor of our home. We live on the upstairs level, but the apartment is it’s own entity- not at all a shared space. 
You have your own entrance, there is a bedroom, bathroom/spa, kitchen and living area. It is all totally private.  The outdoor property is vast and you are welcome to enjoy all of it.

Other things to note
Features of Zen Estate Nashville include:
- Fabulous  queen sized Tuft and Needle mattress with luxurious high thread count linen bedding and comfy pillows
- Adjustable bed base offers rising head, rising feet, under-bed lighting, massage functions and USB ports right at your side 
- Convenient sofa sleeper for two additional guests
- Full bathroom with custom waterfall shower, fluffy towels and Aveda luxury bath products
- Ample appliances in a modern kitchen, electric range and oven with kitchen essentials
- Keurig coffee bar with choice of coffee, creamer and sweetener; Hot tea kettle with choice of Yogi teas
- 2 Smart HDTV with all the apps for personal sign-in
- WiFi connected to high speed Internet
- Large outdoor property with “zen” garden and fire pit, and serene wooded path leading to J. Percy Priest Lake

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Karen
Host User ID: 209108085
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/209108085
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a lover of life, a wife, a mom (of 2 fabulous grown boys) and have had a life-long career in the entertainment industry - touring with broadway shows and managing live events.
My husband, Ed and I have been adventurously married for 28 years.  We love Nashville, and our little slice of zen on J. Percy Priest lake.  We live a vegan lifestyle, and consider ourselves foodies - who love to cook.  We are big fans of good wine ~ and all fine adult beverages.  
We love to travel.  
We live for experiences- participating or providing.   
We work hard, and play harder.  
But, most of all, we love meeting amazing people all over the world.  
We believe that life is about connection: to nature, to animals, to each other and to self.  We’re inspired by breathtaking scenic views, being on the water, walks in the woods, good books, live entertainment, puppy cuddles,  and dinner parties: face to face interaction - actively being present and communing.  
I sincerely hope we get to meet.
Namaste!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
140 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting