URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/984001814800223445
Latitude: 36.195
Longitude: -86.773
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Introducing a dreamy Nashville escape - a 4-bedroom, 3-bathroom oasis nestled in the heart of Music City, just 3 miles from the lively Broadway entertainment district. This home is the perfect fusion of comfort, convenience, and style - setting you up for an amazing stay in Nashville. The rooftop can't be missed - large patio with al fresco dining, a lounge area, and beautiful views of that Music City skyline!

The space
⭐Highlights:
- Rooftop with Nashville skyline! Dining table for 6 for al fresco skyline dinner + a lounge area to relax.
- Open concept - living / dining area
- Fully equipped kitchen with Complimentary coffee from Nashville favorite, The Well.
- Dining seating for 6
- Prime location in East Nashville: Pop on over to Retrograde coffee or check out some of our faves: Top Golf, Dive Motel, and Pharmacy Burger. Some of East Nashville's trendiest restaurants, cafes, and shops are nearby, with both Fatherland District and 5 Points a stroll away. Sports and music fans will appreciate the proximity to Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, the Ryman, Ascend Amphitheatre, and Gaylord Opryland.
- Broadway proximity: 10 min Uber, 3 miles from the center of Nashville’s Broadway strip.
- Starter kit for everything you'll need: paper towels, toilet paper, linens, towels, dish soap, laundry pods, etc.
- All bathrooms come fully equipped with premium full-sized body wash, shampoo, and conditioner 
- Washer and Dryer
- On site parking

🛏️Where you’ll sleep: Sleeps 10!
Primary bedroom: King bed
Guest bedroom: Queen bed
Guest bedroom: Queen bed
Bunk room: Double over Double bunk bed
*We can provide a pack n play or air mattress upon request as well!

We're so happy you found us and would love to host you. Come join us in Music City!

Guest access
It's all yours! You'll have access to the entire home during your stay.

Nice to meet y'all! We're Kalos Dwellings - we're two husband and wife duos, but best friends above all. We're Nashville locals and here to serve. We're happy to host you and invite you into our little corner of Nashville.

Other things to note
- Parking: There is a carport that holds 1-2 standard sized vehicles. 
- Minimum age to rent the home is 21.
- We love our furry friends, and they need a vacation too! We allow dogs that is under 30 lbs and non- shedding (up to 2 dogs). If your pup fits that criteria, we’d love for you to bring them along. A one-time, non-refundable pet fee of $150 will be added to your reservation. Thank you for understanding!
- Vacation disruptions can be a bummer. While it doesn’t happen often, you may experience issues with Wi-Fi. We are not responsible for any disruptions to the Wi-Fi service or any construction that may affect your experience. Please note that such occurrences are beyond our control, and we appreciate your understanding and patience in these matters.

This home is proudly managed by Kalos Dwellings, we're excited to welcome you into our lil slice of Nashville. Please don't hesitate to reach our if you have any questions at all.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kalos Dwellings
Host User ID: 351901804
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/351901804
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Sarah and I am one of the co-founders of Kalos Dwellings along with my husband, Dustin, and our best friends, Aaron and Tara.  
Our entire team of hosts are here for anything you need during your stay!
Born in the 80s
My work: Kalos Dwellings
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
4955 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting