URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1739250377339397608
Latitude: 36.16225
Longitude: -86.77486
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Headliner, a 2-bedroom downtown Nashville stay for small groups who want Broadway close and an easy place to regroup. Set in The Saddlery, this walkable condo pairs a full kitchen, open living area, sleeper sofa, and quick access to Bridgestone Arena, rooftop bars, museums, and late-night bites.

🎸 2 min to Broadway + 6 min to Printer’s Alley
🛏️ King bedroom, full bedroom + sleeper sofa
🍳 Full kitchen + open living area

The space
Nashville doesn’t save the spotlight for later, and neither does Headliner. Two minutes from Broadway and six from Printer’s Alley, this two-bedroom downtown stay puts your group right where the night starts, with an easy place to regroup between honky-tonks, late-night food runs, and whatever story gets retold at breakfast.

Inside, the open-concept living area works like the crew’s headquarters, with high ceilings, cozy furnishings, a smart TV, and a sleeper sofa for the friend who “just crashes.” The kitchen keeps the trip moving right beside it, with stainless steel appliances, a four-burner stove, microwave, toaster, fridge, dishwasher, single oven, drip coffee setup, and enough counter space for snacks, bagels, or pre-Broadway drinks. The island seats four for casual meals and barstool confessions, while a small dining table for two gives you another spot for coffee, cards, or a quieter bite before heading back out.

Sleeping arrangements are simple and practical for a small group. The primary bedroom has a king bed, closet, and dresser, while the second bedroom has a full bed and closet. A sleeper sofa in the living area gives the group one more place to land when the night runs later than planned.

When the night calls for a concert, a Predators game, a museum stop, or one more round before heading back, Headliner keeps the plan easy. Bridgestone Arena, the Johnny Cash Museum, rooftop bars, live music, and late-night bites are all close enough to let the night unfold without overthinking the logistics.

In the heart of downtown Nashville, The Saddlery puts you within a few blocks of both Broadway and Printer's Alley — one of the most walkable, most coveted addresses in the city. This is downtown the way you'd actually want to do it: live music and honky-tonks one direction, tucked-away bars and late-night eateries the other, rooftop views and local favorites filling in everywhere between. Inside, thoughtfully designed units give you somewhere just as good to come back to — a place to slow down and regroup between the nights out. And when the whole crew's in town, units can be booked together, so larger groups can spread out while staying right next door to one another.

AvantStay provides an upscale experience with services that elevate your stay and save time so you can enjoy every moment. Guests have access to a 24/7 support team and a tech-enabled concierge to book services, such as fridge stocking, mid-stay cleanings, and private chefs. For anything you need (or never knew you needed), we're at your service!

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, ""Nashvegas"" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Please note this unit is located on the 2nd floor of the building; however, an elevator is available onsite.
- This is downtown Nashville, so guests should expect noise from nearby restaurants, bars, sirens, and occasional construction. Worth setting expectations upfront rather than letting it be a surprise review.
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- The building offers both stair and elevator access to all Saddlery units.
- Please note that individual units may vary slightly in design, location, and views. Photos are representative and may not reflect the exact unit booked.
- There's no washer or dryer in the unit, but a laundromat is located nearby for anyone who needs to freshen up a few things during a longer stay.

Parking Details:
- No dedicated on-site parking — guests rely on paid nearby lots or paid street parking.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2020053956

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting