URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1567012915414470330
Latitude: 36.19789
Longitude: -86.83098
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 15
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Rooftop hot tub. Skyline views. 15 beds. Game room. Luxe 4-story townhouse. Quick Uber to Broadway. Name a better place...

Welcome to The Mercer by Elevay & Co. —this home was designed with care & intention,  because we know you are not just booking a place to sleep. You are booking the backdrop to birthdays, bachelor trips, and late nights that turn into your group’s favorite memories. The Mercer is where memories will be made and your large groups will thank you because of how spacious it is.

The space
Start your mornings at the fully stocked coffee bar, soak in the rooftop hot tub under the stars with amazing city views, or challenge your crew to a game of pool in the garage game room. With 15 comfy beds across four stylish stories, multiple living areas, and skyline views from the rooftop lounge, The Mercer blends comfort, style, and convenience — just a quick ride from the heart of downtown.

What You’ll Love at The Mercer:
-Rooftop w/ hot tub that has east facing views & golden hour sunrises 
-The home accommodates large groups, we have 12 beds spread across 4 rooms!
-Coffee bar setup with options for both drip & keurig so you can make coffee your way.
-Quick uber to Broadway & all downtown attractions (about 12 minutes).
-Free Parking available - home has room for two cars on the parking pad.
-Early check-in & late check-out when available

Welcome to four levels of comfort, fun, and proximity to downtown. Natural light pours into every room by day and every window has curtains to keep it out at night. Whether you’re dancing downtown or staying in for rooftop cocktails, The Maddox is your perfect escape in Music City.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (15 beds total) 
Bedroom 1 (2nd Floor - Kitchen & Living Room): 2 Full Beds with 2 Twins over
Bedroom 2 (3rd Floor): 1 King 
Bedroom 3 (3rd Floor): 6 twins (2 sets of 3x bunks)
Bedroom 4 (4th floor w/ rooftop): 2 Full Beds with 2 Twins over
4 bathrooms total, with a half bath off the kitchen.

☕ Eat, Sip & Unwind
Mornings at The Mercer start at the coffee bar of your dreams. Whether you're an early riser or recovering from a night on Broadway, you’ll find everything you need to fuel your day. Offering both options for either Drip or Keurig brewers, with creamers, sugar, and all the fixings. It's your own personal cafe!

Enjoy meals at the bistro tables or take it to the rooftop, where you can eat with skyline views and watch the sunrise. After dinner? Enjoy our private hot tub while star gazing and observing the entire Nashville Skyline, challenge the crew to a game of Billiards in the garage, or unwind with a movie in the living room. This home has something for everyone.

🏙️ Location Highlights:
🛻 12 min to Broadway’s honky-tonks & nightlife
🍴 12 min to Germantown’s restaurants & shops
🏈 13 min to Titans Stadium & TopGolf
🛍️  15 min to 12 South
✈️  20 min to BNA Airport
🎶  22 min to Grand Ole Opry
You’ll be in the perfect spot to explore — without the chaos of being in the middle of it all.

🚗 Parking
2 private spots on the parking pad in front of the house & additional open parking spots.
Well-lit & easy access — no parallel parking nightmares.

NO LOCALS ARE ALLOWED TO BOOK!

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge kitchen, living areas, bedrooms, and bathrooms.

Don't forget that your host, Kirklyn + the Elevay Team, is also a local who's eager to help you find your next favorite restaurant in Nashville.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

Hot Tub: Use of the hot tub is at your own risk. Please shower before use, do not use glass in or around the hot tub, and do not add soaps, oils, bubble bath, bath bombs, or any other substances to the water. Keep the cover closed when not in use. Guests may be charged for additional cleaning, water replacement, or repairs resulting from misuse or failure to follow these rules. Please do not hang any towels on the balcony.

STRP#2023012408

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting