URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1526420381297162806
Latitude: 36.14687
Longitude: -86.79531
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 5
beds: 9
occupancy: 14
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This stunning modern townhouse blends urban sophistication with warm, earthy design. Featuring a sleek kitchen with stainless steel appliances, moody tones, and open shelving, it flows into a cozy living space accented by wood textures and elegant lighting. Each bedroom offers unique character—olive green tranquility, terracotta warmth, or loft-style creativity. The rooftop patio with firepit and skyline views is the perfect retreat for evening relaxation or entertaining.

The space
★ Premier Luxury on Music Row
★ Private Rooftop w/ Stunning Nash Skyline Views
★ 9 Beds — Perfect for Large Groups
★ Professionally Designed & Stylishly Furnished
★ Free Parking
★ Safe, Walkable Location
★ Only Minutes to Broadway & Downtown Nashville

Welcome to your stylish Nashville escape! This spacious home features high-end designer finishes throughout — from hardwood floors and granite countertops to stainless steel appliances and custom lighting.

🏡 Property Layout

Main / Entry Level:
Fully equipped kitchen
Living room
Dining area
Half bathroom

Second Floor:
Bedroom 1: King bed with private ensuite bathroom
Bedroom 2: Queen bed with private ensuite bathroom
Laundry area

Third Floor:
Bedroom 3: King bed with private ensuite bathroom
Bedroom 4: Queen-over-queen bunk beds with private ensuite bathroom

Fourth Floor:
Bonus Room / 5th Bedroom
Two twin beds
Two couches with pull-out beds
Full bathroom
Private balcony

✔️ Fully stocked modern kitchen – stovetop, stainless steel appliances, and everything you need to cook and entertain
✔️ Lounge room for kids to play or to watch the big game
✔️ Rooftop terrace – perfect for sunset views and gathering
✔️ Multiple Smart TVs – stream your favorite shows in any room
✔️ Free Parking - first come, first served 

All of this makes for a perfect home base for families, groups, or corporate stays.

★ Prime Location ★ Easy Access to Music City Hotspots

You’re just minutes from Nashville’s best attractions, restaurants, and nightlife. Uber or Lyft puts everything within easy reach:

2–4 Minutes:
• Vanderbilt University
• Music Row
• The Gulch
• 12 South
• Dozens of great restaurants, bars & breweries

5–7 Minutes:
• Broadway & Honky Tonk Central
• Nissan Stadium (Titans games – join our tailgate!)
• Bridgestone Arena (Predators hockey, concerts)
• Top Golf
• First Tennessee Park (Nashville Sounds)
• Ascend Amphitheater
• Ryman Auditorium

10–15 Minutes:
• Nashville International Airport (BNA)
• Gaylord Opryland Resort & The Grand Ole Opry

Walkable Location: You can even walk to Starbucks, The Well Coffeehouse, Cava, Chipotle, Panera Bread, Torchy's Tacos, The Stillery, Velvet Taco, Chuy's and MORE – all under 10 minutes on foot!

Come enjoy the perfect mix of location, comfort, and fun — your unforgettable Nashville stay starts here!

Guest access
You'll receive a personalized access code before check-in for smooth, keyless entry. During your stay, you’ll have full access to the entire home — all living spaces, bedrooms, and the rooftop terrace are yours to enjoy. Access will start at 4pm day of check-in and expire at 10am day of check-out. Early check-ins and late check-outs may be available for an additional fee - ask us in advance!

Other things to note
LARGE HOME/9 TOTAL BEDS:
Please confirm total number of guests with us up front. All guests and visitors must be pre-approved in advance. 

CHECK-IN: 4PM & CHECK-OUT 10AM:
We may be able to provide an early check-in or a late check-out for an additional fee only if our schedule allows and hosts pre-approve in advance. The early check-in or late check-out additional accommodations start at $350. Please ask and pre-arrange in advance. 

NO LOCALS:
We do not rent to locals who live Nashville or who live within 60 miles. Please do not book our home if you are local or plan to have locals visiting. We reserve the right to cancel any reservation without refund of any local who books our home. In limited circumstances, exceptions may be considered. If you believe your situation qualifies, please send us an inquiry with details prior to booking.

GUESTS WILL NEED TO USE STAIRS:
This 4-story home has many stairs. Guests will need to use stairs during their stay. We are happy to host children, but it's important to note that our home is not childproofed and has many stairs. Please supervise children at all times.

A lot of time, care, and money has been put into this home that we LOVE. We only want to have the best guests who will respect our property and neighbors. If you've made it this far on the listing and have questions, please send us an inquiry! -Calvin, Dylan, and Allie w/ Stay Nashville, LLC

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dylan
Host User ID: 667320951
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/667320951
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lead Property Manager for Stay Nashville, LLC. 

A bit about me, I’m married to my beautiful wife Rylee and we have a daughter named Mabel. I’m passionate about my church, Holy Saints, CrossFit, and enjoying life to the fullest. I love to read, explore new ideas, and explore new places, especially when it means being outdoors. My faith is my foundation, and I strive to live for the Lord daily. Life’s a thrilling ride, and I’m here to embrace it all with gratitude!.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Lipscomb University
2 years hosting