URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1229300368990318069
Latitude: 36.33881
Longitude: -87.00085
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Ashland City, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
We’ve added a Hot Tub! Your serene, private escape at the Forest Inn, just 25 mins from Nashville. Nestled on 5 wooded acres where wildlife can be spotted. The newly remodeled chic retreat features a BRAND NEW luxury 7-seat therapy hot tub embedded in a spacious deck! Soak under the stars, gather around the fire pit, or relax inside with our eclectic designer interior, fully equipped kitchen, dedicated workspace, and 72” Smart TV. Perfect for groups families or couples going a romantic getaway !

The space
Welcome to your Private Wooded Retreat
Escape to a chic country house perfectly secluded on five beautiful, wooded acres. Whether you are looking for a peaceful getaway or a place to gather, this inviting home offers a serene private setting with an expansive lawn, a massive multi-level deck, a scenic porch, a crackling fire pit, and a brand-new luxury hot tub spa.

Living & Entertaining
The eclectic, high-end design of the living space immediately makes you feel at home. Two large windows flood the room with natural light and frame scenic views of the surrounding woods, while French doors open directly onto the porch. Sink into the comfortable, inviting couches to enjoy movies and games on the 72-inch Smart TV, or put on your favorite playlist through the Bluetooth speaker system.

The home features a fully equipped kitchen and dining room with a breakfast bar, plus a designer beverage cabinet perfect for your mixology and entertaining needs. Start your mornings at the coffee station, complete with a Keurig, an electric kettle, and a variety of flavored pods. Premium appliances—including a large bottom-freezer fridge, dishwasher, electric burner, and built-in cabinet oven—make preparing meals a breeze.

Sleeping Arrangements & Workspace
Rest easy in thoughtfully designed bedrooms, each furnished with custom pieces and extra linens for your comfort:
• The Blue Room (Primary): Elegantly designed with a King-size bed, an en-suite full bathroom, a large closet, and private, direct entry to the deck.
• The Lavender Room: A whimsically designed space featuring a comfortable Queen-size bed and ample closet space.
• The Orange Room: Perfect for remote work or extra guests, featuring a dedicated workspace and a bunk bed with two twin mattresses.
(Note: The large couch in the living room also features a Queen-size pull-out mattress, and the home includes a convenient in-unit washer and dryer.)

The Outdoor Oasis & Hot Tub
Step outside to discover multiple spaces designed for relaxation. Enjoy your morning coffee on the west-facing porch, or gather on the spacious east-facing deck under the patio umbrella.

Seamlessly embedded into the multi-level deck overlooking the sprawling lawn and surrounding forest, our premium Aspen by American Select hot tub offers the ultimate relaxation experience. This spacious spa comfortably seats up to seven guests and features 65 stainless steel therapy jets powered by dual high-performance pumps. You can fully adjust the jet strength for a customized full-body hydrotherapy massage, complete with ambient LED lighting and a soothing waterfall to enjoy under the stars. (To ensure a pristine and safe experience, please review the Hot Tub Rules in our guidebook. We kindly request guests shower before entering, keep glass away from the spa area, and securely fasten the cover latches when finished.)

Just steps away, a dedicated fire pit area looks out over the lawn and woods. We provide ample seating, complimentary seasoned firewood, a lighter, poker, and bellows for the perfect evening making s'mores.

The Grounds & Wildlife
The Forest Inn is situated on 5 stunning acres featuring inviting landscaping and a maturing orchard with apple and peach trees. In the evenings, landscape lighting illuminates the surrounding trees, creating a magical nighttime vibe. Keep an eye out for our frequent wildlife visitors—you might spot deer, rabbits, wild turkeys, pileated woodpeckers, owls, eastern bluebirds, hummingbirds, and cardinals enjoying the property right alongside you

Guest access
Feel free to roam anywhere on the spacious outdoor area and lawn surrounding the home. Please avoid going into the forest or behind the blue shed.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Megan
Host User ID: 61419178
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/61419178
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
My work: Music, Finance
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
60 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting