URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1491449374363943370
Latitude: 36.1546
Longitude: -86.8203
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom Nashville house with a rooftop made for gathering and a full entertainment level below.

• Private rooftop bar, dance floor, fire table, and skyline views
• Custom movie theater plus karaoke lounge for all-night fun
• Formal dining area, coffee bar, and dedicated workspace
• Broadway and Midtown are about 5 minutes away by car

Stay for the rooftop, settle in with your group, and make it yours.

The space
☆☆ HIGHLIGHTS ☆☆
✔ Five-story Nashville home designed for entertaining and group stays
✔ Private rooftop terrace with skyline views, a built-in dance floor, rooftop bar, fire table, outdoor dining, and lounge seating
✔ Custom movie theater and karaoke lounge on the entertainment level
✔ Formal dining area and coffee bar for easy group meals and morning coffee
✔ Four bedrooms and four bathrooms, including a queen bunk room, king suite, and a room with two queen beds
✔ Dedicated vanity station for getting ready together
✔ Kitchen with a stainless steel oven, refrigerator, dishwasher, stove, microwave, coffee maker, blender, cooking basics, dishes, silverware, and wine glasses
✔ In-building washer and dryer, free parking on premises, Wi-Fi, air conditioning, heating, and self check-in

Welcome to your Nashville gathering place. This expansive home gives your group room to spread out, come together, and enjoy the city from a private, entertainment-focused base.

A few of our guest comments that capture the experience here:

"Our favorites were the rooftop and the movie room—beautiful and fun spaces for hosting a weekend like this." - Carlee

"My friends and I enjoyed every single part of our stay. The nice rooms, great movie lounge, and the rooftop were amazing." - Taylor

"Very nice." - Amanda Elizabeth

☆☆ NEARBY ☆☆
✔ About 5 minutes from Broadway and Midtown by car, with a quiet Sylvan Heights setting

★★ ROOFTOP TERRACE ★★
The rooftop is the star of the stay.
✔ Built-in dance floor for group hangs and celebrations
✔ Rooftop bar with stools and a grill area
✔ Fire table, outdoor furniture, and an outdoor dining setup
✔ Open-air skyline views and string lights for evening gatherings

★★ ENTERTAINMENT LEVEL ★★
This floor is made for movie nights and late-night fun.
✔ Custom movie theater with a large screen and theater seating
✔ Karaoke lounge for singing, lounging, and hosting
✔ Board games and a record player for extra entertainment

★★ KITCHEN & DINING ★★
Gather around the table, then keep the drinks and coffee flowing.
✔ Formal dining table for shared meals
✔ Coffee bar with a coffee maker and counter setup
✔ Stainless steel oven, refrigerator, stove, microwave, dishwasher, and blender
✔ Cooking basics, dishes and silverware, and wine glasses

★★ BEDROOMS ★★
Each bedroom is set up for comfort and privacy.
✔ First floor: queen bunk bedroom with an en suite bathroom and secure keyless entry
✔ Third floor: queen bedroom with a private bathroom
✔ Fourth floor: king bedroom with a private en suite bathroom
✔ Fourth floor: bedroom with two queen beds and a dedicated vanity station

★★ BATHROOMS ★★
✔ Four bathrooms total, including private en suites connected to multiple bedrooms
✔ Hair dryer, shampoo, conditioner, body soap, and shower gel provided

★★ LIVING AREA ★★
A relaxed main lounge gives your group another place to unwind.
✔ Large sectional seating by bright windows
✔ TV for casual downtime
✔ Comfortable seating with a warm, social layout

We’d love to host your Nashville stay and hope you enjoy the rooftop, the theater, and time well spent with your group.

Guest access
Guests can use the entire home with a reservation. No rooms or features are off-limits.

Registration Details
CASR 2025074124

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jody And Hannah
Host User ID: 395761736
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/395761736
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville young professionals
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: The University of Alabama
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
131 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting