We welcome y'all to our 5th floor corner condo in the heart of downtown. Enjoy floor-to-ceiling windows,  a private wraparound balcony and an open layout with room to spread out.  Your comfort is our priority. We provide all the amenities you need to feel at home.

★ Check in: 3pm
★ Check out: 10am - NO EXCEPTIONS
★ Please read the full listing below for FAQs on parking, check-in/out, and the space.

The space
→ Bedroom 1:  King Bed with connected bathroom
→ Bedroom 2:  King Bed with connected bathroom
→ Sleeper Sofa with Queen mattress in living room
→ Large Walk-in Closets in both bedrooms
→ Bathrooms stocked with toiletries
→ Kitchen stocked with essentials
→ Quartz island with 4 barstools
→ Dining table with 6 chairs
→ Washer/Dryer
→ Iron/Ironing Board/Clothing Steamer/Hangers
→ Smart TVs in both bedrooms and living room
→ Hgh-Speed WiFi
→ Walk Score: 90

Add our listing to your wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right corner

STRP #2018074953

Guest access
Entire space plus all building amenities are included in this rental.  Please make yourself at home.

★ Outdoor pool 
★ Gym with climbing wall and yoga studio
★ Sky lounge with deck
★ The Collective Lounge (hangout and work space)
★ Courtyard with grills and fire pits
★ On-site Maintenance
★ On-Site Concierge & Security (option to check bags with bellhop if you arrive early)

ACCESS:
The building, elevators, apartment and all of the shared spaces listed above are accessed through the keyless DOOR app.  You will receive this access via email prior to your arrival.

Other things to note
Check-in/Check-out:  Check-in is at 3pm and check-out is at 10am.  
★ We do not offer early check-ins or late check-outs due to high occupancy. If you need an early check-in or late check-out, please book an additional night before or after your stay. 

★Baggage Bellhop is available in the lobby daily from 9am-4:30pm in case you arrive early or are departing late and need to store your luggage.  You may use the building lounges or enjoy the bars and restaurants nearby while the bellhop holds your luggage.

★The condo features floor-to-ceiling windows.  Rest assured, they are tinted for privacy and have pull-down shades, so you can enjoy all the natural light and views without anyone seeing in!

★In the unfortunate event the pool is temporarily closed for maintenance this DOES NOT qualify you for a refund.

★You are staying in the center of a lively city, and there can be noise that's out of our control, such as the bustle of nightlife.  We provide noise machines, ear plugs and sleep masks to help ensure you get your beauty rest.

★Please remember that you are staying in a home, not a hotel.  Please treat the place with respect.  If any problems arise, we will do our best to take action ASAP.

★Coffee Makers:  Keurig (we provide coffee pods, creamer pods and sugar assortment) and Coffee Press (bring your own grinds if this method is preferred)