URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/644254250062594921
Latitude: 36.17681
Longitude: -86.75501
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
👋 Hello Gorgeous! It’s time to call up your besties or your bridal party (of up to 12) because we’re getting pretty in pink and turning “rosé all day” into a verb. That’s right, we’re rosé-all-day-ing. You bring the party and we’ve got the décor covered. This entire home is a work of pink flavored art, meaning you get to save your hard-earned dough on curating the perfect vibe for you and your friends because it’s already here.

The space
🩷 Stay at this exclusive spot in a prime location (more deets below) where everything you see is a gorgeous shade of PINK. We want you to feel like you’re living inside a bubble gum machine, Barbie’s dream home, Elle Wood’s sorority house, or in the wild with a beautiful flock of flamingos. Aka if you like pink, we’re your people.  

📍 Besides the top-notch décor and vibes, Rosé All Day boasts a location that is an 8-minute Uber ride to Broadway, near the Titans Stadium, in walking distance to all the coolest restaurants and bars in East Nashville and is literally around the corner from an awesome live music spot, “The Basement East”. You’ll be right between Nashville’s best parks, tourist attractions, night life and airport.

🌹 So, if you and your favorite travel partners are ready to live “la vie en rose”, to think pink, to actually “rosé all day” and experience the f*ck out of this one-of-a-kind stay, hit that book button. 

💅 Oh, and we promise it’ll be way better than that “orange” themed party you went to. Like the legendary Elle Woods once said, “whoever said orange is the new pink, was seriously disturbed.” 

📝 THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW
– Property designed and operated by Stay Minty.
– Lowest rates always available direct.
– Discounts may not be available via 3rd party booking sites
- Featuring Christmas decorations mid-November to New Year's.
 
🛏️ SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS
Bedroom 1 ……….. Queen Bed
Bedroom 2 ……….. Full Over Queen Bunk Beds
Bedroom 3 ……….. Queen Bed
Bedroom 4 ……….. Full Over Queen Bunk Beds
 
🏠 IMPRESSIVE FEATURES
– Expansive living area with plenty of seating
– Full Kitchen with Coffee & Keurig
– Exclusive, Trendy & Themed Décor which provide all the photo ops 
– Sleeps 12 
– Prime Location in East Nashville
– Security Cameras
– Supply Starter Kit
 
📌 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!
Rosé All Day has a location that just can’t be beat! Get your steps in and check out the coolest local bars and restaurants that East Nashville has to offer all within a casual stroll of our digs. A great live music spot, “The Basement East” is right around the corner. If you want even more excitement, grab an Uber to Downtown Nashville. 
You’re only 8 short minutes away from Broadway by car. If you want to check out the major tourist attractions, visit the nearby Titans Stadium, the Country Music Hall of Fame which is only a 7-minute drive or take your talents to the likes of the Grand Ole Opry in under 15. You’ll be right between Nashville’s best parks, tourist attractions, night life and the airport.
 
🧼 EVERY HOME, EVERY TIME
In a Stay Minty home, you’ll always find our bathrooms stocked with everything you need to get squeaky clean including shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. Our kitchens have all the essentials needed to prepare your favorite meal. Get your caffeine fix each morning with Keurig coffee pods included with every stay. We’ve even got your TV entertainment covered with hundreds of streaming options to choose from. 
Stay Minty homes are immaculate and well maintained by professionals who clean between every guest using the highest standards in the industry.

📦 SUPPLY STARTER KIT
No one wants to have to worry about getting to the store after traveling all day! That’s why we provide a supply starter kit – to get you through the first day or two of your stay.
The kit includes a roll of paper towels, dish sponge, two dishwasher pods, five trash bags, dishwashing liquid, all-purpose cleaner, a small selection of coffee pods, hand soap, shampoo, conditioner, body wash and two rolls of toilet paper in each bathroom.

💚 OUR PROMISE
At Stay Minty, we’re a dedicated and small (yet mighty) team on a mission to bring more passion and joy into the world through shared experiences. And great news for you, we both have the same goal: for your stay to be nothing short of perfect. With that said, sometimes the unexpected happens. Our homes are houses, no different than yours. Maybe ours are a little cooler, but that’s why you’re here. If anything comes up, we promise to spring into action faster than Taylor Swift after a break-up and do everything we can to resolve it… and then maybe write a hit album about it. I mean, we are from “Music City, USA”. 

📲 If you have any issues or are unhappy with your stay, be sure to call, text, or email us like a good friend so we can get your stay back to minty fresh. 

 We look forward to you booking our home and hosting your stay!!

xoxo,
Stay Minty!

Note: For safety and security, our property is equipped with exterior-only cameras located at the front entrance and driveway. These devices monitor the property perimeter and do not record any interior areas. There are no cameras inside the home.

Other things to note
MINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENTS:
The primary renter must be at least 25 years old. Exceptions are made on a case-by-case basis. Contact us for details prior to booking.

**Guests aged 21 - 24 are eligible to book if these guests pay a $750 refundable deposit or provide proof of damage insurance. 

**We do not accept bookings from guests within a 50-mile radius.

OPTIONAL FEES:
The following fees are paid in addition to and after the reservation is paid for.
- $249 / pet, pet fee (only valid on properties that allow pets. Pets cannot be left unattended which applies to ADA and service animals as well)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Stay Minty
Host User ID: 385134286
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/385134286
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
6 years hosting
169 reviews
4.67 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting