URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1689256458381469569
Latitude: 36.1784
Longitude: -86.7508
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 7
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Steps from Nashville’s creative pulse, Outrider by AvantStay pairs western-inspired style with the ease of a polished city stay. This 2-bedroom suite sleeps 7 with a king bedroom, queen bunk room, full kitchen, record player, private balcony, and quick access to downtown and Broadway.

2 Bedrooms | 1 Bathroom | 7 Guests

🎸 10–15 min rideshare to Broadway + downtown Nashville
🌆 Private balcony, floor-to-ceiling windows + city views
🍳 Full kitchen, dining space + playful Music City decor

The space
Outrider brings Nashville energy home with bold western-inspired style, bright gathering spaces, and plenty of room for small groups. This 2-bedroom, 1-bath suite sleeps up to 7 guests, making it a great fit for families, friend groups, or anyone looking to stay close to the city while enjoying a polished, design-forward retreat. Downtown Nashville and Broadway are just a 10–15 minute rideshare away, so live music, honky-tonks, restaurants, and nightlife are always within easy reach.

Inside, the open living space blends modern comfort with playful Nashville character. Floor-to-ceiling windows bring in great natural light, while the western-inspired decor, guitar accent, record player, and cozy seating give the space a fun, music-city feel. The fully equipped kitchen features sleek finishes, open shelving, a spacious island, and everything you need for coffee, snacks, or pre-night-out bites.

The dining area offers a stylish spot to gather, whether you’re sharing a meal, playing games, or mapping out the night’s plans. Step outside to the private balcony for fresh air, morning coffee, or a quiet reset between exploring the city.

After a day of Broadway crowds, brunch spots, or live music, the bedroom setup keeps things comfortable and practical. The king bedroom offers a quieter place to unwind, while the queen bunk room works well for friends, kids, or extra guests who don’t mind sharing space. A full bathroom rounds out the layout for an easy small-group stay.

Stylish, bright, and close to the best of Nashville, Outrider is a lively home base for music-filled nights, laid-back mornings, and memorable city stays.

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

East Nashville is one of Nashville's oldest neighborhoods, located just across the Cumberland River. Known for its eclectic and artsy atmosphere, you'll find some of the city's best restaurants, live music venues, sho pping, and easy access to Nissan Stadium. Bonus: all of the excitement of Broadway is just a 10-minute Uber drive away. Don't be surprised if you see one of your favorite musicians walking around this neighborhood, as many of them call it home

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home allows pets for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note our occupancy includes an additional one beyond bed count. A trifold floor mattress and additional linens can be provided upon request.
- There are 2 flights of stairs present within the unit. Please note this unit may not be suitable for guests with mobility issues.

Parking Details:
1 parking space is allowed per unit. 
Street parking is available.
Please note: Vehicles must be parked only in approved areas to avoid towing.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2022048160

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting