URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1537374344549556588
Latitude: 36.1517
Longitude: -86.7785
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Urban Cowboy at Hyve in the heart of Music City! Perfect for bachelor/bachelorette parties, families, or groups of friends. This luxury 3-bedroom condo is walkable to downtown / Broadway and offers 5 beds to sleep up to 10 guests.  

Located in the Hyve condo building, you’ll enjoy access to all the premium shared amenities — pool, gym, lounge areas, and more — right in the heart of downtown Nashville.

Whether for music, fun, or the big game, this is your ideal Nashville getaway!

The space
KEY FEATURES:
⭐Location: 0.5 mile to Downtown / Broadway (15 Min Walk)
⭐3 Bedrooms
⭐5 Beds: 2 King, 2 Full, 1 Sofa Bed
⭐2 full baths stocked with all the essentials 
      (shampoo, conditioner, body wash, etc)
⭐Private Balcony overlooking pool
⭐Building Amenities: Pool, 24/7 Gym, Lounge Areas
⭐Walkable to restaurants & bars
⭐Complimentary Luggage Holding
⭐Fast WiFi
⭐Smart TVs in every bedroom
⭐Well-equipped kitchen to make meals for the whole group
⭐Coffee provided
⭐In-Unit Washer & Dryer
⭐Parking: Free Parking available (see below)

Expect a Five Star stay with us! We are always available to assist with dining and activity recommendations and help with anything else needed during your stay.

*LOCATION*
Downtown / Broadway → 0.5 Miles (15 Min Walk)
Bridgestone Arena → 0.5 Miles (15 Min Walk)
Music City Center Convention Center → 0.4 Miles (12 Min Walk)
The Gulch → 0.4 Miles (12 Min Walk)
12 South → 2.5 Miles (8 Min Drive)
Nissan Stadium → 1.3 Miles (6 Min Drive)
BNA Airport → 7 Miles (12 Min Drive)

*SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS* 
5 beds; 3 bedrooms 
Bedroom 1: 1 King
Bedroom 2: 1 King
Bedroom 3: 2 Full
Living Room: 1 Full Sized Sleeper Sofa
 
*LAYOUT*

BEDROOM 1 / BATHROOM 1 – Primary bedroom and bathroom make up one side of the condo. This room offers a comfy king sized bed and smart TV. The unattached ensuite full bathroom is right outside the bedroom and has a walk-in shower and dual vanities for extra room to get ready. Plus a 2 large closets in to store your clothes and other belongings.

LIVING ROOM – Cozy and inviting open space with comfortable seating, a Smart TV, and large windows for plenty of natural light—perfect for relaxing. Plus, you can step outside on the furnished private balcony overlooking the pool to enjoy some fresh air with a drink or your morning coffee.

Sofa also has a full-sized pullout mattress offering an additional bed for larger groups. 

KITCHEN/DINING AREA – Well equipped kitchen with everything you need to cook most meals, modern appliances, ample counter space, and a functional layout for cooking and entertaining. Seating at the island available for 4 guests plus a dining table that seats 4.

Enjoy complimentary coffee with creamer and sugar provided (drip coffee maker).

BEDROOM 2 – King bed, smart TV, and a closet for additional storage.

BEDROOM 3 – Two Full beds perfect for larger groups plus a smart TV

BATHROOM 2 - Full bathroom conveniently located off of the living room and in between Bedroom 2 and 3.  

Laundry – Washer/Dryer with an iron, ironing board, and detergent pods provided

*AMENITIES*
At Hyve, you can enjoy the comforts of a luxury condo and its amenities – concierge, security presence, a seasonal pool, a 24/7 state-of-the-art gym, a co-working space, and more – while being positioned only four blocks away from Broadway.

🅿️ *PARKING* 
1. Free Garage:
The building offers a free, secured parking garage on the upper level for guests and owners, with 34 spaces available on a first-come, first-serve basis (we kindly ask to limit to one vehicle per reservation). EV charging is available in the garage.

2. Free Street Parking: If no spots are available in the free garage, there are a few free street spots available directly outside the lobby on a first come first serve basis. 

3. Paid Garage: If the two options above are unavailable, there is an on-site paid public parking garage that can be found on the lower level. Hyve guests can park for a discounted rate rate of $20 per day. EV Charging is available.

4. Free Street Parking / Nearby Paid Lots:
In addition to the options above, there's some free street parking within 1-2 blocks of the building. Plus, there are a few paid parking lots nearby.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire condo during their stay plus the shared building amenities.

There are Smart TVs throughout the home - feel free to log in to your favorite streaming platform to watch TV or stream music.

Other things to note
🧳 Complimentary luggage storage is available with our on-site concierge, 7 days a week from 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
Our neighbor, Tennessee Brew Works, can hold luggage for free (if you buy a drink or food), starting at 10 am for guests who need storage.

🔒 Smart locks are utilized through the Latch App. Guests will be invited to download the app before your stay. An email is required on file for Latch access.

👮‍♂️ Security is present on-site daily from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 a.m.

🌐 High speed Wi-Fi is available for free in all units and all common areas, including a lounge/co-working space that is perfect for remote work.

🏊🏼 The pool is seasonal and is open March 1 through October, every day from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. The pool is heated during cooler months. The courtyard closes at 10:00 p.m. The gym is open 24/7.

📍 Please note that the urban location of the building may come with some city sounds, including nearby construction, trains, and sirens. While the building features excellent soundproofing, some noises may be audible, such as other guests, sirens, nearby freight trains, music, and construction. The condo is equipped with white noise cancelling machines to limit the impact of any noise in the bedrooms while sleeping. However, noise-sensitive guests may prefer a location further from downtown.

Additionally, the area is home to a diverse community, including individuals from a nearby shelter you may encounter while outside the building.

🚭 This is a smoke-free environment. Smoking is prohibited throughout the building, including the courtyard, pool, and condo balconies.

For guest's safety, there are cameras on premises. No undisclosed camera or recording devices are inside the property

Permit #: 2023#082#406

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brendan
Host User ID: 396058414
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/396058414
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm originally from Annapolis, MD but Nashville has become home for me. 

I enjoy sports, especially football, and exploring everything Nashville has to offer with friends on the weekends. Let me know if you need any recommendations!

I look forward to welcoming guests and helping make their stay as enjoyable as possible.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Davidson College
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
730 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting