URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1102988756155336546
Latitude: 36.193
Longitude: -86.77168
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Coming into town for business and want more for your buck? We have availability during the week and at a great value.  Check us out!

Welcome to our spacious and fun townhouse retreat that offers the perfect combination of elegance, comfort, and entertainment in the heart of Music City. Situated just minutes away from the high energy of Broadway, our home provides easy access to Nashville's iconic attractions.  Enjoy the third-level entertainment space with wet bar that opens fully to the roofto

The space
Close to everything Nashville has to offer for an exciting stay while offering a peaceful sanctuary for relaxation and rejuvenation. Our home features over 2,800 sq. ft. of gorgeous indoor/ outdoor living space. 

Accommodation: This townhouse features three beautifully appointed bedrooms and four bathrooms spread across three levels, accommodating up to ten guests with ease. Each bedroom offers plush bedding and ample space for a restful night's sleep, ensuring that every guest feels right at home.

Rooftop Retreats: Step outside onto not one, but two breathtaking rooftop decks, where you can savor your favorite cocktails or soak in the warm Tennessee sun. With comfortable seating and plenty of space to spread out, these exclusive outdoor areas are perfect for lounging, socializing, and taking in the sights and sounds of the city.

Entertainment Space: Ascend to the third floor and discover the ultimate entertainment oasis. Here, you'll find a spacious and stylishly designed entertainment space complete with a wet bar, perfect for hosting unforgettable gatherings with friends and family. Whether you're mixing up craft cocktails, watching the big game on the large flat-screen TV, or simply enjoying lively conversation in the comfortable seating area, this versatile space is sure to be the highlight of your stay.

Modern Amenities: Throughout the townhouse, you'll find an array of modern amenities designed to enhance your comfort and convenience. Whip up delicious meals in the gourmet kitchen, unwind in either living room with a Smart TV and streaming services, or stay connected with complimentary high-speed Wi-Fi throughout the property.

Comfort: We prioritized high-quality mattresses and bedding throughout the entire property to ensure you get the best night's sleep possible. 

Explore Nashville: When you're ready to venture out, you'll find an abundance of attractions and activities just steps away. The house is 5 minutes from Nissan Stadium. Close to world-class live music venues and eclectic dining spots to historic landmarks and vibrant nightlife, Nashville offers something for everyone to enjoy. 

Whether you're here for a weekend getaway, a family vacation, or a special celebration, our townhouse provides the perfect home base for your Nashville adventure.

Guest access
The entire home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kaylea
Host User ID: 521416232
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/521416232
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi there! I’m Kaylea and I’ve been proudly hosting in Nashville for almost two years. I fell in love with this vibrant city’s music, food, & charm and I love sharing that magic with my guests. Whether you’re here for a weekend getaway, a live show, or a taste of authentic Nashville hospitality, I’m here to make sure your stay is incredible. I’m happy to help you experience Nashville like a local. Welcome to Music City — I can’t wait to host you!
Born in the 90s
My work: Designer
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
114 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting