URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1100740041078370065
Latitude: 36.1327
Longitude: -86.7656
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Beautiful townhome located next to Geodis Park Stadium! Perfect spot to experience the fun of downtown, but lay your head down at night mins away from the hustle & bustle of Broadway. Comfortably sleep 6 with an optional air mattress for 7 & 8.

☆ 0.2 miles away from Geodis Park Stadium & the Nashville Fairgrounds
☆ WIFI & Roku TV's in each room! 
☆ Full Kitchen w/drip coffee maker & Keurig
☆ Pet Friendly (approved pets only w/ fee)
☆ Garage full of games & entertainment
☆ Tennessee murals

The space
Out spacious pet-friendly home comfortably accommodates up to 8 guests and offers the perfect blend of comfort, style, and fun! 

You're welcomed by a mudroom entryway to drop off bags, shoes, and jackets before settling in. Just off the entry is the first guest bedroom located on the ground floor, featuring a king bed and a private ensuite bathroom for added comfort and privacy.

Head upstairs to the main living level where you’ll find a bright, open-concept space designed for gathering together. The living room offers plenty of comfortable seating, making it the perfect place to relax after a day in the city.

The kitchen is stocked with cooking and baking essentials, making it easy to prepare meals during your stay.

Just off the main living area, step outside onto the outdoor patio for some fresh air, morning coffee, or a relaxed evening unwind.

On the third floor, you’ll find two additional bedrooms, both featuring king beds and their own private ensuite bathrooms to give everyone their own comfortable retreat. An air mattress is also available to accommodate guests 7 and 8 if needed.

The garage is the perfect hangout space with  cornhole, a ping pong table, dart board, card table, and life size connect 4! (No parking available in the garage)

The house is a short walk to Geodis park. You'll be within 0-5 miles of all the popular Nashville neighborhoods including Berry Hill, 12 South, The Gulch, Vanderbilt, Belmont, and of course, Honky Tonk Row!

Guest access
You'll have full access to the entire home during your stay! We are a 100% local team available 24/7 for anything you might need during your stay!

👶 Traveling with Little Ones?
Please note this home is not baby-proofed.

You may park your car in front of the garage on the backside of the home. You can manually open the garage from the upper right hand side keypad. There is no parking permitted in front of the house or inside the garage. The code to the garage will be given to you in your access email sent out the day before your arrival.

Other things to note
→ Please note: This house is in a residential area. If you're looking for a property to host a rowdy group, this is not the right fit. Disturbing other guests or residents will result in being asked to leave. Our strict quiet hours are 10 pm to 8 am. 
→ We are pet friendly with a fee starting at $125! Ask our team for more info.
→ The house sleeps 6 comfortable in the bedrooms. Guest 7 and 8 can sleep on the air mattress provided in the unit. There are fold out chairs that can be used for sleeping as well, but may not be as comfortable. 
→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm. 
→  Regarding the house: Max occupancy is 8 people. There is central air. You must climb a full set of stairs to get to the kitchen and living area, as well as the 3rd floor bedrooms. In total, there are 3 beds in the house.
→ Towels & linen are provided for up to 8 people. Travel-sized toiletries, 3 hairdryers, iron, and ironing board are provided. A drip coffee maker and basic kitchenware are also provided. Guests are responsible to provide any additional amenities desired, such as cleaning products & additional paper products.
→ After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival, if booking same day, you may call our team as soon as you've booked. Please ensure your number on your Airbnb profile is up to date. 
→ Rest assured, our team is around 24/7 for any emergency that may arise. Please call or text us for the quickest reply. 
→ We have a short term permit for the house. You can find the Permit # in the captions of our pictures.

Registration Details
2022069581

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: UrbanNashville
Host User ID: 6855810
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6855810
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We are UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals. We're a small, locally owned management company. We pride ourselves in providing the best rental experience for you while you visit Music City! 

Our properties are located all over popular areas of Nashville. We have a spot for every traveller.

If you need any recommendations for the best places to check out, let us know! The chances are good that we have been there, and tried that. We look forward to hosting you

- Paige, Jordan & Adisson
My work: Nashville Enthusiast
Most useless skill: Junk journaling my travels
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
14236 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting