URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/13293782
Latitude: 36.1891
Longitude: -86.7369
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Escape to The Porter, a modern East Nashville home near Five Points! Flooded with light, this stylish retreat comfortably sleeps 10 guests. Features includes a spacious family room, large gathering table, wet bar, a fully fenced patio for pets, a grill and outdoor furniture for evenings under the stars, and free parking. You're just minutes from East Nashville's best dining, music venues, and parks. Perfect for groups, families, and remote workers seeking a vibrant Music City experience.

The space
Welcome home to The Porter, nestled in the vibey and high-end Greenwood neighborhood in East Nashville. Sleep 10 (+2 dogs) across 3 bedrooms and enjoy open living spaces and soaring ceilings. Not even a mile from some of Nashville's reputable restaurants, including Noko, Two Ten Jack, and Rosepepper Cantina. Feel like staying in? We have a fully equipped kitchen and space to grill outdoors, too. Come stay at Nashville's best spot and let us host you with the comforts of home and the elevation of a hotel!

Imagine starting your day with a leisurely meal at the dining table that comfortably seats 10, before stepping out to explore the vibrant local scene. Just a short walk away, you’ll find culinary gems like RosePepper Cantina, known for the best margaritas in the city, trendy Noko, and Two Ten Jack. Don’t miss out on treating yourself to a scoop from James Beard Award winner Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams.

Comfortable Accommodation:
- 2nd Floor Bedroom 1: 2 Queen Beds with Ensuite Bathroom  
- 2nd Floor Bedroom 2: 2 Full Beds with Jack & Jill Bathroom  
- 2nd Floor Bedroom 3: 2 Full Beds with Jack & Jill Bathroom  

Interior Feeling:
- Smart TVs for movie nights  
- Wine fridge ready to keep your favorite bottles chilled  
- Modern amenities throughout  

Outdoor Bliss:
- Fully fenced furnished private back patio
- Propane grill for outdoor barbecues  
- Perfect spot for relaxing evenings under the stars with your dog  
- Free parking in the driveway for 2 cars

Explore the Neighborhood:
Discover the laid-back charm of East Nashville right outside your door. Take a peaceful stroll through Shelby Park for a refreshing dose of nature, then spend your evenings catching live music at The East Room or The Basement East. Savor standout dishes and local craft brews at neighborhood favorites like East Nashville Beer Works, or grab a coffee from Crema as you browse the area’s eclectic shops and boutiques. Just a quick ride from Broadway and downtown, our home places you at the heart of Nashville’s vibrant culture and culinary scene.

Superior Connectivity for Work and Play:
- Complimentary high-speed internet throughout your stay  

Pet-Friendly Paradise:
We welcome up to 2 dogs (only) with a signed agreement and a $150/dog fee paid after booking. 

Long Term Living:
Looking for a comfortable, furnished home in Nashville for an extended stay? Whether you're a digital nomad, college student, or settling in as our newest neighbor, we've got you covered. If you're interested, feel free to reach out to learn more! Please take note that there is a refundable security deposit of $500 charged separately before check-in for any reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and a deposit of $1,000 charged separately before check-in for any reservations over 6 months.

Permit: 2016_followedby_036382

Guest access
We pride ourselves on a quick response time and ability to provide add-on concierge services by request (anything from fridge stocking to on site entertainment)! We look forward to hosting you!

Other things to note
Welcome to our boutique hospitality experience, led by a close-knit team of husband-and-wife duo and their close friends. We've been making dream vacations come true since 2014 and we're thrilled to do the same for you! We choose our properties with care, only offering places we'd love to stay in ourselves. You'll find top local spots around each location and we're always ready to suggest the best picks tailored just for you.

- Pet friendly: We welcome up to 2 dogs with a signed agreement and a $150 non-refundable pet fee per dog charged AFTER booking confirmation
- Check-In: We provide a unique, custom door code for each stay for secure and easy keyless entry.
- Guest Verification: All guests are required to complete an additional guest verification process after booking, which includes signing a liability agreement.
- Local Bookings: We typically do not host local residents. We may inquire about the purpose of your stay and reserve the right to decline bookings.
- Security Deposit: A refundable security deposit is required for longer stays and is charged separately before check-in. The deposit is $500 for reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and $1,000 for reservations over 6 months.
- Child-Friendly Rentals: Pack and plays and high chairs are not kept onsite, but they are available to rent through our rental partner. Please inquire if you’d like a unique rental link for these items.
- 24/7 Support: Our team is available around the clock to help with any questions or personalized requests.

- Permit: 2016_followedby_036382

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Beckon Homes
Host User ID: 6675690
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6675690
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We're the crew at Beckon Homes. We're a small, family-run boutique property management company that works hard to treat our guests like our loved ones by welcoming them into homes and neighborhoods we ourselves would stay in. Our team is on 24/7/365 to ensure you have everything you need, whenever you need it. We can't wait to host you at one of our homes!
My work: making guests comfy
Most useless skill: no skill is useless!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
9906 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting