URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1374570455257502417
Latitude: 36.1491
Longitude: -86.7861
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 12
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Walk to The Gulch, unwind on a rooftop with downtown views, and experience the best of Nashville at The Hawkins. This spacious retreat features expansive gathering areas, plenty of sleeping space, and a rooftop deck with a cozy firepit overlooking the city skyline. Just minutes from Broadway and Nashville's top restaurants, shops, and live music, it's perfect for family vacations, group getaways, celebrations, and unforgettable Music City stays. 🌆

The space
Things You'll Love: 
◆ Location! Just a few steps from The Gulch and less than a mile to Broadway.
◆ Large rooftop patio with stunning downtown views
◆ Sun loungers, an outdoor dining table, and a cozy lounge area with a firepit.
◆ Smart TVs throughout, including all bedrooms – easily connect to your favorite streaming apps!
◆ Spacious, sunlit living room offering multiple seating options.
◆ Game area featuring a poker table, complete with cards and chips.
◆ Gourmet kitchen with breakfast bar with seating
◆ Large dining table with six comfortable chairs.
◆ High speed Wi-fi + private workspace
◆ Private laundry with washer & dryer
◆ Dog Friendly - $150 pet fee for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions! 

Floorplan & Sleeping Arrangements: 
First Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - Bunk beds with two Queen beds below and two Double beds above
◆ Bedroom 2 - Two Queen beds
◆ Shared Full Bathroom

Second Floor: 
◆ Living room, kitchen, + dining room
◆ Half bathroom

Third Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 3 - King bed + Twin Daybed with Twin Trundle + Ensuite bathroom, Additional Twin Rollaway bed
◆ Bedroom 4 - King bed + Twin Rollaway Bed + Ensuite bathroom 

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The Hawkins House for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
IMPORTANT — PLEASE READ BEFORE BOOKING:
A new home is currently being built immediately next door to this property. Construction is active and noise levels vary day-to-day depending on the type of work being done.
Per city ordinance, construction is allowed 7:00 AM–7:00 PM daily. While this is completely outside of our control, we want all guests to be fully aware that construction noise may be heard throughout the day during these permitted hours.

Please note: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

◆ There is no designated parking. The garage has been converted into a room. A small car can fit parallel to the home, but be sure to leave enough space for neighbors to pass by. There are two nearby streets that offer ample parking. 
◆ The bunkroom does not have central air conditioning or heat, but we do have portable fans and heating units. 
◆ This home features numerous stairs, and the layout of the staircase may not be ideal for young children

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5404 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting