URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1235678742825705354
Latitude: 36.1456
Longitude: -86.7866
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 19
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Sleeps 24! Enjoy an unforgettable 2 Unit getaway. With eight beautifully decorated bedrooms 2 huge roof decks with city views, and plenty of lovely spaces to lounge, this modern home is the perfect place for groups coming to celebrate. The ideal location in the heart of the Gulch is just minutes from top attractions. 

5 Min Drive to Downtown Nashville
10 Min Drive to Ryman Auditorium
16 Min Drive to the Grand Ole Opry

Experience Nashville With Us & Learn More Below!

The space
KEY FEATURES:
☀ 8 Gorgeous bedrooms with king-sized beds + ensuite bathrooms
☀ 8 full bathrooms; walk-in showers, shower/tub combo + soaking tub
☀ 2 Modern kitchen; stainless steel appliances + large dining area
☀ 2 Spacious living room; fireplace + flat-screen Smart TV
☀ 4 Extra lounge spaces w/ Smart TVs, wet bar + more
☀ 2 Large rooftop terraces with unbeatable city views
☀ Perfect location in Nashville’s hottest area - the Gulch
☀ Free parking
☀ High-speed WiFi + multiple areas to work
☀ All linens taken off site to a commercial laundry facility

Here Are A Few Kind Words From Our Past Guests:

“Everything about Rob’s place was perfect!” - Debra

“Our group had a great stay at Rob’s place. There was plenty of space and a comfortable environment for our larger group. We would highly recommend!” - Madeline

“Amazing! Beautiful and special touches everywhere. The minute you walk in you know you are in Nashville! We will be back!” - Amy

☆☆ BEDROOMS ☆☆
This new Nashville home was built with modern luxury and guest comfort in mind. There’s plenty of space for your whole crew to spread out across the four comfortable bedrooms, which are split among the four levels of the home. 

Unit A:
First (ENTRANCE) Leve - No Steps from front entrance: Den 
Den 1: 4 twin beds 
Main (Second) Level:
Bedroom 1: 1 king bed w/adjacent full bathroom
3rd Level:
Bedroom 2: 1 king bed w/ en suite full bathroom
1 twin bed 
Bedroom 3: 
1 king bed 
2 twin beds 
En suite full bathroom with soaking tub and shower
4th Level:
Bedroom 4: 1 king bed 
1 twin bed 
w/en suite full bathroom
Unit D:
Entrance Level is flat, but there are a full set of stairs up to the second (main) floor
Second Floor:
Bedroom 1: King Bed with adjacent full bathroom
Third Floor:
Bedroom 2: King Bed with en suite full bathroom
Bedroom 3: Two Queen Beds with en suite full bathroom
Fourth Floor:
Bedroom 4: King Bed with (2) twin trundle with en suite full bathroom with soaking tub and shower
Every room has a Smart flat-screen TV and easy access to a bathroom for ultimate convenience and privacy. 

☆☆ BATHROOMS ☆☆
The spacious home has 8 sleek full bathrooms. Every bathroom is stocked with plush, hotel-quality towels and a starter supply of complimentary toiletries and hairdryer.

The second-level bathroom sits off the main living space and features a walk-in shower. 

There are two bathrooms on the third level: one in the hallway with a walk-in shower, and the other an ensuite to one of the bedrooms. The luxurious ensuite bathroom features a walk-in shower and separate soaking tub as well as a dual vanity.
 
The fourth and final bathroom is located on the fourth level and has a walk-in shower. 

☆☆ KITCHEN ☆☆
The modern kitchen will have you channeling your inner chef with its state-of-the-art gourmet appliances, sleek marble countertops, and deep farmhouse sink. You can serve your meals on the large island (which also has 4 barstools) and then head over to the dining room table and enjoy your meals as a group (seating for 8). In the mornings, you can prepare your coffee just how you like it. Enjoy complimentary coffee, creamer, and sweetener.

☆☆ LOUNGES ☆☆
This house has ample lounge space throughout, providing plenty of inviting areas for your group to spread out. In fact, there are three separate areas for you to kick your feet up and relax after a long day of exploring Nashville. 

The spacious living room sits right off the kitchen on the second level and features a large sectional sofa and a massive flat-screen Smart TV for all your streaming needs. There’s also a fireplace, a vinyl player, and a guitar to set the mood just right for your getaway in the Music City. 

There’s a den on the first floor, complete with another Smart TV, vinyl player, and comfy sleeper sofa to accommodate any additional guests you may have. 

The third and final lounge space sits on the fourth floor and features a wet bar, a small high-top table (perfect for light night card games), a flat-screen Smart TV, and a vinyl player. What Nashville getaway is complete without a record player in every room?

☆☆ OUTSIDE SPACE ☆☆
In addition to the ample indoor space, the home also features a private roof-level terrace with amazing views of downtown Nashville. There’s plenty of room for the whole group to chill up here, whether you’re enjoying an evening cocktail on the cushy couch, sipping your morning coffee at the table, or watching the sun go down from the two secluded chairs on the far end of the deck. 

★☆ Book Now & Let Us Take Care Of You In Nashville! ☆★

Guest Access:

Guests will have full access to the entire home except for a few locked owners' closets. Enjoy access to the beautiful, professionally-decorated spaces, including the gourmet kitchen, wet bar, roof deck, and more. Free parking is available.

Guest access
Guest has full access to the entire home EXCEPT any locked closets!

Other things to note
** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!

**Please note: Guests who stay 3 weeks or longer will incur an additional cleaning fee. This is NOT included in the pricing you see, but will be an additional add-on fee!

A lot of time, care, and money has been put into this home that we LOVE. I only want to have the best guests who will respect my property AND my neighbors. Not looking for rowdy crowds to stay here!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Rob
Host User ID: 441326096
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/441326096
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
So glad to meet you! I enjoy traveling and exploring new places as often as possible. I hope your trip to my place in Nashville is a top notch, fabulous experience!

Cheers!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
195 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting