URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1487068645774122315
Latitude: 36.1646
Longitude: -86.7784
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
THE STUDIO – Make your own music in this 1BR/1BA, 573 sq. ft. loft with open layout, funky art, and modern furniture. Located in historic Printers Alley Lofts, steps from Broadway, Bridgestone, and the Ryman. Features kitchen, king bed, WiFi. Sleeps 2 plus 2 on air mattress ($25/night per extra, max 4). 24/7 support, concierge. Patio at entrance for all guests. Parking nearby (not included). ☆ A FEW EXTRAS: Ask about other Printers Alley Lofts for larger groups or if more space is needed.

The space
★ THE STUDIO LOFT ★

Experience stylish urban living in this spacious 573 sq. ft. 1BR/1BA Studio Loft at Printers Alley Lofts, located in the heart of downtown Nashville. Designed with a bright, open layout and filled with funky art and modern furniture, this loft blends comfort with character. Floor-to-ceiling windows showcase vibrant city views and flood the space with natural light, creating a cheerful atmosphere day or night.

☆ Unwind in the plush king bed after a night out on Broadway, or prepare meals in the fully equipped kitchen complete with modern appliances and cookware. Whether you’re staying in or stepping out, everything you need is at your fingertips.

☆ Guests also enjoy access to a shared outdoor patio at the entrance — an ideal spot for your morning coffee or a casual evening drink before hitting the town. High-speed WiFi keeps you connected, while 24/7 support ensures peace of mind throughout your stay.

☆ Perfect for couples, business travelers, or small groups seeking Music City excitement, this Studio Loft offers both convenience and style — just steps away from Nashville’s world-famous live music, dining, and nightlife.

★ A FEW EXTRAS TO KEEP IN MIND!  We offer 10 unique lofts at Printers Alley Lofts, all listed on Airbnb. If your preferred dates are unavailable or you’re traveling with a larger group, you can book multiple lofts either within the building or next door in our adjoining Printers Alley Lofts building to accommodate everyone.  
☆ 1 Bedrooms (max 4 guests): Flat Loft, Suite Loft, Studio Loft (sleep sofa in living area) 
☆ 2 Bedrooms (max 6 guests | Deluxe PH up to 8 guests): City Loft Penthouse, Penthouse, Deluxe Penthouse 
☆ 4 Bedrooms (max 12 guests): Grand Loft, Urban Loft, Printers Alley Penthouse 
☆ 5 Bedrooms (max 12 guests): Gallery Loft (back living area sectional sofa includes two twin mattresses) 

★ Printers Alley Lofts – FAQ

Q: CAN WE CHECK IN EARLY OR CHECK OUT LATE?
A: When possible, yes. Because we receive many last-minute bookings, we can only confirm availability the night before your arrival or departure.

Q: CAN YOU STORE OUR LUGGAGE IF EARLY CHECK-IN ISN’T AVAILABLE?
A: Yes. We’re happy to store your luggage when early check-in or late checkout isn’t possible. Availability will be confirmed the evening before.

Q: IT’S A 1 BEDROOM LOFT—HOW CAN IT SLEEP 4 PEOPLE?
A: Our rates are based on double occupancy—two guests per bedroom. This one-bedroom loft includes a base rate for up to 2 guests. We can accommodate up to 4 guests total (two additional guests) for $25 per extra guest, per night, plus taxes. For groups over 2, we provide one queen air mattress with bedding and linens up to a maximum of 4 guests.

Q: IS PARKING INCLUDED?
A: Parking is not included, but several secure garages are within walking distance (average $45/24 hrs). Our property manager can point out nearby options at check-in.

Q: DO YOU OFFER ADDITIONAL LOFTS?
A: Yes! We have multiple lofts in the building and next door, ranging from 1–5 bedrooms. Perfect for groups needing more space. Printers Alley Lofts includes 10 lofts housed in two adjoining buildings on Printers Alley—8 are located in one building, and 2 are in the adjoining building right next door.

Q: HOW DO I CHECK IN?
A: Check-in instructions will be sent prior to arrival. Our property manager will greet you and assist with any questions.

Q: IN ADDITION TO THE NIGHTLY RENTAL, WHAT OTHER FEES ARE CHARGED BY PRINTERS ALLEY LOFTS?
A: In addition to the nightly rate, there is a one-time departure cleaning fee, as well as required state and local taxes. Current tax charges are:
Tax – 0.5% Davidson County Local Options Sales Tax Surcharge
Tax – 7% Davidson County Sales Tax
Tax – 9.25% Tennessee State Sales Tax
Tax – $2.50 per night Tennessee Occupancy Tax
We do not add resort fees or hidden charges—only the above apply.

Q: IS THERE A DAMAGE DEPOSIT. 
A: Yes, we place a $500 pre-authorization hold on your card before arrival. It works just like a hotel—nothing is charged unless there’s damage, and if all is well, the hold is released shortly after checkout.

Q: ARE YOU AFFILIATED WITH MARKETING CHANNEL FEES?
A: No. If your inquiry came through a marketing channel, their service fees are strictly between you and them. We are not affiliated with their charges.

Q: DO YOU HAVE A GYM ON SITE?
A: We do not have a gym. However, several gyms in downtown Nashville offer day passes for out-of-town guests. QNTM Fit Life offers 1–2 day passes and weekly options, and Anytime Fitness allows drop-in visits. Printers Alley Lofts is not affiliated with these gyms.

Q: DO YOU HAVE A POOL OR GRILL?
A: Printers Alley Lofts does not offer a pool. Some lofts do feature a grill and/or private outdoor space:
Gallery Loft – private patio
Grand Loft – private balcony
Printers Alley Penthouse – large terrace with seating and grill
In addition, there is a common area patio with tables and chairs available for all guests of Printers Alley Lofts, located at the entrance of our main Printers Alley Lofts building.

Q: WILL IT BE NOISY SINCE THE LOFTS ARE DOWNTOWN?
A: Our building is located in the heart of Downtown Nashville. While our windows are STC-rated and block most noise, some city sounds may still be heard. We seldom receive complaints, but want guests to be aware of our central location. We cannot assume responsibility for external factors such as nearby events, construction, or nightlife.

Q: ARE PETS ALLOWED?
A: Dogs only are permitted, with a non-refundable pet fee of $75 per dog plus taxes (maximum of 2 dogs). No other animals are allowed.

Q: WHO HANDLES MAINTENANCE?
A: Printers Alley Lofts is a multi-residential complex where building management oversees amenities, shared spaces, and exterior maintenance. This includes plumbing, electrical, and HVAC. Please note that these items follow building protocols and timelines for resolution.

Q: ARE THERE GROCERY STORES AND LIQUOR STORES NEARBY PRINTERS ALLEY?
A: Yes! Here are the closest options within walking distance or a quick drive from the lofts:
GROCERY STORES
Savi Provisions – 0.2 miles (4-min walk)
Whole Foods – 0.7 miles (15-min walk / 5-min drive)
Publix – 1.0 mile (20-min walk / 6-min drive)
Corner Market (mini-mart) – 0.2 miles (4-min walk)
LIQUOR STORES
Music City Wine & Spirits – 0.2 miles (4-min walk)
Metropolitan Wines – 0.3 miles (5-min walk)
SoBro Wine & Spirits – 0.5 miles (10-min walk / 3-min drive)
The Library Fine Wine & Spirits – 0.4 miles (8-min walk)
Frugal MacDoogal Warehouse – 1.0 mile (20-min walk / 5-min drive)

Q: IS THERE ICE IN THE REFRIGERATOR?
A: For sanitary reasons, the ice makers in the fridges are turned off, as we dump the bins after each checkout to ensure cleanliness. Since the ice makers can’t replenish quickly enough for our back-to-back bookings, we keep them off. No worries—you can grab a bag of ice just half a block away at the nearby mini mart.

Q. WHAT TYPE OF COFFEE MAKER IS THERE?
A. We have a traditional drip coffee maker in each loft with a reusable mesh filter (not a Keurig).

Guest access
☆ Our property manager will personally greet you at check-in and share tips about the loft and Nashville.

☆ You’ll set your own private access code—secure, keyless entry with no keys to worry about.

☆ Guests enjoy the entire loft privately, while the lobby is shared.

Other things to note
★ FEATURES & AMENITIES

☆ 1 Private Bedroom – Relax in style with a plush king-size bed, premium linens, and cozy touches designed for comfort.
☆ 1 Full Bathroom – Modern fixtures and fresh towels, offering everything you need to refresh after a day in Music City.
☆ Spacious 573 sq. ft. Loft – Bright, open layout featuring funky art, chic décor, and modern furnishings that bring character and comfort together.
☆ Fully Equipped Kitchen – Cook like home with full-size appliances, cookware, dishes, and utensils — perfect for quick breakfasts or late-night snacks.
☆ Floor-to-Ceiling Windows – Enjoy natural light and sweeping views of downtown Nashville, day and night.
☆ Smart TV – Stream your favorite shows and movies with ease.
☆ High-Speed WiFi – Stay connected with fast, reliable internet for work or streaming.
☆ Climate Control – Central air conditioning and heating to keep you comfortable year-round.
☆ Washer & Dryer Onsite – Convenient access to laundry facilities during your stay.
☆ Shared Outdoor Patio – A welcoming space with seating for morning coffee, evening drinks, or casual conversation.
☆ 24/7 Guest Support – Our team is always available to assist, ensuring a stress-free experience.
☆ Concierge Services – From dining reservations to activity recommendations, let us help you make the most of your trip.
☆ Prime Downtown Location – Steps away from Nashville’s dining, nightlife, and live music venues, right in historic Printers Alley.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sleep With Us Properties LLC
Host User ID: 713317515
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/713317515
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 95%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
66 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting