URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1249901062425643707
Latitude: 36.155
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Music City Casino – Nashville’s finest stay! Just an 8-min walk to Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, Music City Center, Country Music Hall of Fame & all the top spots!
Enjoy stunning city views from our large private balcony! corner unit features unique themed rooms and the ultimate party space, designed for the best Nashville experience.
🍽️ Fully equipped kitchen, stocked supplies, coffee bar, comfy beds, and premium linens await you.
enjoy FREE parking in secure, gated Priority garage !

The space
🎰 Welcome to Music City Casino – Where Nashville Meets Vegas in Style! 🃏
Unit #523 | Burnham Building | Downtown Nashville
Step into the ultimate party pad in the heart of downtown! Designed to bring the electric energy of Vegas right to Music City, this Top-Notched Corner Unit is more than a stay — it’s an experience. Perfectly located just an 8-minute walk to Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, Ryman, and all of Nashville’s finest, your unforgettable trip starts here.
💥 Why You'll Love It (aka, Your Jackpot Stay):
🎲 FULL Casino Vibes – Poker table, Blackjack, Roulette, Slot Machine, drinking games & a stocked bar setup
🏙️ Massive Private Balcony – Best city views in the building, ideal for pregame or late-night hangs
🛋️ Corner Unit = Extra Space – Most spacious layout in the Burnham with high-end finishes
🛏️ Sleeps up to 8 – Luxe beds + bonus sleeping options for the whole crew
🚗 FREE Gated Parking – 1 included space in secure garage
📍 Walk to Everything – Broadway, Honky-Tonks, Music City Center, and more right outside your door
🔥 Perfect for Celebrations – Bachelor/Bachelorette parties, birthday weekends, or just an epic getaway
🎉 The Ultimate Hangout Zone – Living Room Party Lounge
Welcome to your personal Vegas lounge — without the flight.
LED + Neon lighting to set the perfect mood
Lounge-style sectional, large Smart TV, and booming Bluetooth speaker
Poker Table (seats 8), Blackjack Table, Roulette Corner – complete with chips, cards, and accessories
Arcade-style Slot Machine to keep the good times rolling
Custom bar cart, cocktail station, and fun drinking games
This isn’t just a living room — it’s a full-blown casino-style experience.
🍳 Fully Stocked Kitchen & Dining Space
Stainless steel appliances, cookware, dishes, utensils
Keurig Coffee Maker + complimentary pod selection
Dining table perfect for meals or poker snacks
🛌 Sleep Like a High Roller – 2 Luxe Bedrooms + Bonus Beds
Primary Bedroom
King bed with luxury linens
Ensuite bathroom with walk-in shower
Huge walk-in closet with extra pillows, blankets, queen air mattress, and twin rollaway
Full toiletry setup
Guest Bedroom
2 Queen beds with premium bedding
Spacious closet + shared Jack & Jill bathroom with full amenities
🧴 Both bathrooms stocked with shampoo, conditioner, body wash, hair dryer, and extra TP
🌇 Epic Balcony Views
Right off the living room, you’ll find a stylish bar-style patio with seating for 5 and breathtaking city views—ideal for happy hour, nightcaps, or fresh air after a night out.
🧺 In-Unit Extras
Washer & dryer
Dishwasher
Iron + ironing board
🏢 Burnham Building Amenities (aka, the Encore):
🏊‍♂️ Swimming Pool – Open year-round
💪 Rock-Climbing Gym – For high-energy workouts
🔥 Outdoor Fireplace – Perfect for winding down under the stars
🍖 Grill Area & Courtyard – Ideal for group hangs
🌇 Sky Lounges – Stunning views, perfect for sunset drinks
🛋️ Common Hangout Areas – Chill zones for downtime between outings
🌟 Location Highlights – All Within Walking Distance:
Lower Broadway & Honky-Tonks
Ryman Auditorium
Bridgestone Arena
Ascend Amphitheater
Music City Center
Top restaurants, rooftop bars, and coffee shops
🛎️ Services That Go the Extra Mile:
24/7 Emergency Maintenance
Bellhop Baggage Service
Overnight Security Staff
🚘 One parking space included. Additional garage space available for purchase if needed.

💬 From Your Host:
We created Music City Casino to be more than just a stay—it’s a vibe. From the custom game setup to the unbeatable location and skyline views, this space was built for celebrations, connection, and good times.
Have questions or special requests? We’re always just a message away and happy to help!

Guest access
This entire apartment complex along with this unit is accessed by a keyless smartphone entry system called Latch. Please be sure to have it download and watch the tutorial from the link in the email prior to your trip to ensure smooth check-in procedures.  Please keep your phone charged up and have it with you at all times since it is required to access the building and the unit.

If you plan to arrive prior to check-in or leave later than your check-out time and need a place to store your baggage, Baggage Bellhop is available onsite 7 days/week 9AM - 5 PM

Other things to note
Please Note:
While we always strive to provide a comfortable and positive living experience, there are certain factors beyond our personal control that we want to clarify:
We are not responsible for external variables outside of this building, such as noise, construction, or private/public events happening nearby.
This property is part of a larger complex managed by building management, who oversee:
Common areas and shared spaces
Exterior maintenance
Interior maintenance of physical systems and appliances (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, HVAC, and drywall)
When it comes to maintenance requests or issues, we are required to follow the building’s procedures and timelines. We will always do our best to communicate and advocate on your behalf, but please understand that resolution times are ultimately determined by the building’s management and service teams.

This is a multi-unit building, and there may be other guests staying in neighboring units.
While we expect everyone to be respectful, we cannot control the behavior of other guests, including potential noise.
If excessive noise occurs after quiet hours, you may report it directly to the building’s overnight security, who are available to assist.
Thank you for your understanding and cooperation! If you have any questions or concerns ahead of your stay, feel free to reach out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Phubodee
Host User ID: 549157111
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/549157111
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
My work: Hosting
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
3 years hosting
1511 reviews
4.72 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting