URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/23091861
Latitude: 36.14274
Longitude: -86.76196
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 14
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Up to 20 guests!! Located in Chestnut Hill, this listing aggregates 2 separate townhomes in the same gated community. This large listing is perfect for your professional getaways! A 2 min Lyft/Uber ride will get you downtown to our convention center! Sports fan? NFL titans home Nissan Stadium and NHL Predators home Bridgestone arena 5 min away! The Gulch, home to some of Nashville’s best restaurants, will keep your group dinning is style and is also only minutes away from most attractions!

The space
Welcome to our Luxury Duplex Retreat, where modern comfort meets the vibrant charm of Nashville! Located just 1 mile from Broadway, this gated community property combines two fully equipped units, providing the ultimate space for large groups seeking unforgettable experiences. Designed to accommodate up to 20 guests, it's perfect for family reunions, friend gatherings, weddings, or corporate retreats.

★ Features of Each Unit ★

• Sleeping Arrangements:
o Unit 1: 2 Bedrooms, 10 Beds, Sleeps 10.
o Unit 2: 2 Bedrooms, 10 Beds, Sleeps 10.
o Total: 4 Bedrooms, 20 Beds (2 King Beds, 4 Queen beds, 2 bunk beds, 3 Queen Sofa Beds), and Rollout Beds and air mattresses available.

• Living Spaces:
o Spacious open-floor layouts with stylish décor.
o Comfortable seating areas perfect for gathering and relaxing.
o Smart TVs with access to all the streaming services like Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime, and more.

• Kitchens & Dining:
o Fully equipped kitchens with stainless steel appliances.
o Dining areas for group meals.

• Bathrooms:
o 2 Full Bathrooms and 1 Half Bathrooms in each unit.

★ Outdoor Features ★

• Private outdoor lounges and balconies perfect for morning coffee or evening cocktails.
• 2 Reserved parking spaces for multiple vehicles and plenty ample street parking.

★ Neighborhood Highlights ★

• Located 1 mile from Downtown and Broadway’s iconic live music and attractions.
• Minutes from Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, the Country Music Hall of Fame, 12 South, and The Gulch.
• Enjoy trendy dining, boutique shopping, and vibrant nightlife nearby.

★ Additional Amenities ★

• High-speed Wi-Fi in both units.
• In-unit laundry facilities.
• Keyless entry for seamless access.
• Gated Complex

Book your stay at this one-of-a-kind duplex retreat and make your Nashville visit truly unforgettable! Whether you're here for the music, food, or vibrant culture, our property provides the perfect home base for your adventure.

Guest access
You will enjoy exclusive access to the townhouse, including private bedrooms, kitchens, and stunning outdoor lounges. Every amenity is designed to offer privacy and comfort while accommodating large groups with ease.

Access to the unit is keyless with a code that will be provided to you 24 hours before you check in.

Other things to note
★★★★ GREAT FOR LARGE GROUPS ★★★★

We own the majority of the complex. There are 6 large beautiful NEW townhomes with the capability of holding up to 62 guests. 3 of the units have rooftops. We have accommodation that can fit any group size, so please inquire and we will find the best option for you!
Book now to enjoy the perfect balance of vibrant city living and luxurious comfort in Nashville!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Guy And Itay
Host User ID: 158629193
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/158629193
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
711 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting