URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1519020573061151821
Latitude: 36.15551
Longitude: -86.81947
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 24
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover this expansive Nashville retreat featuring two full homes side by side, offering 24 beds, multiple kitchens, rooftop lounges, and spacious layouts ideal for large gatherings. Enjoy modern amenities, 2-car garages, and plenty of space to relax, connect, and celebrate before heading downtown—just minutes away. Whether you’re exploring the city’s vibrant scene or staying in to unwind, this retreat delivers the ultimate mix of convenience, comfort, and style.

The space
2 Connected Homes- 
Side by side properties. You will have access to both homes. 
Modern Luxury ★ Sleeps Large Groups ★2 Massive Rooftop Deck

Welcome to your classic Nashville escape! These spacious homes features high-end designer finishes throughout — from hardwood floors and granite countertops to stainless steel appliances and custom lighting.

✔️ Sleeps large groups comfortably
• 8 Bedrooms: 2 King, 10 Queen, and 12 Single beds
• 8 Full Bedrooms

✔️2 Fully stocked modern kitchen – gas range, stainless steel appliances, and everything you need to cook and entertain

✔️ 2- 2 Car Garages for safe and secure parking that's always available (4 total garage spaces). Also free street parking.

✔️ 2 Huge Rooftop terraces – perfect for sunset views and gathering

✔️ Smart TVs – stream your favorite shows in multiple

✔️ Nashville Guitar mural, picture perfect moment

Both homes have identical floor plans-
FLOOR PLAN:
1st Floor- 6 twin beds and a full bathroom
2nd Floor- kitchen, living room, 2 queen beds, and a full bathroom
3rd Floor- Primary bedroom with king bed and full bath, additional room with 3 queen beds and a full bath
4th Floor- Rooftop

All of this makes for a perfect home base for families, groups, or corporate stays.

Prime Location ★ Easy Access to Music City Hotspots

You’re just minutes from Nashville’s best attractions, restaurants, and nightlife. Uber or Lyft puts everything within easy reach:

2–4 Minutes:
• The Parthenon & Centennial Park
• Climb Nashville
• Dozens of great restaurants, bars & breweries

5–8 Minutes:
• Broadway & Honky Tonk Central
• The Gulch
• Nissan Stadium (Titans games – join our tailgate!)
• Bridgestone Arena (Predators hockey, concerts)
• Top Golf
• First Tennessee Park (Nashville Sounds)
• Ascend Amphitheater
• Ryman Auditorium

10–15 Minutes:
• Nashville International Airport (BNA)
• Gaylord Opryland Resort & The Grand Ole Opry

You can even walk to Pastaria, Avo, Sump Coffee, Sandbar and the Nashville Brewing Company – all under 10 minutes on foot!

Come enjoy the perfect mix of location, comfort, and fun — your unforgettable Nashville stay starts here.

Guest access
You'll receive a personalized access code before check-in for smooth, keyless entry. During your stay, you’ll have full access to the entire home — all living spaces, bedrooms, the rooftop terrace, and the game room are yours to enjoy. Access will end promptly at check-out time.

Other things to note
TWO HOMES - LARGE GROUPS:
This listing gives access to two homes. You will be given access to each home. These homes do not have a connection inside, but can be accessed through the front doors. 

CHECK-IN: 4PM & CHECK-OUT 10AM:
We may be able to provide an early check-in or a late check-out for an additional fee only if our schedule allows and hosts pre-approve in advance. The early check-in or late check-out additional accommodations start at $300. We can not accept any requests made within 5 days of your trip or during your stay because our cleaners are scheduled in advance and their schedules can not be changed last minute. Please pre-arrange in advance. 

NO LOCALS:
We do not rent to locals who live Nashville or who live within 60 miles. Please do not book our home if you are local or plan to have locals visiting. We reserve the right to cancel any reservation without refund of any local who books our home. Thank you! 

SECURITY:
There are multiple cameras located on the outside of each home. There are 3 cameras by each front door, one camera near each garage, and one rooftop camera. All of these record both sound and audio. There are absolutely no cameras inside the home. These are there for your safety and protection.

DOGS:
We happily welcome 1-2 well-behaved, house-trained adult dogs to stay in our home. We ask that all dogs be crated when left alone in our home, so please bring a crate with you. To ensure a smooth process, all dogs must be discussed and pre-approved by host within 24 hours of booking. Please be sure to add them to your reservation. $100 flat pet fee applies for up to two dogs. We regret to inform you that dogs under 1 year old, cats, or other animals are not allowed. Be please respectful and clean up after your dog(s) in our yard to avoid a fine. Any damage from pet will guests responsibility as an inspection will occur at check-out.

GUESTS WILL NEED TO USE STAIRS:
These 4-story homes have many stairs. Guests will need to use stairs during their stay. We are happy to host children, but it's important to note that our home is not childproofed and has many stairs. Please supervise children at all times.

A lot of time, care, and money has been put into these homes that we LOVE. We only want to have the best guests who will respect our property and neighbors. If you've made it this far on the listing and have questions, please send us an inquiry!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dylan
Host User ID: 667320951
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/667320951
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lead Property Manager for Stay Nashville, LLC. 

A bit about me, I’m married to my beautiful wife Rylee and we have a daughter named Mabel. I’m passionate about my church, Holy Saints, CrossFit, and enjoying life to the fullest. I love to read, explore new ideas, and explore new places, especially when it means being outdoors. My faith is my foundation, and I strive to live for the Lord daily. Life’s a thrilling ride, and I’m here to embrace it all with gratitude!.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Lipscomb University
2 years hosting