URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1737012857399091189
Latitude: 36.1614
Longitude: -86.80243
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Your Nashville Home Away From Home

Whether you're visiting Nashville for live music, business, sporting events, or a family getaway, this thoughtfully designed home offers the perfect combination of comfort, convenience, and location. Just minutes from Downtown, Broadway, Music Row, and The Gulch, you'll be close to everything Music City has to offer while enjoying a comfortable retreat to unwind after a day of exploring.

The space
The Space

Thoughtfully designed across three levels, this spacious home provides the perfect balance of privacy and inviting shared spaces, making it ideal for families, friends, and business travelers alike.

The main floor serves as the heart of the home, featuring a bright and welcoming living room where everyone can gather to relax, watch movies, or unwind after a day in the city. The dining area comfortably accommodates group meals, while the fully equipped kitchen makes everything from quick breakfasts to home-cooked dinners effortless.

A convenient half bathroom is also located on the main floor.

The downstairs level features a spacious king bedroom and a second bedroom with a bunk bed that includes one full-size bed and one twin-size bed perfect for children, friends, or additional guests. A full bathroom and a dedicated vanity/workspace provide extra convenience for larger groups.

The upstairs level offers a private queen bedroom with its own full bathroom, creating a peaceful retreat for couples or guests seeking additional privacy. Like every level of the home, it also includes a dedicated vanity/workspace, making it easy to get ready for the day or work comfortably during your stay.

Every bedroom includes its own Smart TV, allowing guests to relax with their favorite shows after exploring Nashville. Fast high-speed Wi-Fi is available throughout the property, making remote work, video calls, and streaming effortless.

Whether you're staying for a weekend or an extended visit, every detail has been designed to help you feel at home.

Guest Access

Guests enjoy exclusive access to the entire home throughout their stay.

Take advantage of convenient self check-in, private parking, fast Wi-Fi, a fully equipped kitchen, Smart TVs in every bedroom, washer and dryer, central heating and air conditioning, and dedicated workspaces on every floor.

You'll have everything you need to settle in and enjoy Nashville from the moment you arrive.

The Neighborhood

Located in one of Nashville's most convenient areas, you'll be just minutes from the city's best entertainment, dining, universities, and attractions.

Nearby you'll find:

🎵 Broadway Entertainment District

🎸 Music Row

🍸 The Gulch

🏙 Downtown Nashville

🏒 Bridgestone Arena

🎤 Ryman Auditorium

🎼 Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum

🏢 Music City Center

🎓 Vanderbilt University

🏛 Centennial Park & The Parthenon

Traveling by air? Nashville International Airport (BNA) is approximately 15 minutes away, making arrivals and departures quick and convenient.

Whether you're in town for concerts, sporting events, conventions, university visits, or simply to experience Nashville's legendary music scene, you'll be perfectly positioned to enjoy everything Music City has to offer.

Book Your Nashville Stay

From live music and award-winning restaurants to unforgettable attractions and vibrant nightlife, Nashville offers something for every traveler.

After a day exploring the city, return to a comfortable home designed with convenience, relaxation, and memorable stays in mind.

We look forward to welcoming you to Music City!

Guest access
Guest Access

Guests have exclusive access to the entire home throughout their stay.

Enjoy the convenience of secure self check-in and private parking, allowing you to arrive on your own schedule and explore Nashville with ease.

Other things to note
PARKING: 

There is 1 designated parking space, with additional parking available behind it

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting