URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/696886403811016526
Latitude: 36.1459
Longitude: -86.7824
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Private rooftop views, a plunge pool, and an unbeatable Gulch location make The Gulch House the perfect Nashville getaway. This spacious retreat features a rooftop designed for gathering, a backyard lounge, and thoughtfully appointed living spaces for relaxing in style. Just minutes from Broadway, top restaurants, shopping, and live music, it's perfect for family vacations, group getaways, celebrations, and business retreats. 🌆

The space
This home boasts a range of fantastic amenities, including a backyard plunge pool and a gourmet kitchen designed for large groups. The spacious bonus room is a standout feature, complete with shuffleboard and an upgraded rooftop lounge. For an elevated experience, enjoy breathtaking downtown views from the rooftop, easily accessible via a private elevator. This exceptional home is ready to host you and your guests for the ultimate group getaway.

Highlights You'll Love:
◆ Located within walking distance of the Gulch! 
◆ Rooftop terrace with outdoor fireplace, ample seating, and downtown views (fireworks for 4th of July!)
◆ Plunge Pool (Fits up to 8 people).
◆ Backyard features firepit, additional dining area, and a pellet smoker
◆ Spacious bonus room featuring a 65-inch TV, Shuffleboard, and mini bar.
◆ Top-of-the-line kitchen for crafting exquisite meals, morning coffee, and everything in between
◆ Multiple Smart TVs throughout the house with access to your favorite streaming services
◆ Office space with 2 desks for those needing a WFH experience.
◆ 3-car driveway, and ample free street parking.
◆ Dog-friendly: $150 pet fee for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions

Sleeping Arrangements:
Second Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - Queen bed + Full bath in hallway nearby

Third Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 2 - Queen bed + Queen bed+ Private Bath
◆ Bedroom 3 - King Bed + 2 Day Beds with Trundles (4 twin bedrooms) + Private Bath + Smart TV

Fourth Floor:
◆ Bedroom 4 - King bed + Private Bath
◆ Bonus Room - Queen air mattress + Large couch (sleeps two) + Half Bath

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The Gulch House for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Backyard & Pool (Shared Space)
The backyard and plunge pool are shared with the property owner, who lives in the adjacent residence. During most guest stays, the homeowner does not use the backyard, allowing you to enjoy the space privately. The only routine exception is occasional access to water the landscaping.

If the homeowner would like to use the backyard or pool during your stay, we will always contact you in advance to request your permission before any use. We believe in being transparent so you know exactly what to expect and can enjoy a comfortable, relaxing stay.

Security Cameras:
For your safety and peace of mind, the home is equipped with exterior security cameras. A 24/7 motion-activated Ring camera with audio and video recording monitors the front door only. An additional exterior camera is located in the backyard and records entrances only. There are no cameras inside the home, and your indoor privacy is fully respected.

Stairs & Layout:
This home features four floors of interior living space with multiple flights of stairs throughout. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor. An elevator is available, but guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay if they choose not to use it.

Registration Details
2022056140

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5412 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting