URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1695132659010784549
Latitude: 36.2445
Longitude: -86.712
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★The Magic Cottage★ is a whimsical 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom, 2-story hideaway in Nashville’s Madison neighborhood, where up to 10 guests can settle into 2,100 sq ft of cozy, creative charm. With its eclectic design, warm gathering spaces, and a private hot tub tucked into the experience, this home feels like a little enchanted escape just minutes from the city’s buzz.

The space
What We Love About ★The Magic Cottage★...
*Warm, artistic cabin-style design with natural light throughout and a cozy, inviting atmosphere
*Outdoor spaces featuring a relaxing hot tub, private backyard seating, and charming garden areas.
*Spacious layout with multiple gathering areas including living room, sunroom, office space, and loft 
*Flexible sleeping setup ideal for groups, including a king suite, queen bedroom, a dedicated office/bedroom with a full-size bed, loft with twin beds, and a sofa bed.
*Prime Madison location just minutes from Nashville shopping, dining, and entertainment

Inside, the main level opens into a bright, airy living room that seamlessly flows into a well-appointed kitchen featuring custom countertops, stainless steel appliances, and a bar seating area ideal for casual meals or entertaining. The adjacent dining area and additional service bar provide even more space for hosting.  The main level also features a dedicated office area, a relaxation room, and a bright sunroom that adds a unique spa-like touch with its included shampoo bowl. A Peloton bike is also available for guest use, making it easy to keep up your cycling routine during your stay—just bring your cycling shoes if you have them. The primary suite is located on this level and offers a king bed along with a spa-inspired bathroom complete with a walk-in steam shower and oversized soaking tub.

Upstairs, you’ll find a queen bedroom, a second bedroom with an office setup and full-size bed, and a full hallway bathroom with a walk-in shower. The loft serves as a cozy mini-theater and additional sleeping area, featuring a twin bed and two twin trifold mattresses for flexible accommodations, along with a conveniently located laundry room.

Outdoor living is a highlight of this home, featuring a private backyard with comfortable seating, a relaxing hot tub, and peaceful garden areas, creating a well-balanced space for rest and enjoyment.

Located in the heart of Madison, this home offers a peaceful escape just outside of Nashville—close enough to dip into the energy, yet far enough to unwind. Start your day with coffee and local finds just minutes away, spend the afternoon browsing Opry Mills, and head downtown (about 10 miles) for live music, neon lights, and unforgettable nights before returning to your own cozy retreat.

The Magic Cottage offers a one-of-a-kind stay where comfort, character, and convenience come together seamlessly.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property.

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home. Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home. We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay. In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee. Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver. It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay. The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior. Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!). Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage. The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines.

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Fun fact: Been in multiple earthquakes together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23140 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting