URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/964561745830436069
Latitude: 36.15406
Longitude: -86.77607
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your downtown Nashville stay - a comfortable condo just steps from the city’s top attractions, with relaxing poolside views and a private balcony to unwind after a day out.

- Sleeps 4 | 1 bedroom | 2 beds | 1 bath
- Outdoor pool, shared gym & co-working space
- Private balcony w/ city skyline views
- Full kitchen, in-unit washer & dryer
- Smart TV, Wifi & dedicated workspace
- Paid parking on premises available

The space
Morning light filters through large windows as you ease into the day, coffee in hand, with views stretching across the city skyline and down toward the pool below. Step out onto your private balcony to take in the crisp Nashville air, or settle into the living space where soft seating and a Smart TV invite a relaxed start before heading out to explore downtown. Just minutes away, the energy of Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and nearby neighborhoods is always within easy reach.

Sleeping arrangements
The one-bedroom layout comfortably hosts up to four guests. The bedroom features a queen-sized bed with cotton linens and extra pillows and blankets for added comfort. In the living room, a sofa bed offers additional sleeping space, making it easy for small groups or families to settle in after a day in the city.

Living space & comfort
The living area is designed for both downtime and connection, with a TV and inviting seating arranged near large windows that open to the balcony. Central air conditioning and heating keep the space comfortable year-round. You’ll also have the convenience of a free washer and dryer in the unit, along with essentials like an iron and dedicated clothing storage.

Kitchen & dining
A full kitchen gives you the flexibility to prepare meals during your stay, whether you’re starting the day with something simple or winding down with dinner at home. The space is equipped with stainless steel appliances and everything needed for cooking and dining.

Work & connectivity
Wifi is available throughout the apartment, and a dedicated workspace is located in a common space within the building - a convenient option when you need to catch up on work or plan your next outing.

Building amenities
The building offers a range of shared amenities to enhance your stay. Take advantage of the outdoor pool, shared gym, and co-working areas, or spend time in the courtyard spaces featuring outdoor furniture and a fire pit. Elevator access makes getting around the building easy, and self check-in via lockbox allows for a smooth arrival.

Parking & access
Paid parking is available on premises and off premises, including a garage option under the building for $35 per night. Additional parking options may be available at varying costs.

Location
Situated in the heart of Downtown Nashville, you’re within walking distance of some of the city’s most iconic destinations. Music City Center is just 0.2 miles away, Bridgestone Arena is 0.4 miles, and Broadway’s live music scene is 0.7 miles from your door. Nissan Stadium is 1.3 miles away, and The Gulch is about a 15-minute walk.

Things to know
A private entrance is not included. Exterior security cameras are located on the property, with devices positioned only in the lobby. 

* Dedicated workspace is in the common area on the first floor, not in the actual unit.

* Amenities such as the pool, grills, gym, courtyard, and fire pits are subject to closure. While this rarely occurs, please note this before booking as we are unable to provide refunds for any instances as such.

* We are not responsible for any uncontrolled variables outside of this building such as noise, private or public events, construction, etc that may be happening outside at the time of your trip. This is a multifamily complex whose ownership controls the amenities/common areas and exterior/shared interior spaces and maintenance of appliances and interior physical conditions of the apartment (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, Pool, hvac, drywall, etc) and as such items are out of our personal control. We are bound to abide by the building's protocol when it comes to maintenance issues and timelines to address. All other items we personally take care of. We are able to control everything within the apartment itself to make sure you have the best experience possible in Nashville.

* NO EVENTS OR PARTIES
* NO Third party bookings (primary guest must be present)
* NO SMOKING
* NO PETS
(All rules broken are subject to fines)

Guest access
Guests have access to all of Sen+rals luxury amenities including a fully-equipped gym, rooftop saltwater (heated!) pool and fire pits (located on the 3rd floor). You also receive access to entertainment spaces such as cozy lounges, outdoor kitchen and modern co-working space.

A key fob is assigned upon check-in for access to the room and building.

Other things to note
Please Note: While we strive to provide a comfortable and enjoyable stay, we are not responsible for the maintenance or availability of building amenities such as the pool, gym, elevator, or laundry facilities, as these are managed by the building. Refunds will not be issued for any amenity that is unavailable or out of service during your stay

There is a key locker system for key retrieval that's simple to use. Instructions will be sent prior to check-in.

Pets – no pets of any kind allowed in the apartment. If noticed the building will fine $500.00 since my unit is not registered as having a pet on premises. You will not receive access to apartment if you have any pets. Guests will not receive refund for stay.*

Lost or unreturned Key Cafe Keys  - $300

Building amenities/common spaces are shared with other guests in the building.

STR Permit number:T2022050230.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Patti And Sean
Host User ID: 522369451
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/522369451
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
With a passion for hospitality and commitment to excellence, I strive to create unique, comfortable, and memorable experiences for all of my guests. Each property under my management is thoughtfully curated with modern amenities, local touches, and personalized services that exceed expectations.
Born in the 60s
My work: Airbnb Superhost
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
703 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting