URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/53646758
Latitude: 36.32851
Longitude: -87.02877
rental_type: Entire place
property_type: OTHER
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Ashland City, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Magical in all seasons! Soothe your soul with an unforgettable escape, surrounded by nature and suspended twenty feet above a babbling brook! Listen to the rushing water and the bamboo whispering in the breeze, take in a sunset, or wade in the creek below. We hope you’ll enjoy this unique covered bridge conversion, expanding from bank to bank with a 50-foot front deck. Breakfast provided the first day includes fresh fruit, a half dozen eggs, and muffins, coffee and tea.

The space
Inside you’ll find every cozy comfort. Designed with a contemporary farmhouse feel, the space includes a small library and entryway, a living area and kitchenette (with hide-a-bed sofa), a luxurious bathroom, and a back bedroom divided by a three-quarter wall with French doors facing the rolling meadows of the horse farm next door. The mid-century modern furniture includes a queen-sized bed, a vintage queen-sized hide-a-bed sofa, a 4-seater tulip table, a writing desk, and reading nooks stocked with games, puzzles, books, and DVDs chosen with care. Out back, enjoy a secluded area with a private fire pit, a charcoal grill, and Adirondack chairs. This serene, special place is perfect for nature-lovers, artists, honeymooners, and small families.  (We prefer guests over the age of 22; if you are younger please list your age and a little bit about your trip because we do occasionally make exceptions. No bachelor or bachelorette parties please.)

If you are looking to accommodate a larger group, please consider booking our other airbnb listing on our five-acre property as well: "Peaceful Boutique Retreat."

Guest access
You have complete private access to the Bridge House, the full deck, and the property behind it, about thirty feet, the property line marked with a rope and LED lanterns. Our house is nearby, so we have a shared driveway, a shared front and back lawn, but you will have access to the picnic table, lawns, and you are welcome to walk up the mountain behind our house or anywhere on the five acres. You’ll probably only see us around when we are working in the yard or playing with our dogs—let us know if you'd like us to introduce them (dachshund and pittie puppy). We have a second airbnb in the ground floor of our home that will occasionally be rented, but they too have their private spaces and will never be in your area. We've designed the bridge house with no windows facing our house—all windows face the creek or the horse farm behind for ultimate privacy. If bridge house is booked, feel free to view our other listing: Peaceful Boutique Retreat in Ashland City.

Other things to note
The History:  When my husband and I moved to Ashland City in 2020 from NYC, we fell in love with the property and the covered bridge, and it was my dream to convert it to a guesthouse and create a sanctuary for myself, my friends, and to share with others, and we have put our heart and soul—and some muscle—into the conversion! Built as a working bridge in 1985, tractors and vehicles of all kinds passed over it. The bridge was covered in 2008 with open air windows for fishing. About a decade later during a hurricane the covered bridge was invaded by flocks of blackbirds taking cover—and they didn’t want to leave! After that experience the previous owner put on siding and used the bridge mostly for storage. When we came along we found it charming even then, and it became our passion project, just recently completed!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Christie
Host User ID: 2108374
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/2108374
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My husband and I moved from NYC to Ashland City in 2020 after falling in love with the natural beauty of the area. We enjoy welcoming others to our two Airbnbs on our five acres: Bridge House over Blue Spring Creek is a covered bridge converted to a guest house, and the Peaceful Boutique Retreat is a private "apartment" within our split-level home. We hope to give others a wonderful experience in well-designed spaces surrounded by lush nature.
Born in the 70s
Where I went to school: TCU in Fort Worth
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
14 years hosting
545 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
14 years of hosting