URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/722440394084154927
Latitude: 36.32663
Longitude: -87.02893
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Ashland City, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Beautiful in all seasons! Enjoy a relaxing escape surrounded by nature in our newly renovated boutique retreat! Modern farmhouse meets Scandinavian design in the private "apartment" on the ground floor of our split-level home. It has been our dream to share this space with guests, providing an oasis on five acres in the rolling hills just 30 min. from downtown Nashville. Perfect for artists, nature-lovers, families, and friends, we invite you to explore and unwind on our proper

The space
Inside you’ll find every cozy comfort. We’ve curated the space down to the last detail in this two-bedroom “apartment,” with antique furniture, original art, a plethora of games, books, and puzzles in our cozy living-room lounge, a well-stocked full kitchen with dishwasher and mini-fridge, and a bathroom with tub and shower. One bedroom has French doors to the porch and a queen-sized bed, while the other bedroom has a full-sized bed; both have writing desks. The wraparound front porch is for your personal use, with plenty of outdoor furniture, a porch swing, and a four-seater outdoor dining table. The property includes a rushing creek, a firepit, hammocks, an ample lawn, and two wooded acres behind the house—we hope you’ll enjoy relaxing, birdwatching, wading in the creek, reading in the hammock, or hiking up the forested hill behind our house. (Note: We find it's usually a better fit for folks 25 and over; if you are younger please list your age and a little bit about yourself and your trip because we do occasionally make exceptions. No bachelor or bachelorette parties please.)

If you are looking to accommodate a larger group, please consider booking our other airbnb on our five-acre property as well: "Bridge House over Blue Spring Creek."

Ashland City is a charming small town with coffee shops, a few restaurants, grocery stores, etc. all within a ten-minute drive. We are fifteen-minute drive from amazing hiking, horseback riding, and kayaking—not to mention all that amazing Nashville has to offer!

Guest access
The chic apartment is secluded from the rest of our house with private entrance, allowing you plenty of privacy, and your group will have exclusive use of the front wraparound porch as well as and the four-seater outdoor table under the cherry trees. Parts of the front and back yard are shared with my husband and I and our two friendly dogs (occasionally—they’re mostly indoor dogs), but we will be respectful of your space and time on the grounds. We do have another Airbnb on the property (Bridge House Over Blue Spring Creek) with its own private spaces. We hope you’ll make yourself comfortable enjoying your space indoors and out!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Christie
Host User ID: 2108374
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/2108374
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My husband and I moved from NYC to Ashland City in 2020 after falling in love with the natural beauty of the area. We enjoy welcoming others to our two Airbnbs on our five acres: Bridge House over Blue Spring Creek is a covered bridge converted to a guest house, and the Peaceful Boutique Retreat is a private "apartment" within our split-level home. We hope to give others a wonderful experience in well-designed spaces surrounded by lush nature.
Born in the 70s
Where I went to school: TCU in Fort Worth
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
14 years hosting
545 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
14 years of hosting