URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1205973033489474727
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a stylish and unique experience at this centrally-located place. This 434 square-foot private loft is located in the heart of downtown Nashville, TN, just 500 feet from The Music Entertainment District renowned for honky tonks and live country music!
The studio has queen bed and queen sleeper sofa for a total of 4 guests.

The space
Cozy studio in the midst of it all. This unit is on the same level as the pool. Walking distance from lots of restaurants and bars.
During your stay you'll enjoy exclusive access to a range of amenities.

Guest access
Access your home effortlessly through our keyless smartphone entry system called Latch.

For your convenience our Baggage Bellhop service is available onsite seven days a week from 9am to 5pm if you arrive early or depart later than your check -out.

To secure parking for your stay (35 per night), simply contact us at least 48 hours before check - in.

Immerse yourself in the Nashville experience at The Burnham - book your stay now.

Other things to note
This studio space is equipped with a queen bed and comfy linens, a queen size sofa sleeper for two, a fully stocked kitchen for cooking, in-unit washer and dryer, 55” TV with access to Netflix, Nespresso machine with complimentary pods for your morning brew, and a small splash of calm in a bustling city!

NOTE: The roller shades in this loft are completely private. You can see out, they cannot see in. (several guests have mistaken these for lacking privacy). We also have added double sets of black out curtains covering these windows also. 

This is not a room with a view. This studio is on the 2nd floor and has views of the parking garage. But hey, you are in Nashville! You are not here to stare out the window :) Go enjoy some live music 

Not only do we have an ★epic★ location, we have some of the trendiest, photo worthy common areas you will find in Nashville:

✔A two-story Collective with work spaces
✔Pool with sprawling patio and outdoor area
✔Cabana and grilling area
✔Fire pits
✔Sky lounge with deck and spectacular views
✔Two-story fitness center with Rock-Climbing Wall
✔On-site maintenance + concierge service
✔Starbucks just steps away from your front door
✔Baggage Bellhop luggage drop off service in lobby
Guest access
Self check-in at 4:00pm with keyless entry

Apartment #236
Other things to note
Guest Parking
✔Our guest parking has limited spaces that are first come first serve.
✔If you do not follow parking rules, this will results in booting charges, and wait times.

PREMIUM PARKING LOT:

✔We offer premium parking that is located behind the gates (Located off of Peabody Street).
✔Come and go as you please, and always have a place to park with a designated space.
✔We do have ★LIMITED★ availability, A designated space is $35 per day
✔Request a parking pass the morning of your stay. I will send you a PDF to print off before your visit. You must place it on your dash face up and only park in designated spot. Entry through the gated lot is done with Latch app.

★Remember, this is located in Downtown, Nashville and we are an airbnb friendly community. If you are looking for a quiet space for a quiet getaway this may not be your ideal stay. However, we do offer quiet work spaces located in the Collective off of the lobby.

★We are not responsible for any uncontrollable variables such as noise, private or public events, construction. This is a multifamily complex whose ownership controls the common areas and interior/exterior shared spaces as well as maintenance of interior appliances and physical conditions of the apartment (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, hvac, drywall, etc.). Such things are out of our personal control. We are forced to abide by the building's protocol when it comes to the maintenance issues and timelines.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Naomi
Host User ID: 144146596
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/144146596
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 70s
Lives in Charleston, South Carolina
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
141 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting