URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1307196581697848248
Latitude: 36.1603
Longitude: -86.8408
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Trendy Nations Sky Retreat! 

Experience Nashville’s coolest neighborhood from this stunning 2BR/2BA condo! 🎸 
Featuring a private Rooftop Sky Deck with panoramic views, this retreat is built for social groups. Walk to Fat Bottom Brewing and Frothy Monkey in minutes! Sleeps 8 with a chef’s kitchen 🍳, Queen bunk suite, and en-suite laundry. Includes FREE parking 🚗 and fast WiFi. 
Strictly no pets. The perfect stylish base for your Music City adventure! 🤠

STRP#2023.039563

The space
Welcome to the Heart of The Nations! 🎻

Elevate your Nashville stay in this beautifully curated, modern designer condo. Located in The Nations—Nashville’s most trend-forward and brewery-rich neighborhood—this space blends upscale comfort with an unmatched social layout. Whether you're roasting s'mores on the rooftop under the stars or whipping up a brunch spread at the massive granite island, every inch of this home is designed for the modern group traveler seeking a "local" Music City vibe.

💎 The Nations Advantage:

The Private Sky Deck: This is our crowning jewel. Enjoy a private rooftop escape featuring a comfy lounge seating, and incredible sunset views over one of Nashville’s most iconic neighborhoods.

Gourmet Social Kitchen: Designed for entertaining, the open-concept kitchen features hardwood floors, granite countertops, and stainless appliances. The large island with bar seating is the ultimate hub for group connection.

Walkable Local Paradise: Leave the car behind. You are in a "local's heaven," walking distance to over 50 restaurants, boutique shops, and world-class breweries without ever needing a ride.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown (Sleeps 8):

Bedroom 1 (Primary Retreat): 1 Plush Queen Bed + Spa-Inspired En-Suite Bathroom 👑🚿

Bedroom 2 (The Squad Suite): 2 Custom Queen Bunk Beds (Sleeps 4) 🛌🛌🛌🛌 (High-end comfort for the whole crew)

Living Room: 1 Comfortable Queen Sleeper Sofa 🛋️

Bathrooms: 2 Full Modern Bathrooms with provided starter amenities 🚿

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:
We make your arrival as smooth as a Tennessee whiskey.

Digital Keyless Entry: No physical keys to share or lose. You’ll receive a unique code created just for your group at least 48 hours prior to arrival.

Contactless & Effortless: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—ideal for staggered group arrivals.

Parking Situation: Enjoy the peace of mind of dedicated, free on-site parking for your group. 🚗

📍 Local Favorites & Tips (The Ultimate Nashville Guide):

Viral Eats & Local Hotspots:

NADC Burger: You have to try Jelly Roll’s favorite Wagyu burger in the Arcade! 🍔

Fat Bottom Brewing (3 min walk): Grab a pint and relax in their massive, dog-friendly beer garden.

Frothy Monkey (4 min walk): The neighborhood's top brunch spot—try the "Rosemary Honey Latte." ☕️

51st Deli: The local go-to for incredible tacos and the best sandwiches in the city. 🌮

Locust: A high-end, viral favorite for dumplings and seafood (book ahead!).

The Twelve Thirty Club: Justin Timberlake’s sophisticated multi-level spot downtown.

Hattie B’s: The legendary hot chicken experience that defines Nashville. 🔥

E+ROSE Wellness Cafe: Revitalizing plant-based bowls to fuel your adventure. 🌿

Major Sporting & Concert Venues:

Nissan Stadium: Home of the Titans and the biggest stadium concerts (10 mins away). 🏟️

Bridgestone Arena: Catch a Preds game or a world-class arena show (12 mins away).

GEODIS Park: The stunning home for Nashville SC soccer matches.

First Horizon Park: Enjoy a Nashville Sounds baseball game under the stars.

Iconic Concert Venues:

Ryman Auditorium: The "Mother Church" of country music (10 mins away). 🎸

Grand Ole Opry: A 15-minute drive to the show that made country music famous.

Ascend Amphitheater: Beautiful outdoor concerts right on the riverfront.

The Bluebird Cafe: The legendary listening room for top songwriters. 🎶

Top Golf Courses:

Hermitage Golf Course: Voted the #1 public course in Tennessee. ⛳️

Gaylord Springs Golf Links: A challenging par-72 course with stunning views.

McCabe Golf Course: A very popular 27-hole course just minutes away in Sylvan Park.

Shelby Park Golf Course: A scenic and historic 18-hole course.

Grocery & Essentials:

Kroger (The Nations): Your nearest full-service grocery for all the essentials (3 mins away). 🛒

The Turnip Truck: Your go-to for organic and local Nashville groceries.

Publix in the Gulch: A high-end grocery stop on your way into the neighborhood.

🐾 Pet Policy:

No Pets: This property is a strictly pet-free environment to ensure a pristine, allergy-free space for all guests. 🚫🐕

Guest access
🔐 Easy, Keyless Entry!
We use a secure keyless locking system, so there’s no need to carry (or lose!) a key. You’ll receive a unique house code created just for your group, sent with your check-in instructions a few weeks before arrival. Feel free to share the code with anyone in your group—it makes coming and going a breeze!

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting