Skip to content
Homes
Homes
Experiences
Experiences
Services
Services
Start your search
Location
Anywhere
Check in / Check out
Anytime
Guests
Add guests
Become a host
Tiny House on Lillian Alleyway
Share
Save
Show all photos
Photos
Amenities
Reviews
Location
Entire guesthouse in Nashville, Tennessee, United States
4 guests · 1 bedroom · 2 beds · 1 bath
Rated 4.9 out of 5 stars.
4.9
·
164 reviews
Hosted by Lori
Superhost · 11 years hosting
Listing highlights
In Lockeland Springs, near Shelby Park
Shelby Park is about a 5-min walk away, with cafes and restaurants along the surrounding streets
Private guesthouse with parking
A detached guesthouse with a covered carport, in-unit washer and dryer, and a full kitchen
A comfortable bed and a great host
Guests highlight the comfortable king bed, and many praise Lori for being responsive and helpful
Location cannot be beat!  Detached, super private one bedroom guesthouse with free private parking.  Walking distance to: 
💫Frothy Monkey- a coffee shop that serves delicious food through dinner
💫The Urban Cowboy- a much more expensive hotel that u might stay at another time🤣 - that has an awesome wine bar/ *usually* live music/ and amazing pizza
💫Lockeland Table- a delicious restaurant u should make reservations for now
💫Shelby park- beautiful greenway with a huge dog park and nature center.

The space
Approx 450 square feet w a *tiny* deck for u to relax and hang in between all your Nashville adventures.

Guest access
The guest house is accessible via the alleyway between Lillian and Fatherland.  It is unit “B” for all ur travel share needs.  There is a wooden fence behind the guesthouse that separates the bnb from another residence.  You may come and go as you please!

Other things to note
Please respect my neighbors as u would respect ur own.  Particularly w noise and parking.  Keep the party indoors during indoors hours and please do not block the alleyway.  If you drive a large vehicle - u will fit but it will b tight.  There is free on street parking all around just a short walk up the alleyway if u have more than one car.
Show more
Where you’ll sleep
Bedroom
1 king bed, 1 sofa bed, 1 couch, 2 air mattresses
What this place offers
Kitchen
Wifi
Free parking on premises
Pets allowed
TV with Roku
Free washer – In unit
Free dryer – In unit
Central air conditioning
Bathtub
Private patio or balcony
Show all 51 amenities
Accessibility features
This info was provided by the Host and reviewed by Airbnb.
Guest entrance and parking
Step-free access
Show all 1 feature
Select check-in date
Add your travel dates for exact pricing
Clear dates