URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1688678828236342575
Latitude: 36.20961
Longitude: -86.78598
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Introducing ~ Nashville Privee

Signature Perks ~ 
→ Rooftop Oasis: Grill and Kitchenette, Outdoor TV, Private Hot Tub, Dining table for 14, string lights for late-night enjoyment, and city views. 🌆
→ Custom mural designs and decor throughout. Think: wall to wall Dolly and Marie Antoinette murals, vanity mirrors for four, & custom wallpaper.
→ Large garage hangout that is a bachelorette's dream. Karaoke set up and stage, oversized pink couch, and smart TV.

The space
What better place to get away with the girls than Nashville Privée? This brand-new 4 BR, 4.5 BA townhouse sleeps 18 and is styled head-to-toe with social media-worthy details and chic finishes. Tucked inside the luxury Horizon community, you'll have access to a resort-style pool with a poolside cabana, a large fire pit, and you're just a quick 10-minute ride from downtown Nashville! 

▶ About the space ~ 
Every inch of this four-level retreat was designed with luxury — and a whole lot of personality. Enter on the second floor and step into a stunning open living space featuring an oversized sectional, swivel chairs, and a dreamy kitchen complete with a custom mural. Just off the main living area, you’ll find the King primary suite with a private ensuite bath.

Head downstairs and the fun really begins. The garage lounge has been transformed into the ultimate hangout space with an iconic hot pink couch, karaoke stage and mic, and Smart TV. Also on this level is the cowgirl-inspired guitar room, featuring two double beds, bold pink touches, and its own private ensuite.

Up on the third floor, two more show-stopping bedrooms await. The custom bunk room is packed with charm thanks to its antique-inspired wallpaper and cozy bedding. Down the hall, the double queen bedroom features a glam vanity wall and fun jeweled details on the wall. 

And then there’s the rooftop! Twinkle lights set the scene with a private hot tub, grill, oversized dining table (seats 14!), and a spacious lounge area built for your entire crew. 

▶ Your Nashville Experience ~ Welcome to Music City! 
The Horizon community offers a prime downtown Nashville location. On site - resort-style pool with cabanas and loungers, happy hour and weekly events (for free!), and fire pits for cool Nashville evenings. When you're ready to explore, you're never more than 15 mins away from all Nashville has to offer. 
- Five Star Saturdays ~ Happy Hour with free drinks at Horizon Cabana from 11am-3pm every Saturday!
- 10-minutes to Downtown Nashville and Broadway
- Less than 15 minutes to Music Row, 12 South, or The Gulch 
- Less than 10 mins from Topgolf, First Horizon Park, and Nissan Stadium

▶ For Rest ~ Sleeps 18! 
- First Floor: 2 Double Guest Bedroom with ensuite
- Second Floor: Primary King Bedroom with primary ensuite
- Third Floor: 2 custom-built Queen-over-Queen bunk room with ensuite (Sleeps 8)
- Third Floor: Double Queen Guest Bedroom with ensuite

▶The Essentials ~ All Included in your stay
- Premium full-size bath products in every bathroom/kitchen. We provide body wash, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and hand soap.
- We provide a starter kit of everything you’ll need to kick off your stay: paper towels, toilet paper, dish soap, laundry pods, and more.
- Coffee is on us! Nespresso pods provided to kickstart your mornings.
- Free Parking On-site. (1 dedicated space available)
- High-speed Wi-Fi
- Stacked Washer and Dryer

👰‍♀️ Planning your Bachelorette trip? Bach Babes got you covered! From planning itineraries to decking out the Airbnb, they’re your one-stop shop for your group’s planning needs. Let us help you get connected with our bachelorette experts! 💍

This home is proudly managed by Kalos Dwellings. Please reach out if we can answer any questions for you!💛

Guest access
It's all yours! Guests will have 100% access to the entire home during their stay!
For your convenience, we provide you with self check-in instructions so that you can let yourself in upon arrival.

This home is proudly managed by Kalos Dwellings. 
Please don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions, we're here to help.

Other things to note
Other Things to Note
- Parking: There is 1 space available on the property and multiple parking spaces around the complex. Street parking is not allowed
- Minimum age to rent the home is 25. 
- Pets: Apologies, no furry friends are allowed at the home. We appreciate your understanding on this.
- Vacation disruptions can be a bummer. While it doesn’t happen often, you may experience issues with Wi-Fi. We are not responsible for any disruptions to the Wi-Fi service or any construction that may affect your experience. Please note that such occurrences are beyond our control, and we appreciate your understanding and patience in these matters.

👰‍♀️ Planning your Bachelorette trip to the beach? Bach Babes got you covered! From planning itineraries to decking out the Airbnb, they’re your one-stop shop for your group’s planning needs. Let us help you get connected with our bachelorette experts! 💍

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kalos Dwellings
Host User ID: 351901804
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/351901804
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Sarah and I am one of the co-founders of Kalos Dwellings along with my husband, Dustin, and our best friends, Aaron and Tara.  
Our entire team of hosts are here for anything you need during your stay!
My work: Kalos Dwellings
Fun fact: We are family owned and operated.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
4961 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting