URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/32307892
Latitude: 35.92723
Longitude: -86.78315
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Franklin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 5
beds: 7
occupancy: 14
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Beautifully restored with modern conveniences and the craftsmanship of a bygone era, Seward Hall is a majestic Greek Revival Antebellum retreat on 22 park-like acres only minutes from historic Franklin and a short drive to Nashville. Whether enjoying morning coffee on one of the sweeping balconies, entertaining in the big cheerful farm kitchen or enjoying a glass of wine on the veranda, Seward Hall will provide an inviting and memorable experience for your family or large group.

The space
WHY SEWARD HALL? This beautifully restored Greek Revival Antebellum home built in Eighteen Fifty-Four and listed on the National Historic Register offers a rare opportunity for guests to truly experience a part of Franklin’s history from a bygone era. From the elegant foyer featuring an original Gone with the Wind style curved staircase, one of three staircases leading to sweeping balconies to the original architrave crown molding throughout, this elegant home is indicative of the prosperity of the builder. The front balcony on the upper level of the portico, just outside the Master Bedroom overlooks an expansive circular drive and beautiful Tennessee hills and pastures surrounding the home. The rear balcony offers views of the ‘Twin Sisters,’ two massive oak trees to the rear of the property which by accounts were planted around the completion of the home in the mid to late eighteen hundred's. Directly behind the home is the smokehouse, now used to store the owner’s property, a structure that truly adds to the feeling that you are experiencing a place from a different time in history. It is appointed with all the latest conveniences, USB plugs in the kitchen and bedrooms, Nest thermostats and Ring doorbell.

Returning to the grand foyer to the right as you enter, is the main sitting or living room. On one wall to either side of the fireplace are floor to ceiling bookcases with a large 50” Smart HDTV with satellite and access to smart apps and other web-based services. The massive custom curved couch we understand was originally used one time in a  music video for The Band Perry (we are, after all, in Music City). This, as well as all of the rooms throughout the home have large 8’ high windows and 12’ceilings adding to the already bright and cheerful stature of the large rooms throughout. 

Left of the Foyer is a large reading room, with floor to ceiling bookcases on the rear wall and a center fireplace, it has new seating accommodations with a comfortable couch and two wingback chairs allowing your party to read quietly or plays games or cards or simply enjoy drinks and conversations. This room, as well as all others throughout the house, has impressively refinished original wide plank flooring complete with the hammered square nails. On the back wall is a narrow staircase, originally used by single ladies to access the sleeping areas separate from the young men of the time. 

Each of the two sitting rooms enters into a long sweeping hall which runs the length of the home. This was originally used as a sleeping porch to escape the summer heat inside the home during an era before the luxury of climate-controlled living was ever a consideration. At the end of this window lined hallway is a butler’s pantry complete with wet sink and a 9-bottle wine cooler Beyond the butler’s pantry is a door which leads outside to an intimate covered sitting porch. As you walk back the length of the home in the opposite direction, you’ll be walking along brick-lined walls on the left side, which were originally the exterior walls on the rear of the home before the rear wing was added around the turn of the 20th century. There is an electric piano in this area for your use and enjoyment as well as a half bath for guests. At the end of this hall is a full bath serving the downstairs Master, the smaller of the two Masters. It is a full bath with a clawfoot antique restored soaking tub complete with shower. Just off this bathroom is a large closet and a small hallway to the downstairs master bedroom. You may also access the bedroom from the sitting room. It is furnished with a queen bed and furnishings including a large smart TV with satellite tv.

Just off the foyer is a bright and open short hallway to the kitchen. Off this short hallway is another stairway which leads to the upstairs Master and two additional bedrooms. Also accessible off the hallway is a spacious walk-in laundry room with full size state of the art washer and dryer, small drink refrigerator, iron and ironing board as well as cleaning supplies and other necessities. Across the hall is a large pantry with basic spices and other kitchen items as may be needed.  

As you enter the big cheerful farm kitchen, you’ll find the heart of Seward Hall. It will seat a large group of ten-twelve easily and is set up for entertaining or large family meals (we have an additional folding table with four chairs if your group needs more seating). This seven hundred square foot space is surrounded by windows on two sides overlooking the park-like grounds and double French doors on the third, which opens to the veranda and outdoor patio and entertaining area. The kitchen contains a large Sub-Zero refrigerator and freezer as well as a Bosch dishwasher.  In the center of the room is an immense slate island with hanging pot holder and a copper prep sink with disposal. There are distressed country cabinets on both sides of the island, accented by granite counter tops and a large farm sink. The center piece of the kitchen is the chef’s AGA gas stove. The four-oven stove is a cooking masterpiece.  It is unique in its functions (all details are explained in the house manual) whereby it remains on at all times in order to maintain absolute cooking temperatures.  A photo of the AGA is posted in this listing.  Each of the four distinct ovens maintains a specific temperature as does the warming plate and the two-multi pot covered burners, one used for simmering and the other for boiling or frying.  You can put up to three large pots on each burner. It is truly a wonderful experience to use the AGA and chefs worldwide love their functionality.  In fact, we are told, it is the stove in the castles of the Royal Family in England. Above the stove is a pot filler for  added convenience.

As you head upstairs to the second floor, there are two bedrooms with a large shared bathroom with double pedestal sinks and a restored clawfoot tub with shower.  Each of these two bedrooms include full size beds one with full sized bunkbeds and both with smart TV’s with access to online services such as Netflix and VUDU. An account is required. Each room has French doors that open onto the rear balcony offering an expansive view of the peaceful grounds that surround you.

At the other end of the rear wing between the rear stairwell and the front curved staircase, is an impressive master suite. The master suite is privately located down the hall from other bedrooms and common living areas. It is an exquisitely large room with a king size sleigh bed facing a stately fireplace. The matching 8’ windows on both sides of the room allow sunlight to cheerfully bathe the room. There is a large smart HDTV with satellite tv above the fireplace, which sets between two spacious closets. Within the large master suite is a private toilet room, double vanities and a separate bathing area with large claw foot soaking tub and walk-in shower with rain nozzle.  Windows surround both the bath and shower areas which once again, make the room bright and cheerful.

Just outside the front entrance to the master bedroom is a large landing which overhangs the curved staircase.  This comfortable sitting area is a wonderful space to enjoy a glass of wine or watch the sunrise with your morning coffee while you look out over the views of the front pasture. The unique historic jib door leading out to the front balcony with two wicker chairs and coffee table offers another place to enjoy the marvelous view.

Across the hall from the master suite is another large bedroom (considered common area) with a queen size bed and smart HDTV.  This room offers a stately fireplace as well as access onto the rear balcony.

Additional features include an outdoor veranda accessible from the kitchen or sleeping porch with its covered sitting areas, ceiling fans and open patio for enjoying the many beautiful Tennessee days. There is a gas grill on the patio for your use as well. The round cast iron cover with well head is the original source which supplied water to the home. Today, of course, the home is on  public water supply.

There are extensive areas for sports or playing frisbee or a family softball game or simply walking or running or enjoying a picnic next to the pond. Seward Hall is a true sanctuary to return home to and there are many things to enjoy without leaving the house. The real beauty of Seward Hall comes from the fact that it’s so centrally located and close to everything. The home lies within the city limits of Franklin and approximately 6 miles to the Franklin downtown historical district and The Franklin Factory, Puckett’s, 55 South and other fantastic shopping, eating and experiences. You are 12 miles to Leiper’s Fork home to farms and homes of Country Music and now Rock and Roll royalty and the entrance to the Natchez Trace Parkway, a historical roadway with interesting sights along the entire length. There are no commercial vehicles or buildings on the parkway. You are also 3 miles from a multitude of other shopping and eating establishments such as the Galleria Mall, Sperry’s Steakhouse, King Bowl (upscale bowling restaurant, whiskey bar, etc.), you are less than a mile to Publix Grocery. You are about 20 min to downtown Nashville, home to the Tennessee Titans, Nashville Predators and The Sounds. Downtown is also the nightlife scene of the south for live music venues from Tootsies Orchid lounge to BB Kings where every known singer got their start and you can still see them drop in to play from time to time. A multitude of new venues are popping up also, such as the FGL House, Blake Shelton’s Ole Red and Luke Bryan’s 32 Bridge. Nashville has become a foodie paradise with gastronomical delicacies from all walks of life. Don’t forget to try Nashville hot chicken and our favorite restaurant in the 12 South area, Urban Grub.

Guest access
Key will be in lockbox at front porch. Guest will be given a code and instructions within 24 hours of arrival. If there have special needs or requests, the manager or owner can meet the guests on site.

Other things to note
We offer pre-stocking of standard grocery, liquor or other items if you request within 48 hours of arrival. We can arrange for specialty gifts, flowers, cakes, custom baked or other items for special occasions with 72 hours for traditional type items. Specialty items may take longer therefore we request as much notice as possible. You may also order items yourself and have them delivered and we will make arrangements for pickup. Fees will apply for these additional services.  We also offer the below concierge services to arrange for drivers, guides, babysitting, tickets, reservations or anything we can provide to make your trip more memorable. We have a private chef available to cater or cook for your group as well.

If you have any allergies to soaps, detergents or anything in particular, while we cannot under any circumstances be responsible for any medical malady, allergy compliance or emergency, we are happy to assist to provide a specific soap or detergent or other item as might be required where possible. Please contact us one week before arrival.

We are foodies, love fine wine, bourbon, cigars and live music. We ride Harley’s and travel the area extensively seeking new experiences and adventures. We have put together a comprehensive list of the above and more and love to share our experiences. You will find all of this in the house manual. We are also happy to provide recommendations should you need them.

Please note:  This home is not ADA compliant and we want to make you aware of this to avoid any difficulties you could experience during your stay.  For instance, the front stairs do not have a hand rail due to the homes' historic nature. The hallways are wide and could accommodate a walker or wheelchair however,  we haven't attempted it ourselves. The walkways along the rear grounds are brick and do present an uneven surface. You would have to walk someone to the rear of the home if they cannot do stairs in order to access the house. 

Elderly - Some elderly guests may have difficulty navigating the clawfoot tub/shower combos.  There is a walk-in shower, however it is in the master bathroom on the second level and requires using a stairway to access.

Children - It is also worth noting that there is a pond on the grounds so anyone with children should be aware that additional supervision should be required. As stated in other areas, there are front and rear balconies. While they are beautiful to sit and enjoy coffee or a drink, the balconies and landings in the house are quite high and would pose a danger to kids climbing on the railings or sliding down the staircase railing, the same goes with the AGA stove, like any stove that is on, it is hot and it is always on. The doors are heavy and could pose a danger to little hands, we cannot accept responsibility for the supervision of your children, especially since we are done supervising our own ;-). So please use common sense and supervise your kids just as you would at home and have a safe and enjoyable trip.

Finally, please be advised that an additional 8% hotel tax (as required by local city/county ordinances) will be added to the guests nightly rate upon booking.

Thank you,
Your Hosts

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Susan
Host User ID: 80931146
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/80931146
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We have been airbnb travelers for sometime now. We hope we understand the needs to the guest. This is our first foray into airbnb as a host and we are excited to offer our home. We have a multitude of interests from wine and dining, travel, riding Harley's, fine cigars and live music which Nashville is known. We hope to make many new friends along the adventure whether traveling or hosting.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
165 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting