URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1261900435845774125
Latitude: 36.1538
Longitude: -86.7753
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome To The Whistledown Hideout, Walk into The High Society. 

Short walk to Broadway(8 mins only) Bridgestone Arena, The Music City Center, and Country Music Hall of fame and All of Nashville finest.

Amazing City view from Our Large Balcony! Top Notched Spacious  Unit from  Comfort and Unique Themed rooms , Ultimate Party room. Designed for Ultimately the Best Nashville Experience.  

Fully Equipped Kitchen, Supplies, Coffee, Comfortable Beds and Premium Linens
Free Parking in Gated Garage

The space
This Top Notched  Apartment is in the Heart of all the action of Nashville Downtown. So much thought and work was put into this place to provide you with the Ultimate Nashville Experience. Take a dive into a recreation of London High Society Theme Apartment. It’s the most comfortable Base for your venture.
#923

This Condo can comfortably sleep up to 6 Guests. ensuring everyone has a delightful and restful stay.

This place is designed to suit all kind of Travelers, perfect for weekend traveler looking for a time of their life at the Honky-Tonks or for Business Travelers looking to unwind during the week. This place also would be a great stage to host a Special occasions like Bachelor or Bachelorette party and Birthday weekend getaway. 

Living room: This space is set to be the Ultimate Hangout and party areas. The space is designed to give an Royalty feel of a High Society home. It features a Comfortable Lounge style Sofa with a Large Smart Tv and a Piano ready for the Classical Vibe.

Kitchen: This condo has a fully equipped kitchen and Dining set with Keurig Coffee Maker and complimentary Keurig pods in variety of flavor. 

This luxurious retreat offers two elegantly furnished bedrooms:

-Bedroom One: Features one King-sized bed for a regal night's sleep, adorned with premium linens. This bedroom is connected to Bathroom with a Walk-in shower. Along with all the toiletry essentials one might need during your stay.

Bedroom Two: Equipped One King bed, adorned with plush pillows, perfect for a restful stay for multiple guests. The second bathroom features a bathtub style shower that includes all the toiletry essentials one might need during your stay. You will also find an queen air mattress and  twin rollaway bed in this closet along with  extra pillows and blankets available to use

Both bathrooms include 2 rolls of toilet paper, shampoo, conditioner, body wash and premium hair dryer.

Other areas: just off the living room is a luxury balcony area with city view. It is equipped with modern and elegant outdoor furniture.

The unit includes a full washer and dryer, Dishwasher, iron and ironing board.

this exquisite space offers a myriad of amenities to elevate your stay.

Amenities:

 -Swimming Pool: open all year round. Dive into relaxation in our pristine pool, perfect for a refreshing swim or lounging under the sun. 
-State-of-the-Art Gym: Get your workout in at our top-notch gym equipped with various equipments for fitness enthusiasts.
-Courtyard: Step into our charming courtyard, an oasis of tranquility, complete with an Propane grill for delightful outdoor gatherings.
-Outdoor Fireplace: Cozy up under the stars by our inviting outdoor fireplace, ideal for intimate conversations or toasting marshmallows.
-Common Hangout Area: Socialize and unwind in our communal space, designed for mingling and creating memorable moments.
-Sky Lounges: Take in breathtaking views from our sky lounges, perfect for relaxation or catching the sunset.

Around the blocks:
- Lower Broadway& Honky-Tonks
- Ascend Amphitheater
- Bridgestone Arena
- Ryman Auditorium
- Restaurants and Bars
- Coffee shops

Services:

-24/7 Emergency Maintenance: Your peace of mind is our priority with round-the-clock maintenance available.

-Concierge Services: Our concierge is at your service, providing assistance to make your stay seamless.

-Please note that we only have one parking space provided with the unit. There is an option to purchase an additional space in the building garage. 

Unit#923

Permit# T2022056599

Guest access
This entire apartment complex along with this unit is accessed by a key-fob. Key-fob can be retrieved at the key-cafe located in the main lobby(Floor P3) in front of the elevator. 

You should receive a booking code a few days before your arrival through both text messages and Airbnb app. You will use that code to retrieve the key fob.

Other things to note
Please Note:
While we always strive to provide a comfortable and positive living experience, there are certain factors beyond our personal control that we want to clarify:
We are not responsible for external variables outside of this building, such as noise, construction, or private/public events happening nearby.
This property is part of a larger complex managed by building management, who oversee:
Common areas and shared spaces
Exterior maintenance
Interior maintenance of physical systems and appliances (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, HVAC, and drywall)
When it comes to maintenance requests or issues, we are required to follow the building’s procedures and timelines. We will always do our best to communicate and advocate on your behalf, but please understand that resolution times are ultimately determined by the building’s management and service teams.

This is a multi-unit building, and there may be other guests staying in neighboring units.
While we expect everyone to be respectful, we cannot control the behavior of other guests, including potential noise.
If excessive noise occurs after quiet hours, you may report it directly to the building’s overnight security, who are available to assist.
Thank you for your understanding and cooperation! If you have any questions or concerns ahead of your stay, feel free to reach out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chachthia
Host User ID: 574094927
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/574094927
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
384 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting