URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1344428760703543386
Latitude: 36.1494
Longitude: -86.7771
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a stylish stay in this speakeasy-inspired 1-bedroom apartment featuring a king-size bed and flexible sleeping options. The living room includes a sleeper sofa, sleeps 2 ,a twin roller bed plus a queen air mattress, and a floor twin mattress comfortably accommodating groups. Guests enjoy modern amenities including Wi-Fi, AC, dishwasher, in-unit washer/dryer, and access to a fitness room , pool , billiard room , music studio   all designed for comfort, convenience, and a memorable Nashville.

The space
🎸 Stay in The Gulch — 5 Minute Ride  to Broadway!

Experience Nashville in style from this modern, luxury-inspired apartment located in the heart of The Gulch. Enjoy free parking , comfortable sleeping for up to 6 guests, and quick access to Broadway, restaurants, nightlife, and Music City’s top attractions.

Perfect for weekend getaways, concerts, business trips, or group vacations.

✨ Why Guests Love This Stay

✔ Prime Gulch location
✔ 5-minute drive to Broadway
✔ King bed + flexible sleeping options
✔ Free parking available
✔ Walkable restaurants & coffee shops
✔ Easy self check-in
✔ Designed for comfort & convenience

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 6)

• King bed in private bedroom
• Sleeper sofa sleeps 2 
• Queen air mattress and a floor twin mattress  for additional guests.

Comfortable for families, friends, or business travelers.

🍳 Kitchen & Dining

Fully stocked kitchen with cookware, utensils, and essentials — ideal for morning coffee or meals between exploring Nashville.

🛁 Bathroom

Modern bathroom with shampoo, conditioner, and blow dryer for a relaxing, hotel-style experience.

📍 Location — The Gulch

Stay in one of Nashville’s most desirable neighborhoods. Walk to popular restaurants, murals, bars, and shopping, while Broadway and downtown attractions are only minutes away.

🚗 Parking
✅ 1 Complimentary Parking 
One free parking space may be provided upon request 
To register your vehicle and issue a parking permit, please send the following before arrival:

• License plate number
• State of registration
• Vehicle year
• Vehicle make & model
• Vehicle color

⚠️ Vehicles must be registered in advance to avoid tickets or towing.

🅿️ Additional Paid Parking

Available onsite via Parkeaz:
Zone 334 — park in any unmarked space.
Rates vary depending on availability.

⚠️ Parking permit located in kitchen drawer. Use only for registered vehicles.

🚪 Building Access

• Main entrance: 7 AM – 7 PM
• Garage entrance: 24/7 access for late arrivals

👋 Perfect For

✓ Nashville vacations
✓ Bachelorette & birthday trips
✓ Concert weekends
✓ Business travelers
✓ Long weekend escapes

⭐ Book With Confidence

Guest access
🔑 Your Stay at The Gulch
Welcome! We are thrilled to have you. You have full access to the entire unit and all building amenities, including:

Lobby & Courtyard

Sky Lounge

Swimming Pool

Music Room & Gym

Please make yourself at home and enjoy everything Music City has to offer!

Smooth Check-In + Luggage Options 🎸

To ensure an exceptional experience for every guest, check-in begins at 3:00 pm This allows our team the time needed to deliver a thoroughly cleaned and perfectly prepared space.

Arriving early?
Early check-in may be available upon request. Please reach out in advance and we’ll be happy to check availability. 

Guests arriving prior to check-in must make alternative arrangements, as the building strictly does not permit waiting, gathering, or luggage storage in the lobby or leasing office under any circumstances.

For a seamless and elevated experience, we recommend BaggageBellhop, located just 5 minutes car ride  away. Their secure and convenient service allows you to store your luggage and enjoy the city comfortably while you wait.

We appreciate your understanding and cooperation, and we’re always available to assist in making your stay smooth and enjoyable.

📍 Check-In: Finding Your Key
The lockbox is located inside the ground-level garage.

Enter the garage and locate the elevator.

Next to the elevator, enter the door leading to the staircase.

You will see a row of lockboxes  in the staircase.

Your lockbox is clearly marked and positioned toward the top row.

⚠️ Important Details
Amenity Availability: We strive to ensure all facilities are open, but we are not responsible for closures due to maintenance or building management decisions. No refunds will be issued for unavailable amenities.

Check-Out: Please remember to return the FOB to the lockbox when you depart.

If you need anything at all, I’m just a message away!

Warm regards,
Jo Ann

Other things to note
Welcome to Haven at the Gulch! 🎸
We are so excited to have you stay with us. To ensure you have a 5-star experience and to help us remain in good standing with our neighbors, please take a moment to review these house rules.

🔑 The Essentials
Check-Out: Please return the FOB to the lockbox upon departure.

Note: Lost FOB replacement fee is $350.

WiFi & Support: 
Network:HavenGulch.
Password:7pbw3qmn.
 If you need anything, I am just a message away!

Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM – 7:00 AM. This community has a zero-tolerance policy for noise.

🏊 Resort Amenities (Level 1 & Rooftop)
Pool & Lounge: Max 2 guests per unit. No glass of any kind is permitted in outdoor areas.

Music: Please use headphones at the pool; personal speakers are not allowed.

Pets: No pets in the pool or indoor amenity areas.

Trash: Please bring your valet trash can inside the unit by 9:00 AM.

🚭 Strict Non-Smoking & No-Party Policy
This is a 100% Smoke-Free property. Smoking (of any kind) is strictly prohibited inside the unit, on the balcony, and in all common areas.

Smoking Fee: $750 – $1,000

Parties/Events Fee: $1,000

Noise Complaint Fee: $500 – $1,000

🛡️ Travel & Safety
Insurance: We recommend travel insurance, as we cannot offer refunds for weather-related delays or cancellations.

Packages: Please do not have packages delivered to the building during your stay.

Conduct: The building management enforces a Zero-Tolerance policy regarding threats or safety violations, which may result in immediate eviction. For more Management rules and regulation please read in welcome booklet.

Enjoy your time in Music City!
— Jo Ann

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jo Ann
Host User ID: 405791167
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/405791167
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English and Spanish
Lives in Pembroke Pines, Florida
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
241 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting