URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/27282037
Latitude: 36.1613
Longitude: -86.777
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Right on Broadway — literally above Boot Barn — this sun-drenched Nashville oasis is as central as it gets. Soaring ceilings, hardwood floors & nine-foot windows frame stunning strip views, while velvet furnishings and gold accents set a luxurious tone throughout. Rest easy in a private King bedroom or sink into one of two Queen pull-out sofas with memory foam mattresses — comfort for the whole crew.

The space
📍 LOFT #202 — Right on Broadway
Stay in the heart of it all — directly above Boot Barn, steps from Tootsie's, Robert's Western World, Legend's Corner & The Stage. Bridgestone Arena and the Ryman Auditorium are just one block away. It doesn't get more Nashville than this.

🛏 THE SPACE
This contemporary loft sleeps up to 6 guests comfortably:
- 1 private King bedroom with ensuite full bathroom
- 2 Queen sleeper sofas (linens & bedding provided)
- Half bath in the hallway

The open-concept layout features a fully equipped kitchen with bar seating, a café dining table for 4, a living room with 50" Smart TV, and a bright sunroom with Broadway views.

👥 BRINGING A BIG GROUP?
Two additional lofts are available in the same building — one on the same floor, one above. Perfect for larger groups who want to stay close. Inquire for availability!

📸 FILMING & PHOTOGRAPHY
An additional $200 fee applies for shoots. A signed location agreement is required prior to your shoot date.

📋 HOUSE RULES
Guests must read and accept all house rules before booking.

FAQs
🧍🏽‍♂️ Additional Guests We kindly ask that your guest count stays within what was confirmed at booking. If your plans change and you'd like to bring a few extra faces, just reach out before your stay — we're happy to see what we can do!
🎥 Exterior Cameras For everyone's peace of mind, we have exterior cameras on the property for safety purposes.
🎈 Decorations We love that you might be celebrating something special! Just a couple of things to keep in mind — please avoid glitter and confetti (they're a cleaning crew's worst nightmare 😄), and steer clear of placing anything on the wallpaper. We just ask that all decorations are removed before you check out. Have fun with it!
🎉 Gatherings & Visitors Our lofts are designed as a peaceful retreat, so we ask that the property not be used as a hub for outside visitors or rotating guests. We want everyone — including our neighbors — to enjoy the space!
🤫 Quiet Hours We have wonderful neighbors, and we'd love to keep it that way! Please help us by keeping outdoor noise to a considerate level during quiet hours. Thank you!
🚭 Smoke-Free Property To keep our space fresh and comfortable for every guest, we ask that there be no smoking inside or within 25 feet of the property. If you smoke outdoors, please keep windows and doors closed. Please note that a $500 fee applies if smoke is detected indoors.
🛠️ Accidents Happen! We truly mean it — we get it! If something breaks or gets damaged during your stay, please just let us know. We appreciate your honesty and it always makes a big difference. No need to stress — just a quick message is all it takes!
🧼 Leaving the Space Our cleaning team works incredibly hard, and we're so grateful for them! The standard cleaning fee covers a normal turnover, so we ask that you leave the space in a reasonably tidy condition out of respect for their time and effort. Our check-out instructions (found in this welcome book) make it easy — just follow those and you're all set. We appreciate you helping us keep things country-cool, classy, and cozy! 🌿
⏰ Early Check-In & Late Check-Out Want to arrive a little earlier or linger a little longer? Early check-in (from 8:00 a.m.) and late check-out (until 5:00 p.m.) may be available — just send us a message ahead of time to check availability for your dates. A small fee applies for approved requests, and availability is limited, so the sooner you ask, the better!
🧳 Luggage Drops Unfortunately, we aren't able to accommodate luggage drops outside of your check-in window. We recommend Luggage Hero, Stow Station, or other luggage storage options nearby — they're super convenient and easy to use!

Guest access
24/7 keyless entry access to the building and loft.

Other things to note
** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!

This loft is a street view loft, the windows open up to Broadway!!

NO FREE PARKING. The closest parking lot is on 4th and Broadway. Highly recommended that you not rent a car unless you're wanting to venture outside of Nashville. Cabs, Uber, and Lyft are the best way to get around! I have some promo codes at the lofts for free first rides if anyone in your group is a first time Uber or Lyft rider - so make sure to download the apps before you arrive!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Cal And Steph
Host User ID: 167417432
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/167417432
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Cal! Welcome to my loft! We greatly appreciate you staying with us. You're staying at my house, which gives your stay a less corporate, more personal feel. Thank you for taking care of my home while you are here. I hope you relax, unwind, and enjoy!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
1102 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting