URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/26368330
Latitude: 36.40099
Longitude: -86.55166
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Gallatin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our delightful guest cottage. Aptly named ‘Mountain Music’ as it features simply stunning panoramic vistas of the Nashville countryside and is quite frankly the perfect place for a get-away or retreat to write music, enjoy family bonding, marvel in God’s nature and yet commute in and out of Nashville in 30 minutes!

New for 2024 includes new flooring throughout the home, a brand new Fire-Pit set on a concrete pad with Adirondack chairs and a 6 person HOT TUB to enjoy the views!

The space
Equipped with a guitar and ukele (please treat with care), incredible kitchen renovation, expansive back deck with grill, fire pit and hot tub (new in 2024) overlooking the valley, 2 hammocks to attach to the trees out back and a front porch to sit and stare at quite amazing sunsets…

This 3 bedroom home features 1 king bed and 2 queen beds along with 2 full bathrooms. Luxury sheets, comforters, pillows & towels are provided. There are additionally 2 full size sleeper sofas in the living room that comfortably sleep 2 additional guests (supplementary bedding and pillows are provided). If you are planning a lengthy stay, we have a washer and dryer to take care of your laundry needs. In 2024 we replaced all of the flooring to elevate the feel of the property even further. We've also added a new charcoal grill to sizzle up some steaks!

With this being an elevated property that sits right at the top of a hill, please be aware that there is a steep gravel driveway. Winters in Nashville are generally mild, but on a rare occasion we get snow and ice and there is always a possibility you may feel more comfortable parking at the bottom of the driveway and walking up if the ice is severe. That being said, as it is a gravel driveway, there is usually no need for this (mentioned purely for practical purposes and to recommend purchasing travel insurance incase of inclement weather).

The fire pit is in the center of a newly poured circular concrete area with Adirondack seating around it.  We have some additional seats stored in the lower storage shed should you need it. We supply firewood for each group and Home Depot and Lowes both sell pre-bundled packs and are nearby if you need additional. Please don’t overload the fire as summers can be hot and dry.

This is a no-smoking property. Please refrain from smoking in the home otherwise your security deposit will be immediately forfeited.

The TV comes with an Xfinity channel package including several sports channels such as ESPN and NBCSN etc. 

Wireless internet is also available at no charge. The login info will be provided at the cottage.

This home is truly one for making memories. We hope you decide to make this your home away from home while you vacation in Nashville.

You will have access to everything advertised.

In addition to sending a message through the app, please try to reach us via cellphone and text message if you need something urgently.

Guest access
You will have access to everything advertised.

Other things to note
This home is pet friendly to dogs only with a two pet maximum. Please make sure you select your pets at the time of booking as a $150 fee is collected for reservations including animals. We do also follow breed and weight restrictions please reach out to us directly for more information!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonny
Host User ID: 24007959
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24007959
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
British immigrant!
Realtor in Nashville since 2005.
Love Sports, Outdoors, Family & Friends
Christian
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5855 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting