URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/22655043
Latitude: 36.145
Longitude: -86.7642
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 5
beds: 15
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
🎉 Ultimate Bachelorette Retreat – 2 Rooftops! Sleeps 18! close to Broadway! 🎉

Experience Nashville like never before in these TWO luxurious townhomes, designed for unforgettable group getaways. Whether you're celebrating a bachelorette party, family reunion, or a friends' trip, this is your perfect home base.​

📍 Prime Location Highlights:

Less than 1 mile to Broadway – Nashville’s iconic live music venues, bars, and restaurants are a short walk or quick ride away.

The space
🏡 Property Features:

5 Bedrooms • 5.5 Bathrooms across both units.

SLEEPS 18 comfortably with a variety of bed arrangements.

2 Private Rooftops equipped with bar carts, weatherproof TVs, and stunning skyline views.

Fully stocked kitchens and open-concept living areas perfect for entertaining.

Modern, chic decor throughout both homes.​

🛌 Sleeping Arrangements:
Unit A:

Master Bedroom: 1× King bed

Second Bedroom: 2× Queen beds

Living Room: 2× Queen sofa beds

Additional: 2× Twin foldable beds

Unit B:

Master Bedroom: 1× King bed

Second Bedroom: 2× Queen beds

Third Bedroom: 1× Queen bed

Living Room: 2× Queen sofa beds

Additional: 2× Twin foldable beds

🎶 Whether you're dancing the night away on Broadway, enjoying rooftop cocktails under the stars, or relaxing in your stylish retreat, this is the Nashville experience you've been dreaming of.

📅 Book now to secure your stay in the heart of Music City!

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the entire home.

A personalized door codes will be sent the day before arrival. On the day of check-in, you’ll receive a message with full access details and helpful local recommendations for a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
What Guests Are Saying about the listing:

🌟 Perfect Location:
Guests rave about the prime location, mentioning how convenient it is to walk to Broadway and other Nashville hotspots. Many love being close to The Gulch, Midtown, and 12 South, making it easy to explore the best of the city.

🌟 Spacious & Comfortable:
Reviewers consistently highlight the spaciousness of the townhomes, with plenty of room for large groups. The variety of bed arrangements and multiple sofa beds ensures that everyone sleeps comfortably.

🌟 Rooftop Paradise:
The private rooftops are a fan favorite! Guests enjoy the stunning views of Nashville’s skyline, perfect for morning coffee or evening cocktails. The weatherproof TVs and bar carts add an extra touch of luxury.

🌟 Great for Group Gatherings:
The open-concept kitchens and living areas are perfect for entertaining. Guests appreciate the fully stocked kitchens and the ability to cook and socialize together. The homes are designed with large groups in mind, providing a welcoming space for everyone.

🌟 Stylish & Modern Decor:
The chic and modern decor throughout both units impresses guests. Many comment on how beautifully the homes are decorated, creating a perfect blend of comfort and style.

🌟 Easy Communication & Support:
Guests mention the excellent communication with the hosts, with quick responses to any questions or needs. Many appreciate the detailed instructions and helpfulness throughout their stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Guy And Itay
Host User ID: 158629193
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/158629193
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
711 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting