URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/24910899
Latitude: 36.15087
Longitude: -86.83155
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
I am new to Airbnb, but have 100's of reviews for this property and others. Just google Chad Pyburn Nashville and look for my properties and reviews.

This house has 6 private sleeping rooms. Comes with a yard, a twin size swing, hot tub, privacy fence, grill, corn hole, pool table, shuffleboard, foosball, 5 * 65" big screen TVs, retro arcade, touchscreen bar arcade, skee-ball, room to park, comfy beds, and much more.

I will do anything and everything to give you a 5 star experience.

The space
I am new to airbnb, but have 100's of reviews for this property. Just google Chad Pyburn Nashville and look for my properties and reviews.

Note: If you, or your guests, plan on getting to Nashville earlier in the week than the rest of the party and the house is not booked. We can try to accommodate them instead of them booking hotels. Just reach out to me after booking to discuss options and prices.

Main House: (Sleeps 10 to 12) Guest Cottage:(Sleeps 6 to 8) *See Guest house section for the additional room details!
~Master King with private Bathroom
~Front Bedroom Queen with shareable Bathroom
~2 x Upstairs Queens with shareable Bathroom
1 Queen size memory foam pull out in Living room
3 Full Bathrooms
Living room
Dining room
Office
Kitchen (Fully Stocked with everything you should need minus Groceries)
Game room (Couch can sleep an additional 1 or 2)
8 person Hot Tub (I replace water, chemicals, and clean filter after each stay, guaranteed to be crystal clear upon arrival)
Porch with Twin Size Swing
Grill
Huge backyard entertainment area
4 towels, 4 wash rags, 1 hand towel, toilet paper, paper towels, soap, shampoo, and conditioner all included for each bathroom.

Private Guest House: (Sleeps 6) 
2 Bedrooms with shareable Bathroom
1 pull out memory foam sofa
1 Full bath
Living Room
Kitchen
Balcony

If I have caught your attention, then please read on for a lot more detail.  

Near By Food:
Within blocks you have Double Dogs, Farm burger, Radish Kitchen, Camion Chino, PennePazze, Red Perch, Chaatable, Calypso Cafe, Thai Ni Yom, 5 points pizza, and Castrillo's Pizza, Another Broken Egg, Otaku Ramen, 5 Daughters Bakery, and Bold Patriot Brewing Company, Bearded Iris Brewing Company, and Hathorne. A short drive, you have Hattie B's, Otto, M.L. Rose, and Big Bad Breakfast.  New ones pop up everyday, feel free to shoot me a PM to add something I missed.

The Space:
Begin your Nashville adventure by simply entering the code I supply day of check-in into the key-less entry pad and open the door to be greeted by vaulted ceilings, lots of natural light through top of the line plantation shutters, and stunning wood floors throughout. 

An open floor plan offers plenty of space to visit and hang out with your friends in the living room, dining room, and kitchen areas. Maybe you want to kick up your feet and catch your favorite TV show or movie on the flat screen TV where you are just clicks away from your favorite programs. Netflix, Amazon Prime, HBO, Disney+, and YouTube TV are provided free.  Feel free to rent a movie, the charge will just be deducted from your deposit.

Fiber 1000 Mb/s WiFi is provided for all your download and upload needs.

Whether you love to cook or not, you will love serving something up in the gorgeous gourmet kitchen with it’s eye-catching glass tile backslash, granite counter tops and stainless steel appliances. 

Each room also boasts a walk in closet with ample space to hang and house all your belongings. The master closet is locked, but the laundry room has ample space for hanging clothes.

Private guest house
Above the garage/game room sits is a beautiful guest cottage. With it’s own private entrance, walk up a flight of stairs where you are welcomed into a quaint and convenient living room and kitchen, with grey and white marble counter tops, wood floors with two more bedrooms that are sure to please any guest. Take in the view from the balcony as you enjoy a morning cup of coffee. 

After a day of sightseeing or night on the town, you will definitely want to rest your tired feet and enjoy the outdoors in the 8 person hot tub. Maybe unwind with a glass of wine, partake in a little corn hole, Foosball, ski ball, pool table, arcade, movie by the fireplace, or darts in the game room, or sit around and relax over a bonfire.  You must provide the firewood, Home Depot and Lowe's carry wood.

If business is the reason for your visit, we have you covered with your very own office space, free WiFi, a printer and desks are conveniently located at the top of the stairs to ensure all your business needs.

What Guests Can Access:
There is a first floor laundry room that you are free to use as well as an ironing board and iron.

The doors are fitted with keypads for key-less entry making it hassle-free so you don't have to worry about losing your keys or getting locked out in the middle of the night.

Interaction With Guests:
If you need assistance at any time during your stay, please reference the welcome book provided at the property upon your stay. I will only be a few minutes away and can be contacted by text, email, and phone.

Guests MUST sign rental agreement prior to arrival, please email it to me signed.

The Neighborhood:
Located in the beautiful Sylvan Heights neighborhood, a quiet and peaceful, just a 5 - 10 minute walk to many popular restaurants, local sights, entertainment and nightlife!

Getting Around:
Located between interstate 40 and 440 making it easy to get around the city. You are walking distance to public transportation and a few minutes drive by an Uber or Lyft.

Security:
There is an alarm system equipped with cameras that monitor the entrances to the property and the common areas outside the protect you and the property and verify your number of guests should there be a dispute.  There is a (unplugged and facing the wall) camera inside, I had this prior to guests staying at the house for any type of break-in.

Fees:(No questions asked)
Party without permission: Just ask me first otherwise dismissal from property by private security team, and all costs incurred
Noise complaint: 1/3 loss of deposit (I respect my neighbors and take this very seriously)
Furniture left in rain: cost of furniture, whether it is ruined or not, a copy of the receipt of price of new furniture will be provided.
Furniture moved: 300 (people have scratched the floors, and de-leveled the pool table, so unfortunately this is the only way to recoup the cost of repair)
Liquid left on hardwood floors: 100 per occurrence (this warps the floors, then has to be re-sanded, and coated)
Stained Furniture: 70 per occurrence (how much the furniture store charges)
Failure to follow checkout instructions: 150 (by following checkout rules, I can keep the cleaning fee for a 3800 sqft house at 150 dollars, otherwise it is 300 for the maids to strip all the sheets, take out all the trash, etc.)
Missing item fees: 
Towel: 8
Wash cloth: 2
Hand towel: 4
Beach towel: 15

Guest access
The doors are fitted with keypads for keyless entry making it hassle-free so you don't have to worry about losing your keys or getting locked out in the middle of the night.

Other things to note
This home has stairs. There is a flight of stairs leading up to the front door, as well as stairs up the back patio to the back door. This is a two story home, with a flight of stairs inside and a flight of stairs in the guest cottage.

If you are driving there is plenty of space for parking at least 5 cars with two driveways on the property.

Guests must sign rental agreement prior to booking confirmation.

Guests will be charged $50 per each additional person after 12 people.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chad
Host User ID: 188147810
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/188147810
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a few hours
8 years hosting
12 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting