URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/2909345
Latitude: 36.1599
Longitude: -86.84271
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your cozy Nashville getaway in The Nations — a vibrant West Nashville neighborhood walkable to an incredible assortment of local restaurants, coffee shops, breweries, and boutiques, yet just 10 minutes from Downtown Broadway and all the major attractions. This beautifully updated home blends comfort, style, and thoughtful details to create an effortless and memorable Music City stay.

The space
📍 LOCATION HIGHLIGHTS

You’re in The Nations, one of Nashville’s most loved neighborhoods — lively but relaxed, creative but authentic.

🚶 Walk to coffee shops, breweries, restaurants, and local boutiques
🚗 Just 10 minutes to Downtown Broadway and the heart of Music City
🍺 Easy ride to 12South, Vanderbilt, Belmont, Music Row, and more
🌳 Close to parks and green spaces for daytime strolls 

🏡 THE SPACE

This charming one-story home offers plenty of space for your group to unwind, gather, and enjoy Nashville life.

✨ Three bedrooms and two beautifully updated bathrooms
✨ Bright, open living area with cozy seating and large smart TV
✨ Fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances and coffee setup
✨ Covered front porch and back patio with fire pit — perfect for evening drinks and conversation 

Whether you’re in town for live music, food, or a weekend reset, this space is built to feel easy, relaxed, and welcoming. 

🛏️ SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS

Rest and recharge with plenty of room for your group.

🛌 Bedroom 1: King bed + 55″ TV
🛌 Bedroom 2: King bed
🛌 Bedroom 3: Two single beds + air mattress available
🛋 Living Room Couch: Extra bedding available upon request

Perfect for families, friend groups, or weekend visitors.

🛋️ LIVING ROOM

Kick back and relax after a day exploring Nashville.

📺 65″ Smart TV with access to Netflix, Hulu, Disney+, Fire TV, and more
🛋 Plush sectional and open layout for relaxing or socializing
☕ Great spot for coffee, games, or movie nights with your group

🍳 KITCHEN

The fully equipped kitchen makes meal prep easy and fun.

✔ Updated appliances
✔ Granite countertops
✔ Dishes, glassware, and cookware ready to use
☕ Keurig coffee maker + pods and a hot water kettle for mornings or evenings in 

🚿 BATHROOMS

🚿 Two recently renovated bathrooms with shower/tub combos — stylish, clean, and ready for your group to use comfortably. 

🔥 OUTDOOR SPACE

Step outside to enjoy both front and back outdoor spaces:

🌤 Covered front porch for morning coffee or evening relaxation
🔥 Back patio with fire pit — perfect for evening drinks, conversation, or unwinding after a busy Nashville day 

This area gives you a local Nashville experience with easy access to downtown attractions — the best of both worlds. 
Airbnb

🔥 WHY GUESTS LOVE IT

✔ Spacious, well-appointed home for groups
✔ Comfortable sleeping options + multiple TVs
✔ Private outdoor space with fire pit
✔ Walkable neighborhood with local favorites nearby
✔ Superhost with 10+ years of hosting experience 

👥 PERFECT FOR

⚪ Families or multi-person trips
⚪ Friend groups exploring Music City
⚪ Guests who want local flavor + Downtown access
⚪ Travelers who value comfort, space, and great design 

ℹ️ GOOD TO KNOW

🅿️ Free parking always available in the driveway or on the street in front of the home
🔑 Self check-in with smart lock for easy arrival
🌙 Quiet residential neighborhood — great for restful nights

Guest access
🏡 You and your guests will have exclusive access to the entire home during the entirety of your stay!

Other things to note
📍 LOCATION HIGHLIGHTS

You’re in The Nations, one of Nashville’s most loved neighborhoods — lively but relaxed, creative but authentic.

🍽️ Restaurants & Eateries in The Nations

🍔 Nations Bar and Grill
A true local favorite serving classic American comfort food, cold drinks, and a relaxed neighborhood vibe — great for lunch, dinner, or casual drinks with friends.

🍺 51 North Taproom
Neighborhood go-to with tasty food, a solid beer selection, and an easygoing atmosphere that feels instantly welcoming.

🥩 Brotherly Love Cheesesteaks
Highly rated for loaded cheesesteaks and hearty comfort food — perfect when you’re craving something filling and satisfying.

🍕 Midnight Oil
A popular casual pizza spot with creative twists and a fun, late-night energy.

🍝 Coco's Italian Market
Beloved neighborhood staple for classic Italian dishes, sandwiches, and cozy comfort food.

🥞 Centennial Cafe
A well-loved breakfast and brunch spot known for excellent pancakes, omelets, and strong coffee — a perfect way to start your day in The Nations.

☕ Coffee Shops & Cafés

☕ Frothy Monkey
A local staple with great specialty coffee, breakfast, lunch, and a relaxed all-day vibe — ideal for brunch or coffee dates.

💻 Headquarters Coffee
Cozy café with strong brews and a laid-back atmosphere — popular for casual mornings or work sessions.

☕ Ramblin' Joe's Coffee
Smaller local café offering excellent coffee and a chill neighborhood feel.

🍺 Breweries & Bars Nearby

🍻 The Centennial
Craft beer and cocktails in a relaxed pub setting — a local favorite for low-key evenings.

🍺 Fat Bottom Brewing (short ride)
A beloved Nashville craft brewery with beer flights, a lively patio, and plenty of local flavor.

🐶🍺 Southern Grist Brewing
Locally adored brewery serving house-made IPAs and seasonal brews — vibrant, fun, and pet-friendly.

🛍️ Boutiques & Local Shops (Walkable / Nearby)

🛍️ While The Nations is more food- and drink-focused, there are great local shops nearby worth exploring:

🎁 Local boutiques along Charlotte Pike
Great for unique Nashville souvenirs, gifts, and artisan goods.

🛍️ Sylvan Park (short stroll or drive)
Charming nearby area with boutique clothing stores, specialty shops, and curated home goods.

✨ Local Tips

✨ The Nations blends industrial-turned-trendy vibes with neighborhood spots that feel authentically Nashville.
🌤️ Many places offer outdoor seating and craft beer flights, making it a perfect area to explore on sunny afternoons.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sean
Host User ID: 14863542
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/14863542
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I are entrepreneurs and world travelers. We own multiple rental properties and whether we're playing host or guest, we treat all properties with respect! 

We love finding the best local food and drinkage with the best ambiance, wherever we are- experience and community is everything!
My work: Personal development and investment real estate
Speaks English and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
316 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting