URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1655504834199986136
Latitude: 36.12329004281401
Longitude: -86.76178840276997
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the best of Nashville in this sleek, modern 3BR townhouse, perfectly crafted for families and groups. Located just minutes from downtown’s iconic sights, this three-level retreat blends urban convenience with high-end comfort. After exploring the city, unwind in your private rooftop hot tub or cozy up by the fireplace. The home features a chef-ready kitchen, stylish interiors, and an attached garage for easy parking. Enjoy a seamless, premium stay near the heart of Music City!

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.

DISCLAIMER: Our rooftop hot tubs are regularly maintained to ensure they are clean and ready for use at check-in. In the unlikely event that additional maintenance is needed during your stay, our team may need to access the rooftop through the unit’s front door. By booking this property, you acknowledge and agree to provide access when necessary. STRICTLY NO PETS.

ACCESS TYPE: 
▻ Guests will have access to the entire home, including the garage parking for two vehicles.

PROPERTY LAYOUT:
FIRST FLOOR:
▻ Bedroom 1: king bed, Smart TV, closet, private en-suite bathroom
▻ Bathroom 1: toilet, shower, bathtub (en-suite to bedroom)

SECOND FLOOR:
▻ Living Room: sofa, smart TV (Roku), fireplace
▻ Dining Room: 6-seater dining table
▻ Kitchen: stove, oven, microwave, fridge, freezer, garbage disposal, espresso, drip coffee, french press, island counter with breakfast nook
▻ Half Bath: toilet, sink

THIRD FLOOR:
▻ Master Bedroom: king bed, smart TV, closet, private en-suite bathroom
▻ Bunk Room: queen bunk bed (sleeps 4), smart TV, closet
▻ Bathroom 2: toilet, shower, dual vanity (en-suite to master bedroom)
▻ Bathroom 3: toilet, shower, dual vanity 
▻ Patio with outdoor seating
▻ Laundry Area: washer, dryer

FOURTH FLOOR:
▻ Rooftop Living Space: hot tub, grill, fire place

HIGHLIGHTS: 
▻ Features a beautiful rooftop area with a hot tub and grill
▻ Inside features an indoor fireplace, and modern amenities like smart TVs and a fully equipped kitchen.

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ The house has 4 floors including access to the roof top.

Guest access
PARKING:
▻ Guest will have access to the private garage

ENTERING THE HOME:
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In

Other things to note
POLICIES AND HOUSE RULES:

(Designed for a clean, comfortable, and respectful stay)

We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained. As this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property, minor signs of age may be present. If anything needs attention during your stay, please let us know and we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit.

Respect the Home
- Please treat the home as you would your own.
- The home is equipped with essential electronics that support operations. Please do not unplug any connected devices.
- Guests are responsible for any damages or loss and should report them immediately so we can resolve matters quickly.

Respect the Neighbors
- No parties or events.
- Quiet hours are observed between 10:00 PM and 8:00 AM.
- Please keep noise and activity neighbor-friendly at all times.
- Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

Health & Cleanliness
- No smoking inside the home or on the property.
- Pets are not permitted. Undisclosed pets may result in additional charges to cover professional cleaning.
- The hot tub is here for your enjoyment, please take good care of it and follow the rules provided. This helps us keep it clean and ready for everyone. A $500 fee may apply if guidelines aren’t followed.

Check-In & Check-Out
- Early check-in: We’ll do our best to accommodate when possible. Same-day requests depend on our cleaning schedule. To guarantee early check-in, booking the prior night (if available) is recommended.
- Late check-out: Requests must be made by the day before departure.. To guarantee a late check-out, booking the following night is recommended. Unapproved late check-outs may incur additional charges, and departures at 12:00 PM or later may be considered an extra night’s stay.

ADDITIONAL POLICIES:
- Luggage drop may be available with prior host approval.
- Third-party bookings are not permitted. Guests must book for themselves.
- Forgot something? We can mail items back upon request for a handling and shipping fee.
- Cancellation: To receive a full refund, cancellations must be made within 24 hours before check-in. Cancellations after this window will be charged according to the number of nights stayed.

Safety & Security
- EXTERIOR security cameras are installed above the front doors, overlooking the hallway leading to the entrance. Cameras are on and recording 24/7 to help ensure the safety of guests and the property.
- There are NO cameras inside the home.

By booking this property, you agree to follow the house rules and policies outlined above. Significant violations, unreported damages, or failure to comply with house rules may result in additional charges in accordance with Airbnb’s policies.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Vicki
Host User ID: 745860290
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/745860290
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Vicki, a real estate owner and hospitality host who enjoys travel, wellness, home design, and discovering great local restaurants. I’m committed to providing clean, comfortable, well-maintained stays. My healthcare and property-management background shapes my attention to detail. My team and I value clear communication, dependable service, and a smooth experience from check-in to checkout.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 months hosting
116 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
5 months of hosting