URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/36562684
Latitude: 36.2174
Longitude: -86.70416
rental_type: Private room in resort
property_type: RESORT
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Club Wyndham Nashville, just one mile from the Grand Ole Opry, offers a spacious one-bedroom resort suite which comfortably sleep up to four guests.. Suite features private bedroom, mini kitchens, separate living/dining areas and a washer/dryer in each suite. Resort amenities include three pools, fitness center, hot tub, playground, barbecue area, basketball, and activities program.

The space
This spacious one-bedroom resort suite measures approximately 900 - 978 square feet. You will enjoy a king bed in the master bedroom and a queen sleeper sofa in the living room. Additional amenities include a full kitchen and dining area, whirlpool tub and washer/dryer. Maximum occupancy is four. Private sleeping area sleeps two.

Guest access
Resort Amenities:
•	Near Downtown Nashville
•	Pools & Hot Tubs
•	Resort Activities Program
•	Picnic & Barbecue Area
•	Wi-Fi
•	Fitness Center
•	Basketball Courts
•	Table Tennis

RENOVATION: We are currently undergoing a Wi-Fi infrastructure project. During this time there will be active construction, digging and drilling as we will be creating new pathways to run underground fiber throughout the property. In addition to the Wi-Fi Project, we are upgrading our TV System. TV quality and performance will be greatly diminished until project is complete. Expected completion date is October 15, 2026 (subject to change).

RENOVATION: Buildings 12 and 13 will be renovated from August 8th through October 30th, 2026. Expect noise and dust. Parking may be impacted. Dates subject to change.

NOTICE: The resort will be experiencing nearby construction for the foreseeable future. The construction is a major area development project that will be taking place within 50 yards of the property. During this time, you may encounter noise, dust, odors, and work crews nearby.  

FEE: There is an additional Fixed Tax of $2.50 per night, per reservation; this will be charged by the property and is due at check-in.

Parking is free (no valet parking available).

A vehicle is recommended to enjoy the area. The nearest grocery store is five miles from the resort.

Buildings 10 and 11 do not have elevators. Please be aware 3 bedroom lock-off suites are located in Building 10 and 11.

Service animals that are trained to work or perform tasks for the benefit of an individual with a disability are welcome at all Wyndham Destinations Managed locations.

Other things to note
A valid government-issued identification and major credit card matching the name of the primary guest on the reservation is required at check-in. 

You must be at least 21 years of age to check in and register for a room.  

If reservation guest name needs to be changed, please contact via Airbnb message board, or call Extra Holidays at phone:800-917-1591. 

A $250 security deposit (per stay) in addition to any remaining balance is due at the time of check-in.  The security deposit will be released upon check-out and can take up to 7-14 business days to reflect in your account. 

The resort accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover credit cards. Pre-paid cards, checks and credit card authorization forms are not accepted.

Unless specified in the listing description, room views and bedding configurations are not guaranteed and based on availability at check-In. Room décor and floor plans may vary slightly.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Extra Holidays®⁩
Host User ID: 266083019
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/266083019
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Stretch out and relax in spacious resort suites while experiencing all the comforts of home. Most suites are equipped with a full kitchen, washer/dryer, private bedrooms, separate living/dining areas and unbeatable resort amenities for everyone. Extra Holidays® is the official resort condo rental source for Club Wyndham®, WorldMark by Wyndham®, Shell Vacations Club® and Margaritaville Vacation Club® by Wyndham.
Lives in Orlando, Florida
I’m happy to spend time with my guests or give them space
Response rate: 99%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
23692 reviews
4.66 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting