URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/7805346
Latitude: 36.1565
Longitude: -86.8679
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Robertson in West Nashville! Just 10 minutes from Downtown Nashville and Broadway, this cozy home offers the perfect mix of convenience and comfort.

★ 3 Bedrooms
★ Full Kitchen
★ Fast WiFi
★ Free Parking
★ Spacious Backyard
★ Grill & Fire Pit

Close to The Nations, Vanderbilt, Centennial Park, shopping, dining, and more. Charlotte Park is one block away. Enjoy private access, keyless check-in, and a quiet neighborhood setting.

The space
Welcome to The Robertson, a cozy West Nashville retreat just 10 minutes from Downtown and Broadway.

This comfortable 3-bedroom home is tucked beneath mature shade trees in a quiet neighborhood, making it perfect for family trips, concert weekends, business travel, or getaways with friends.

★ 3 Bedrooms

★ Fully Equipped Kitchen

★ Fast WiFi

★ Spacious Backyard

★ Charcoal Grill

★ Fire Pit

★ Free Parking

Relax in the private backyard, grill dinner, gather around the fire pit, or unwind under the string lights after exploring the city.

Nearby:

• Downtown Nashville & Broadway – 10 minutes

• The Nations

• Sylvan Park

• Nashville West Shopping Center

• Vanderbilt University

• Centennial Park

• Restaurants, breweries, and coffee shops

Charlotte Park is just one block away with playgrounds, green space, and walking trails.

Whether you're visiting for music, sports, business, or relaxation, The Robertson offers comfort, convenience, and easy access to Nashville’s best attractions.

Guest access
Guests have access to all three bedrooms, the living areas, fully equipped kitchen, backyard, grill, and fire pit during their stay. A locked cleaner's closet is located in the hallway and is not accessible to guests.

Easy keyless self-check-in allows you to arrive at your convenience. Free on-site parking is available for guests.

Other things to note
• Located in a residential neighborhood in West Nashville, just minutes from Downtown, Broadway, The Nations, Sylvan Park, Vanderbilt, and Nashville West.

• Charlotte Park is located one block away and features playgrounds, walking trails, open green space, and sports facilities.

• The home features keyless self-check-in for a convenient arrival experience.

• Free on-site parking is available for guests.

• Please note that a rock quarry is located near the end of Robertson Avenue, and guests may occasionally hear noise from quarry operations or passing commercial trucks during daytime hours.

• We are pet-friendly! Please clean up after your pets and dispose of all pet waste properly to help keep the property clean and enjoyable for everyone.

• If using the fire pit, please follow all fire safety guidelines, never leave a fire unattended, and ensure the fire is completely extinguished before leaving the area.

• No parties, events, or large gatherings are permitted at the property.

• Smoking is not permitted inside the home. If smoking outdoors, please dispose of cigarette butts properly in the designated outdoor bins and do not leave them on the property.

• As with any property in Tennessee, guests may occasionally encounter seasonal insects or wildlife despite regular pest control treatments.

• Please be respectful of neighbors and observe quiet hours during late evening and overnight hours.

• Drive times may vary depending on traffic, concerts, sporting events, and other Nashville-area activities.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jacob
Host User ID: 9596278
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/9596278
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome! My team and I would like to welcome you to our charming air bnbs!  We aim to make your stay at our houses and your time a memorable one! Please contact us with any questions you may have and we look forward to having you!
Where I went to school: UCSD
My work: I am an Entrepreneur
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
3357 reviews
4.72 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting