URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/52658443
Latitude: 36.19547
Longitude: -86.7237
rental_type: Entire cottage
property_type: COTTAGE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 3
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Third Eye Lodge ... A romantic & peaceful retreat in the heart of East Nashville. So close to it all, yet you'll feel miles away. The cabin, grounds & the eclectic rustic design are all uniquely inspired by nature and our travels. My intention is to offer a health & wellness retreat within my sanctuary... a cocoon to immerse yourself in during your visit.

The space
A vintage historic rustic cottage that feels like you're in a cabin in the woods, yet you are in the heart of East Nashville in walking/bike distance to a lot of this neighborhood's hottest spots. It’s only 10 minutes to downtown and 20 mins from the airport.
We are catering the cottage as a romantic getaway and a wellness retreat, and while it is best suited for 2 people with its open floor plan, it can comfortably accommodate a 3rd person with the comfy tempurpedic sofa bed we have in the down stairs main living room.

The land we live on is over an acre which is rare in this neighborhood... and the grounds are open for you to enjoy nature in the warmer months. You’ll see our family of deer likely during your stay. Pick herbs from our garden, swing in the hammock (seasonal), lounge around the fire pit, sit on the front porch with some southern local tea crafted by myself, house herbalist (I have my working apothecary on the grounds). My husband Scott and I live here too in the main house but likely you will never know we are here, as we love to give our guests privacy. 
I also offer the cabin as a holistic health space (I am a healer of 25 years) where you can receive reiki, hypnosis, guided journeys/meditations, a private candle lit sound bath  (need to book in advanced and subject to my availability) and I can even book you a massage or body work  if you would like (subject to the therapist’s availability). I can arrange your stay to meet your desires however you'd like, just like a wellness spa*... or we can simply leave you alone to enjoy the lodge space and explore the city during your Nashville stay.
*(Advanced appointments only. Subject to availability). 

We are "old school" East Nashville professional touring musicians too, having lived in our home here for 25 years, so if you want a truly local experience we are here to guide you to all the BEST spots you may not have read about, making your stay a bit more unique than if you were to stay at a "hotel" airbnb. Heck, we can even join you around the fire pit to sing some songs if the timing is right. We are all about community and we welcome you.
This is a working wellness retreat center. 
Makes a great staycation for our Nashville friends too!

Guest access
We have dedicated parking for one vehicle, but there is also street parking. If you are using ride shares, we are minutes away from all the coolest restaurants and bars in East Nashville. Walking and biking distance to some even. There is a bike rental kiosk just down the street.

Other things to note
Let us know if you would like to talk to us about scheduling your stay with us as a true wellness retreat. We can offer you more details of services upon advanced inquiry before your arrival. 

NOTE: this is a true cabin with an open sleeping loft. The stairs access to the loft area, while completely easy and safe to climb, could be a challenge with people with mobility issues as it has three steep steps at the top.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kimberly
Host User ID: 134762116
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/134762116
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I am Kim... and I am a holistic health coach, Hypnotherapist, energy healer, herbalist and professional musician living in Nashville, TN. I also have my own line of natural herbal body products and remedies that keeps me busy when not doing music.
I get to travel the world playing original music with my husband (our band is called The Smoking Flowers). We have been married 22 years and feel fortunate that music takes us around the world... which allows us to experience different cultures and make friends far and wide. 

I am a long time resident of Nashville and have played music for 30 years. My husband Scott and I have 2 cats and love healthy food and good wine. (Scott is a sommelier and I am a health food chef too.)

Basically we just try to enjoy life and feel fortunate to be able to do the things we love as our careers. Life is short and living every day with passion and adventure is very important to me.
My work: Holistic Health Coach, Hypnotherapist, Herbalist, Energy Healer & Musician
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
140 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting