URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1681338966950938626
Latitude: 36.2085
Longitude: -86.7852
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This stylish place to stay is perfect for group trips.

The space
Step into The Social— a 4-story, design-forward sanctuary just 10 mins from Nashville's hottest spots. Like a private members-only lounge, it blends bold luxury with serene comfort. Unwind in the rooftop spa with skyline views, sip cocktails poolside, or escape to the game lounge for elevated fun. Every detail whispers exclusivity, calm, and style. This isn't just a stay
-it's a curated, insider experience for those who live well and travel better.

The space

What Makes The Social So Special?
4 Stylish Levels - Seamlessly designed for elevated living and effortless luxury

Sleeps 12 — 4 spacious bedrooms, 11 plush beds,
4.5 spa-inspired bathrooms

Bonus Room Game Lounge — A sophisticated yet playful retreat with a luxe elevated circus theme and curated games for unforgettable nights

Rooftop Spa & Pool - Soak under the stars with sweeping downtown skyline views, lounge poolside in style, or relax in the private spa oasis

Outdoor Entertaining - Rooftop lounge areas with plush seating and mood lighting, perfect for cocktails or intimate gatherings

Magazine Photo Op - Take a picture in your very own magazine issue

Dedicated Getting Ready & Workspaces -
Multiple chic spaces with LED mirrors and desks designed for prep or productivity

Seasonal Pool Access - Within the gated complex for your exclusive use

Chef's Kitchen — Fully stocked with high-end* appliances and everything you need to entertain and impress

Dual Coffee Bars — Fuel your mornings and afternoons with ease and style
Smart TVs in Every Bedroom Except Bunk Room
— Stream your favorites on Roku and unwind your way

Electric Fireplace & Ambient Lighting - Create cozy, calm vibes any time of day

Washer/Dryer + Essentials - Stay fresh, stay longer

The Vibe?

The Social is an elevated lounge experience wrapped in calm luxury. Imagine soothing sage greens, dusty pinks, and rich navies paired with textures that invite you to relax and recharge.
This is a private social club where every detail is intentional-from the calming ambiance to the playful game room-crafted to feel exclusive, cozy, and effortlessly chic.

Just 10 minutes from East Nashville,
Downtown, The Gulch, and Nissan Stadium - prime access to the city's best dining, nightlife,, and culture.

2 minutes from local coffee favorites and iconic eateries.

Every corner invites you to slow down, soak in the design, and capture your stay's elevated moments.

About the Space:

The Social is spread across four thoughtfully curated levels:
1st Floor (Garage Level)
Two queen beds with an en suite bathroom-perfect for privacy and comfort without stairs.

2nd Floor
Two queen bedrooms with en suite bathrooms, plus an additional half bath. hues.

3rd Floor
Bedroom One: King-size bed + daybed w/ trundle with spa-inspired en suite bath, including double sinks and a rain shower

Bedroom Two: Four queen bunk beds with private bath-ideal for groups who want style and space

Bonus Game Lounge
An elevated retreat blending luxury and playful circus-inspired details for unforgettable nights.

Interested in longer stays or corporate
bookings? Reach out to learn more.

The Social is where design meets discretion — a curated experience reserved for those on the list. Book now and experience the difference.

**Please Note: This beautiful home is part of a brand-new community that's still being completed. You'll be among the first to enjoy the Horizon pool, colorful mural, and the vibrant energy of the neighborhood. As some construction may still be in progress, we kindly ask for your patience with the possibility of light noise during your stay. Thank you for being part of this exciting new chapter!

Please note that the garage has it's own mini-split air conditioning, for your comfort. Please close garage when not in use.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional. 

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

Guest access
Entire home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting