URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1468226001593058919
Latitude: 36.17503
Longitude: -86.7926
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Sleep Like a King. Stay Like a Local.
Upgrade your Nashville getaway with a spacious King Room designed for two , featuring a plush king bed, bold boutique style, a full kitchen, and plenty of room to settle in.
Start your morning with pickleball in the courtyard, grab a bite at one of Germantown’s incredible restaurants, then hit Broadway just an 8-minute Uber away. When the night is over, escape the downtown crowds and come home to The Soundry.

The space
Modern design, bold orange & teal accents, and an upgraded king bed made for two.

Welcome to The Soundry, your stylish Nashville home base in the heart of Germantown. This upgraded King Room sleeps up to two guests and combines boutique-inspired design with the convenience and flexibility of an Airbnb stay.
Spend the morning with coffee in the courtyard, challenge your travel partner to pickleball, walk to some of Germantown’s favorite restaurants, or head downtown for a night on Broadway. When you're ready to call it a night, escape the crowds and come back to your private king retreat.
Please note: The Soundry is not a traditional hotel. We offer a modern, self-service hospitality experience with keyless entry, self check-in, and thoughtfully designed shared amenities.

THE SPACE
Designed with couples, solo travelers, and business guests in mind, this upgraded room features one plush king bed with premium linens and comfortably accommodates up to two guests.
Bold orange and teal accents give the room a fun, modern personality while room-darkening shades help you recharge after a full day, or late night, exploring Nashville.
Your space also includes a full-size refrigerator, stovetop, microwave, coffee maker, cookware, and utensils, giving you the flexibility to enjoy breakfast in bed, keep your favorite drinks cold, or save those Nashville leftovers for later.
Inside your room:
* One king bed with premium linens
* Sleeps up to 2 guests
* Walk-in shower with plush towels
* Full-size refrigerator & kitchenette
* Stovetop, microwave & coffee maker
* Cookware & utensils
* Smart TV
* High-speed WiFi
* Dedicated workspace
* Central climate control
* Room-darkening shades
* Full-length mirror
* Iron & hair dryer
* Keyless self check-in

THE COURTYARD
This is where The Soundry really stands out.
Our shared courtyard was designed for good weather, good company, and a little friendly competition. Start the morning with a round of pickleball, challenge your travel partner to cornhole, fire up the BBQ grills, or grab a seat around the fire pits after exploring Nashville.
The courtyard includes a full pickleball court with equipment provided, cornhole, fire pits, BBQ grills, outdoor seating, ping-pong, and string lights.

Fair warning: the pickleball competition can get serious.

THE LOBBY
Step into our stylish shared lobby featuring modern décor, comfortable seating, and complimentary coffee and espresso available 24/7.
There’s no traditional hotel front-desk routine here. With keyless access and easy self check-in, simply arrive, get settled, grab a coffee, and start enjoying Nashville.

LOCATION: GERMANTOWN
Stay close to Nashville’s biggest attractions without having to sleep in the middle of the downtown crowds.
Germantown is one of Nashville’s most popular neighborhoods, known for its restaurants, coffee shops, local favorites, and convenient access to downtown.
You’ll be approximately:

5-minute walk to nearby restaurants
8-minute walk to Nashville Farmers Market
8-minute drive to Broadway & downtown Nashville
10-minute drive to The Gulch
12-minute drive to Nissan Stadium & Bridgestone Arena
Uber and Lyft make exploring the city easy, and nearby WeGo public transit provides another convenient option.

PARKING
Driving into Nashville? Free street parkingis available on surrounding streets on a first-come, first-served basis. For guests who prefer a dedicated paid option, a parking lot directly across the street is available for $24 per day.
Street parking cannot be reserved or guaranteed.

PERFECT FOR TWO
Whether you're visiting Nashville for a romantic getaway, concert, sporting event, business trip, extended stay, or simply a weekend of exploring Music City, this upgraded King Room makes a great home base for:
* Couples
* Solo travelers
* Business travelers
* Concert & event weekends
* Extended stays
* Birthday & anniversary getaways

GOOD TO KNOW
The Soundry is not a traditional hotel. Our property is built around an easy, self-service guest experience with keyless entry and self check-in.
The courtyard and lobby are shared spaces, so you may see other Soundry guests enjoying the amenities during your stay.
Your room is professionally cleaned and prepared before arrival. Daily housekeeping and turndown service are not automatically provided, but fresh towels and linens are available upon request.

WHY THE SOUNDRY?
Because a Nashville getaway deserves more than just somewhere to sleep.
Wake up in a king bed. Grab a coffee. Play pickleball. Explore Germantown. Hit Broadway. Come back, recharge, and do it all again.
You get the neighborhood feel of Germantown, convenient access to Nashville’s biggest attractions, and a stay with enough personality to become part of the trip itself.

Guest access
Effortless Self Check-In
Skip the front desk and settle in on your schedule. Before arrival, you’ll receive a personal smart-lock access code, making check-in quick, simple, and completely contactless. Our consistently smooth arrival experience has even earned recognition from Airbnb for a Great Check-In Experience, so you can arrive, get comfortable, and start enjoying Nashville right away.

Your Private Space
Your room is thoughtfully designed to give you the comfort of a boutique stay with the convenience of home. You’ll have upgraded King Room that sleeps up to two with premium linens, a private bathroom with a walk-in shower, and a full kitchen equipped with a refrigerator, stovetop, microwave, and coffee maker.

Need to catch up on work or unwind after exploring the city? You’ll also have a dedicated work desk and seating area, a Smart TV for streaming your favorites, and individual climate control to keep the space just the way you like it.

Shared Amenities
Step outside your room and enjoy The Soundry’s inviting shared spaces. Our outdoor courtyard is designed for relaxing, socializing, and having a little fun, with a full pickleball court, fire pits, cornhole, and BBQ grills.
Inside, you’ll find a stylish shared lobby with complimentary access to coffee/espresso machine available 24/7, plus vending machines stocked with quick snacks and drinks.

Parking Made Easy
Driving into Nashville? You have two convenient options:
**Free street parking** is available on nearby streets on a first-come, first-served basis.
A paid parking lot directly across the street is available for $24 per day.

Whether you’re here for a weekend getaway, a Nashville celebration, or a longer stay, The Soundry makes it easy to check in, get comfortable, and enjoy the city.

Other things to note
Pet Policy
We’re happy to welcome your four-legged travel companion! One dog is permitted with a $100 pet fee or a $500 unannounced pet/pets. Please let us know in advance if you’ll be bringing a dog so we can properly prepare for your stay.

At this time, cats are not permitted.

No Smoking or Vaping
The Soundry is a 100% smoke- and vape-free property. Smoking and vaping are prohibited inside guest rooms, the lobby, hallways, and courtyard.
A $200 cleaning fee may be charged for violations of this policy.

Gather, Play & Be Respectful

Coming to Nashville with friends or family? We want you to have a great time! Small, respectful gatherings are welcome, and guests are encouraged to enjoy our shared courtyard, pickleball court, fire pits, BBQ grills, ping-pong, and cornhole.

We simply ask that you:
Keep noise at a respectful level, especially after 
11 PM
Make sure the number of guests matches your reservation
Respect other guests and our neighbors
Avoid excessive noise, illegal activity, and unauthorized guests
Security cameras are located in common and exterior areas to help maintain a safe and enjoyable environment for everyone.

Superhost Hospitality
Stay with confidence knowing you’re in experienced hands. Our team has welcomed hundreds of Nashville guests, and we pride ourselves on providing clean spaces, responsive communication, and an easy arrival experience. Our Airbnb recognition for a Great Check-In Experience reflects what we aim to deliver with every reservation: a smooth arrival, a comfortable stay, and a Nashville experience worth remembering.

Have questions before or during your stay? Send us a message anytime. We’re here to help make your Nashville trip a great one.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Notable Collection
Host User ID: 699711821
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699711821
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
2513 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting