URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1588466316609900835
Latitude: 36.1743
Longitude: -86.7616
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Set on East Nashville's Main Street, The Carter puts you in one of the city's most creative, character-rich corners — laid-back by day, lively by night, and effortlessly local.

🌉 Minutes across the river to downtown Nashville & Broadway
🌅 Shared rooftop patio with sunset skyline views
🍳 4 Bedrooms, balcony, in-unit laundry & full kitchen

The space
East Nashville has a charm all its own — murals on weathered brick, coffee shops where the barista knows the regulars, record stores and patios and easy Sunday mornings that make this side of the river feel less like a destination and more like a neighborhood you already belong to. The Carter lands right in the thick of it, a stylish suite that leans modern and uncluttered, with a hand-painted mural giving the space a character you won't find in a standard rental.

The Suite
Deluxe 4-Bedroom Suite w/ Balcony gives a group room to spread out without losing the easygoing, design-led feel that runs through The Carter. Four bedrooms mean everyone gets a space of their own to land at the end of the day, while the open living areas keep the group together for slow mornings and late catch-ups. A private balcony opens things up further — a spot to step out for fresh air, a first coffee, or a quiet look over the neighborhood. The fully equipped kitchen handles anything from a quick breakfast to a full group dinner, in-suite laundry keeps everyone packing light, and a TV is set up for streaming when it's time to wind down.

Building & Rooftop
Start the morning with a coffee as the neighborhood wakes, then save the evening for the rooftop, where the downtown skyline glows to the west, and the sunset is reason enough to head up.

The Neighborhood
Just outside the door, Five Points anchors East Nashville's food and music scene — a short stroll away and packed with local restaurants, coffee bars, and live venues. Cross the river and Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and Nissan Stadium are only minutes off, putting the energy of downtown close at hand while a calmer, more characterful corner waits for you at the end of the night. Come for a show, a long weekend, or simply a slower kind of trip — The Carter gives you a stylish home base and a real feel for the neighborhood the locals love.

We strive to ensure each guest's experience is exceptional. Please note that while the apartment you receive will meet our high standards of comfort and quality, there may be slight variations in layout and design from the images on the listing. Rest assured, your satisfaction is our priority, and we're here to make your stay memorable.

East Nashville is one of Nashville's oldest neighborhoods, located just across the Cumberland River. Known for its eclectic and artsy atmosphere, you'll find some of the city's best restaurants, live music venues, shopping, and easy access to Nissan Stadium. Bonus: all of the excitement of Broadway is just a 10-minute Uber drive away. Don't be surprised if you see one of your favorite musicians walking around this neighborhood, as many of them call it home!

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home is located in a vibrant, centrally located area of Nashville. While most guests love the energy and walkability of the neighborhood, some city noise can be expected, especially on weekends. We provide earplugs and a sound machine to help ensure a comfortable stay, but if you're sensitive to noise, we recommend bringing any additional items that help you sleep.
- Please note that the furniture's design may differ from what is showcased in the photos. For any queries, please do not hesitate to reach out.
- This space features a sleep sofa included in the advertised occupancy.
- This home allows up to 2 pets for a fee; undisclosed pets brought without AvantStay’s approval may result in a $500 fine per pet.

Parking Details:
- Parking garage is available on a first-come, first-served basis. Please note: spaces are small and best suited for compact vehicles.
- Additional street parking is available along the sides of the property (first-come, first-served).
- No street parking is allowed directly in front of the building.
- If both the garage and side street parking are full, guests must use a nearby paid parking facility at their own expense. 

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620316314

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting