URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1637437142934082370
Latitude: 36.1468
Longitude: -86.8166
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Midtown Nashville at this stylish ground-floor condo just steps from Centennial Park and minutes from Vanderbilt and Broadway. This Retro Modern 2-bedroom retreat features floor-to-ceiling windows, a fully equipped kitchen, in-unit washer and dryer, and convenient same-level parking for easy access during your stay.

Other things to note
Primary renter must be at least 18 years of age. Guests may be asked to present their government issued IDs upon arrival or anytime during their stay. Do not rent this unit for another party. The primary renter must be staying in the unit.

About the Vacation Rental Unit:

Welcome to your Midtown Nashville getaway located at 303 31st Ave N #212, offering comfort, convenience, and an unbeatable location near many of the city’s most popular destinations. This ground-floor condo provides rare easy access with no elevators or stairs required, making arrival and departure simple for guests.

Inside the home, you’ll find a professionally styled Retro Modern design featuring designer furnishings from Crate & Barrel, West Elm, and CB2. Floor-to-ceiling windows allow natural light to brighten the living space, creating a comfortable and welcoming environment after a day exploring Nashville.

The kitchen features quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances, and modern cabinetry, making it easy to prepare meals or enjoy a quiet breakfast before heading out. The unit also includes a washer and dryer, providing convenience for longer stays.

The living area provides a comfortable place to relax, while the thoughtful layout allows guests to spread out and enjoy the space. Whether you're visiting for live music, a university event, or a weekend getaway, this Midtown condo offers both comfort and accessibility in one of Nashville’s most desirable neighborhoods.

This 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom vacation rental features:
Master Bedroom: King Bed
Primary Guest Bedroom: Queen Bed
Master Bathroom: Walk in shower
Primary Guest Bathroom: Shower and tub combo

Maximum Guest Occupancy: 4 Guests (Please note that children under the age of two years still count toward the maximum guest occupancy.)

This condo was designed to provide a stylish and comfortable home base while visiting Nashville. The curated furnishings and modern finishes create a relaxed space where guests can unwind after exploring the city.

Guests will enjoy amenities including Wi-Fi, coffee maker, toaster, washer and dryer, iron and ironing board, and a fully equipped kitchen.

One of the most convenient features of this condo is the assigned parking space located directly outside the back door on the same level as the unit, allowing easy access without elevators or stairs. This rare convenience makes loading luggage and coming and going throughout the day extremely simple.

Guests also have access to the community pool and fitness center located on the same level, making it easy to enjoy a swim or workout during your stay.

With its central location, thoughtful design, and convenient layout, this Midtown condo is the perfect place to experience Nashville.

Parking: 

Assigned parking is located on the same level as the unit just outside the back door, allowing easy access without stairs or elevators.
  
About the Community/Property:

Located in Nashville’s vibrant Midtown district, this property offers easy access to many of the city’s most well-known attractions. The condo sits just across the street from Centennial Park, a beautiful 132-acre park featuring walking trails, open green space, and the famous replica of the Parthenon.

The property is also extremely close to Vanderbilt University, making it a convenient option for campus visits, sporting events, or academic conferences.

Guests will be just 5 minutes from the legendary Music Row, where much of Nashville’s recording history was created. Downtown Nashville is also easily accessible, with Lower Broadway and the famous honky-tonk district less than a 10-minute ride away, giving guests quick access to live music venues, restaurants, and nightlife.

This central location allows visitors to enjoy both the lively energy of downtown Nashville and the walkable charm of the Midtown neighborhood.

Other details to note: 

Upon booking, you’ll receive timely communications about your trip. Access to your professionally cleaned and sanitized home is also convenient with our custom keyless locks. And, if you need anything before, during or after your stay, our local team is ready to help!

Please be aware that there will be NO refunds for Wi-Fi issues as it’s not guaranteed. If reliable Wi-Fi is a must, you are welcome to bring your own internet hotspot.

Non-negotiable rules: No Smoking or Vaping, No Events or Parties, No Firearms. Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am (unless posted signage indicates otherwise).

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 146884195
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/146884195
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Looking to plan a dreamy beach get-away? 30a Seascapes has hundreds of properties, from the salt filled waters of the Gulf, Music City (Nashville), and more. As a #1 rated Superhost, 30a Seascapes provides the best guest experience by way of stunning beachfront properties, topnotch resorts offering fantastic amenities, and excellent customer service. We pride ourselves when it comes to reliable, timely, and clear communication with our clientele.
Born in the 60s
Speaks English and Serbian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
35141 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting