URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/705006683405539353
Latitude: 36.1458
Longitude: -86.7836
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Nashville SUPERHOST!!  Welcome to your 5 star luxury home in Nashville with 2,400 square feet! With 3 large bedrooms and 3.5 baths, this home is perfect for your upscale Nashville vacation.  You'll discover unmatched attention to detail, the comfiest sleeping arrangements, and some of the best views the city has to offer.  Easily walk to all your favorite hot spots including The Gulch, Downtown, and 12 South.

OWNER OPERATED - No 3rd Party Management Company

The space
Welcome to your Nashville home away from home! Experience Music City in style and comfort with our spacious 3-bedroom, 3.5-bathroom retreat, complete with an arcade room and a private rooftop patio that offers breathtaking views of the city skyline.

Located in the heart of Nashville's vibrant neighborhoods, this modern and elegantly designed home embodies the spirit of the city, offering easy access to all the best attractions and entertainment that Nashville has to offer.

Step inside and be greeted by an inviting living space, thoughtfully furnished to provide a cozy ambiance. The open-concept layout allows for seamless interactions between guests, making it perfect for families, friends, or groups looking to create unforgettable memories together.

For music enthusiasts and gamers alike, the arcade room will undoubtedly be the highlight of your stay. Challenge your companions to some friendly competition or relive the nostalgia of classic arcade games – an experience that's sure to delight guests of all ages.

The fully equipped kitchen is a chef's dream, boasting top-of-the-line appliances and ample counter space. Whether you're preparing a home-cooked meal with local ingredients or simply whipping up some snacks to enjoy on the go, this kitchen has everything you need.

As the day winds down, head up to the private rooftop patio, where the magic of Nashville truly comes alive. Sip your favorite drink, bask in the warm Tennessee sun, and take in the panoramic views of the city's skyline. As the night falls, the twinkling lights of downtown Nashville create a captivating atmosphere for relaxation and enjoyment.

When it's time to explore, you'll find that you're just moments away from the city's iconic landmarks, including the Country Music Hall of Fame, Ryman Auditorium, and the vibrant honky-tonks of Broadway. Immerse yourself in the live music scene and experience the soulful melodies that make Nashville a music lover's paradise.

For those seeking a more leisurely experience, stroll through nearby neighborhoods to discover an array of boutiques, art galleries, and delightful eateries, all contributing to the unique charm of Music City.

Come and embrace the true essence of Nashville from the comfort of this exceptional home. Book now and let the rhythm of this incredible city capture your heart during your unforgettable stay!

First floor:
- Family Room Sitting Area with TV
- Full Kitchen with island and bar table
- Bedroom 1 and full bathroom (2 Twin Beds)

Second Floor:
- Bedroom 2 with en suite full bathroom (Queen Size Bed)
- Bedroom 3 with en suite full bathroom (King Sized Bed)
- Laundry Room (guest accessible!)

Third Floor:
- Powder Room (half bathroom)
- Arcade Game Room
- Mini Fridge
- Wet Bar
- TV
- Sleeper Sofa (Queen Size pull out bed and Queen Size Air Mattress)

Rooftop:
- Outdoor sectional seating for 8
- Outdoor table with 4 chairs
- 2 Sun Lounge Chairs
- Views of downtown!

*Premium sheets, pillows, and mattresses for all beds
*Towels, shampoo, body wash, and make-up towels provided

CLOSE AND CONVENIENT WALK TO:

»  The Gulch: 0.7 miles
»  Biscuit Love: 0.7 miles
»  Angel Wings and other popular murals: 0.7 miles
» Music Row: 1 mile
» Bridgestone Arena: 1.2 miles
» Music City Center: 1.3 miles
» Bars on Broadway: 1.5 miles
» 12th South Neighborhood: 1.5 miles
» Sounds Stadium: 2.3 miles 
» Nissan Stadium: 2.2 miles 

NO LOCAL BOOKINGS - Inquiry Only - Select the "Contact Host" Button so we can discuss

PLEASE NOTE: 
PARTIES ARE NOT ALLOWED (Bachelorette and Bachelor groups ARE allowed). 
NO SMOKING ALLOWED
Propane Tank is filled by the owner October - March. One propane tank per stay.

Guest access
Guests can access the home via personalized front door code which will be given to them 3 days before check-in.

2 Cars can park in the driveway and free street parking is available.

Other things to note
Have a question? Select the "Contact Host" button and I'd be happy to answer any questions or booking requests you may have!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jennifer
Host User ID: 477401777
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/477401777
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a Nashville Native that knows all the ins and outs of the city!  I live next door if you need anything. I give you space and typically do not interact unless requested otherwise.
My work: BNB Host
Most useless skill: Doing a handstand
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
156 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting