URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1015066577238301980
Latitude: 36.1441
Longitude: -86.82045
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to this 1 bedroom, 1.5 bathroom West End aparthotel with an open layout and lots of natural light.

・Large smart TV, ample seating, and a comfortable lounge area
・Open kitchen with stainless steel appliances and a dining table
・In-building washer/dryer, WiFi, and self check-in
・0.8 miles from Vanderbilt and Centennial Park
・2.8 miles from Broadway, and Downtown Nashville

Settle in and enjoy an easy Nashville stay with room to relax and gather.

The space
Escape to the heart of Nashville, Tennessee and experience the perfect blend of comfort, style, and convenience in this modern West End vacation rental. This beautifully designed apartment is ideal for couples, business travelers, solo travelers, weekend getaways, extended stays, and anyone looking to explore the best of Music City.

| ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ Guests Reviews ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ |
Here are a few thoughtful notes from recent guests

❛❛ Wonderful facility, great location, met all of our needs.  Extremely clean, safe neighborhood, very spacious. Thank you for a great stay.  ❜❜ (Mark)

❛❛ Great Stay in Nashville! I had a fantastic time staying at this Airbnb during my trip to Nashville! The location was perfect — just a short ride to Broadway and close to great restaurants, coffee shops, and live music venues. The neighborhood felt safe and walkable, with a cool local vibe. The place itself was super clean, stylishly decorated, and well-equipped with everything I needed — from a fully stocked kitchen to extra towels and toiletries. The bed was really comfortable, and the AC worked great (a must in the Nashville heat!). ❜❜ (Alejandra)

❛❛ We really enjoyed our stay here.   The unit was very clean, open, and well decorated.  Vanderbilt, West End, and Broadway are very accessible from this location.  Some of our Ubers were only $10 to the heart of Broadway even during CMA Fest.  The unit is very easily accessible to the 440 loop which made driving around to non-downtown locations very convenient. ❜❜ (Dave)

| 💖 💖 💖 What You'll Love 💖 💖 💖 |

・🅿️  Free parking on premises and elevator access
・🫧  Private washer/dryer, WiFi, and self check-in for a smooth stay
・🏡  Professionally designed by a local interior design studio in Franklin, Tennessee
・📺  Large smart TV and ample seating in the living room for winding down together
・🍳  Open kitchen with stainless steel appliances, a dining table, and an island with seating
・⚠️  Please note: construction will be happening at the building during regular business hours
・💤  1 bedroom, 1.5 bathroom West End aparthotel with an open-concept layout and lots of natural light

Welcome to your Nashville base in West End. This apartment-style stay gives you an easy place to return to after exploring the city, with a layout that feels open and comfortable.

LIVING ROOM
The main living area is set up for easy lounging and conversation.
▷ Ample seating with a large smart TV
▷ Open flow to the kitchen and dining area
▷ Soft neutral finishes with a clean, modern feel

KITCHEN AND DINING
Cook, snack, or gather around the table with plenty of room to share a meal.
▷ Island with seating for three
▷ Dining table for shared meals or takeout nights
▷ Stainless steel refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, and dishwasher
▷ Coffee maker, blender, toaster, cooking basics, dishes, silverware, and wine glasses

BEDROOM
Your bedroom offers a bright, restful place to recharge.
▷ En suite access
▷ Soft linens and ample storage space
▷ Central air-conditioning in the home

BATHROOM
The home includes 1 full bathroom plus a half bath.
▷ An additional half bath for added convenience
▷ Clean, modern sink and vanity in the main bath
▷ Hair dryer, shampoo, conditioner, body soap, and hot water

LAUNDRY AND OTHERS
▷ Free parking on premises
▷ Private washer/dryer in the building
▷ Private entrance and smart lock self-check-in

I’d love to host your stay and make your time in Nashville feel simple and comfortable.

| ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ NEARBY ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ |
▷ 2.1 miles from Belmont Mansion, a history museum
▷ 0.9 miles from FirstBank Stadium for game days and events
▷ 0.9 miles from  The Parthenon, an art museum in Centennial Park
▷ 5.1 miles from Richland Creek Greenway - McCabe Trailhead offers a nearby hiking option
▷ 2.8 miles from Broadway, Vanderbilt, Centennial Park, and Downtown Nashville

・Bridgestone Arena (2.9 miles)
・Ryman Auditorium (2.9 miles)
・Country Music Hall of Fame & Museum (3 miles)
・Music City Walk of Fame Park (3.1 miles)
・Schermerhorn Symphony Center (3 miles)
・Johnny Cash Museum (3 miles)
・Frist Art Museum (2.7 miles)
・The Gulch (2.7 miles)
・Nissan Stadium (5.8 miles)
・Tennessee State Museum (3.2 miles)
・Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park (3.4 miles)
・Nashville Farmers' Market (3.4 miles)
・Centennial Park (0.5 miles)
・The Parthenon (0.9 miles)
・Music Row (2 miles)
・Vanderbilt University (0.8 miles)
・Belmont Mansion (2.1 miles)
・Adventure Science Center (3.6 miles)
・GEODIS Park (6.4 miles)
・Nashville Zoo at Grassmere (8.6 miles)
・Grand Ole Opry (15.3 miles)
・Gaylord Opryland Resort & Gardens (14.4 miles)
・Opry Mills (15 miles)
・Lane Motor Museum (8.3 miles)
・Cheekwood Estate & Gardens (6.5 miles)
・Radnor Lake State Park (7.1 miles)
・Andrew Jackson's Hermitage (18.9 miles)
・Historic Downtown Franklin (19.9 miles)

Whether you're visiting for live music, sporting events, business, or a relaxing Tennessee getaway, this centrally located Nashville apartment offers everything you need for a memorable stay. Book your Nashville vacation rental today and enjoy modern comforts, an unbeatable location, and easy access to the city's most popular attractions, restaurants, entertainment, and nightlife.

Guest access
As our guest, you'll have full access to the entire property, except for a few areas reserved for house supplies.

Other things to note
| ▼ Things to Know |

☑︎ Check-in time: 4:00 PM
☑︎ Check-out time: 10:00 AM
☑︎ Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM - 8:00 AM
☑︎ All guests shall abide good neighbor policy and shall not engage in illegal activity.
☑︎ NO smoking is permitted anywhere on the premises.
☑︎ Streaming services available with guests’ own account(s)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Casago Middle Tennessee 2⁩
Host User ID: 169266942
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/169266942
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish
Lives in Tennessee, United States
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
7553 reviews
4.5 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting