URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1690016118402588290
Latitude: 36.1243
Longitude: -86.789
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Gilmore! A four-bedroom suite inside 12 South's first full-service hotel — the rare Nashville stay where groups get room to spread out and the polish of a boutique property, all steps from the neighborhood's best coffee, shops, and dining.

🏆 #1 of 235 Nashville hotels on TripAdvisor
🌿 Rooftop terrace + leafy Poet's Courtyard access
🛏️ 4 BRs (2 kings + 2 queens) sleep 10, full kitchen & private balcony

The space
European leisure meets Southern charm at The Gilmore — 12 South's first full-service hotel, where Mediterranean-inspired design sets the tone: breezy courtyards built for gathering, a warm lobby, and the kind of small, considered details that make you slow down. And because there's a real team on site, the hospitality here is hands-on, not a help line in another city — right down to a smooth, easy check-in. 

Explore Music City
Set in the heart of 12 South, you're in one of Nashville's most walkable, well-loved neighborhoods, with artisanal boutiques, easygoing cafes, and some of the city's most talked-about restaurants right outside the door. Start the morning with coffee at Frothy Monkey directly across the street, then wander to neighborhood favorites like Burger Up and the Jeni's Ice Cream scoop shop, all an easy stroll away. Downtown is about a ten-minute drive or a quick rideshare, putting the Ryman Auditorium and the honky-tonks of Broadway within easy reach, and the Grand Ole Opry sits roughly fifteen to twenty minutes northeast out by Opry Mills. Come for the live music or the Southern cooking — the city's energy is right there either way. 

Four Bedroom Suite w/ Balcony -
This four-bedroom suite is built for groups who want space without sacrificing polish. Two king bedrooms and two queen bedrooms — all dressed with blackout curtains for genuinely restful sleep — anchor the layout, alongside three full bathrooms. The spacious living area centers on a 65" Samsung Frame TV and a sleeper sofa, with large windows pulling in plenty of natural light. A full-sized kitchen (stove, microwave, sink, fridge) makes it easy to whip up breakfast or pour a nightcap, and a private balcony offers a quiet moment with morning coffee.

Modern Conveniences
Every stay comes with the touches that make a trip easier: full-size toiletries, a dedicated workspace, a Nespresso maker with tea, branded robes, and a clothing steamer for keeping things crisp.

Room to Spread Out
Beyond your room, the building gives you space to gather. The Skyline Terrace serves up rooftop views of the 12 South skyline — bistro tables for a morning coffee, lounge seating for lingering past sunset, and room for up to 50. Down below, the Poet's Courtyard is a leafy, tucked-away spot with a community table, quieter nooks, and the easy option of ordering in from neighboring restaurants; it holds up to 190. And the Gilmore Room is an adaptable indoor space for up to 33, equally suited to a meeting, a wellness session, or a private gathering.

In-Room Spa
When you'd rather not leave at all, in-room spa services come to you — massages, IV drips, and more, arranged around your schedule for an easy reset after a travel day or a night out.

Made for Groups
Planning something bigger? The Gilmore is built for it. Book multiple rooms, a full floor, or the whole hotel, with an on-site events manager to handle vendor options, recommendations, and coordination — wedding, corporate retreat, bachelor or bachelorette weekend, or group getaway. Between the event spaces and the 12 South location, the setting does a lot of the work for you.

Known for its welcoming charm and walkable streets, 12 South offers an eclectic mix of boutique shops, trendy restaurants, and cozy coffeehouses. This sought-after area combines the buzz of a thriving urban community with a friendly, local feel, making it one of Nashville’s most desirable locations. Whether you’re exploring nearby parks or indulging in some of the city’s best dining and shopping, 12 South is the perfect place to experience the energy and character of Music City.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home accepts dogs only and for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- There is no in-unit laundry at this space.

Parking Details:
- Paid self-parking is available on-site in a public underground garage for $40 per night.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620331379

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Gilmore, An AvantStay Hotel
Host User ID: 699547044
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699547044
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to The Gilmore, an AvantStay hotel

A brand-new boutique hotel in Nashville’s vibrant 12 South neighborhood. Inspired by Mediterranean charm, The Gilmore blends luxury and relaxation perfectly.

Enjoy lush courtyards, a welcoming lobby, and exceptional concierge services. Located steps away from local shops, cafes, and music venues, The Gilmore offers unbeatable walkability and convenience.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
119 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting