URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1764558514101398603
Latitude: 36.2083
Longitude: -86.7908
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 12
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Colorful group stays start with two private spaces: a neon game room and a rooftop retreat with a year-round hot tub, skyline view, fire table, charcoal grill, outdoor dining, lounge seating, and putting area. The home also offers four bedrooms, four full bathrooms, a kitchen, laundry, a workspace, a balcony, and parking for two vehicles. The multi-level layout sits just north of downtown Nashville.

The space
The ground level includes one bedroom, one full bathroom, and a garage game room with a pool table, arcade games, and life-size games. The main living level has an open living room, full kitchen, one bedroom, one full bathroom, and a balcony. Two more bedrooms, two full bathrooms, and laundry are on the second floor. The listed sleeping arrangements are a king bed in Bedroom 1; two bunk beds in Bedroom 2; a double bed and one bunk bed in Bedroom 3; and two bunk beds in Bedroom 4. The private rooftop has a hot tub, skyline view, fire table, charcoal grill, outdoor dining, lounge seating, and a putting area.

Guest access
Your reservation includes private use of the entire home: all four bedrooms and bathrooms, the living room, kitchen, balcony, laundry area, game room, and rooftop. Two on-site parking spaces are available. Self check-in uses a smart lock, and luggage drop-off is allowed.

Other things to note
This is a multi-level home, with bedrooms, living areas, and the rooftop on different floors. Check-in is after 4:00 PM, checkout is before 10:00 AM, and pets are not allowed. Exterior security cameras and noise-monitoring devices are present. 

The house is just 4 miles/ 10 minutes drive from Downtown Nashville. Nearby attractions 📍

This part of Nashville is commonly marketed as a convenient base for exploring Downtown, Lower Broadway, East Nashville, and Germantown. Visit Music City describes East Nashville as a popular area for innovative restaurants, dive bars, creative cocktails, live music, art, and vintage shopping, while Germantown is known for its walkable feel, brunch spots, bars, acclaimed restaurants, the Farmers’ Market, and museums. Lower Broadway remains the heart of Downtown’s live-music scene.

Lower Broadway 🎶 – Nashville’s famous live music strip and nightlife hub.
East Nashville 🍸 – great for food, drinks, local shops, and live-music energy.
Germantown 🍽️ – walkable, polished, and packed with restaurants and brunch spots.
Ryman Auditorium 🎤 – one of Nashville’s most iconic live-performance venues.
Nissan Stadium 🏟️ – a major Nashville venue for sports, concerts, and events.
Nearby restaurants 🍽️

The Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden 🍔🍺 – a well-known East Nashville burger and beer spot.
Butcher & Bee 🥗 – stylish East Nashville dining with seasonal, vegetable-forward, Middle Eastern-leaning plates.
Redheaded Stranger 🌮 – East Nashville taco favorite known for tacos, brisket, Hatch green chiles, and Tex-Mex flavors.
Five Points Pizza 🍕 – popular for New York-style pizza in East Nashville.
Monell’s 🍗 – a classic Germantown option for family-style Southern food.

STR-Permit-2026000970

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kathleen
Host User ID: 686472847
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/686472847
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Kathleen! I’m an entrepreneur, interior design lover, and short-term rental host passionate about creating beautiful, welcoming spaces. I’ve lived all over the Birmingham area for 20 years and love sharing local favorites. When I’m not styling rentals or hosting guests, you’ll find me and my husband working out or playing video games. I believe every stay should feel like home—only better!
Where I went to school: University of Alabama at Birmingham
My work: Host & House Wife
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
4543 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting