URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1445729236022411693
Latitude: 36.15957
Longitude: -86.50478
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Rest & recharge near Nashville at Cozy Country Sanctuary — a peaceful extended-stay retreat designed for slower mornings, cozy evenings, and intentional relaxation. Enjoy café-lit patio nights, fire pit conversations, comfy living spaces, and easy access to Nashville, Old Hickory Lake, shops, dining, and family attractions. Clean, no-pet home with HOA pool/playground access. Designed for calm, comfort, and longer restorative stays.

The space
Imagine stepping into a peaceful space where everything feels slower… cozy evenings under café lights, quiet mornings with coffee on the patio, and a calmer pace just outside Nashville.

Welcome to Cozy Country Sanctuary — a peaceful extended-stay retreat intentionally designed for rest, recharge, and slower living near Nashville and Old Hickory Lake.

After exploring the city, concerts, shopping, dining, or nearby lake areas, guests love returning home to a quieter atmosphere designed for comfort, connection, and emotional reset. The sanctuary combines cozy indoor living with relaxing outdoor spaces that encourage guests to slow down, unwind, and enjoy a more restorative stay experience.

Inside, you’ll find comfortable living spaces, a fully equipped kitchen, cozy bedrooms, and thoughtful touches designed to make longer stays feel easy and relaxing. Outside, enjoy peaceful evenings on the café-lit patio, fire pit conversations under the lights, outdoor dining, and quiet mornings surrounded by greenery and nature.

Located in Mount Juliet near Providence Marketplace, the sanctuary offers easy access to Nashville events, CMA Fest, Old Hickory Lake, restaurants, shopping, and family attractions — while still providing a calmer and more peaceful residential atmosphere away from the downtown rush.

Unlike fast-paced weekend rentals, Cozy Country Sanctuary was intentionally designed around longer stays that allow guests to truly settle in, decompress, and experience a slower pace.

Perfect for:
• couples getaways
• remote workers
• family extended stays
• Nashville visitors wanting quieter evenings
• wellness and reset stays
• guests seeking rest and recharge near the city

Guests enjoy access to:
• café-lit backyard patio
• fire pit area
• outdoor dining & grill
• HOA pool & playground access
• peaceful walkable neighborhood
• fully equipped kitchen
• comfortable extended-stay living spaces

Clean, peaceful, and intentionally designed for restorative stays near Nashville.

Guest access
Guests enjoy private access to the main-level sanctuary spaces, including:

3 bedrooms
2 bathrooms
living room
dining area
fully equipped kitchen
peaceful backyard patio and outdoor seating areas

The home was intentionally designed to support comfortable, relaxing extended stays with both indoor and outdoor spaces for unwinding after exploring Nashville or nearby lake areas.

To help preserve the clean and peaceful environment guests love, the home is pet-free.

The garage and upstairs bonus room are not part of the guest-accessible areas.

For guests staying during weekly pickup, trash bins are placed curbside Wednesday evening for Thursday morning collection and returned afterward in accordance with HOA community guidelines.

Other things to note
Cozy Country Sanctuary is located in a peaceful residential HOA community designed for quieter extended stays and a calmer pace near Nashville. One of the things guests love most about the sanctuary is the relaxing neighborhood atmosphere, and we deeply appreciate guests helping preserve that experience for both visitors and neighbors.

The home is intentionally pet-free and designed for longer, restorative stays rather than fast-paced weekend party travel.

Guests staying during weekly trash pickup are kindly asked to place bins curbside Wednesday evening for Thursday morning collection and return them afterward in accordance with HOA community guidelines.

Please note:
• No pets
• No parties or events
• Garage and upstairs bonus room are not guest-accessible areas

Thank you for helping us maintain the peaceful atmosphere that makes Cozy Country Sanctuary special.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Regina
Host User ID: 186828956
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/186828956
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Regina, host of Cozy Country Sanctuary — a peaceful extended-stay retreat designed for rest, recharge, and slower living just outside Nashville. I’ve intentionally created a warm, calming space with cozy indoor comfort, café-lit evenings, and relaxing outdoor spaces where guests can truly unwind after exploring the city or nearby lake areas. I’m always happy to share local recommendations or help make your stay feel easy, peaceful, and restorative.
Lives in Addison, Illinois
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
5 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting