URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1081235308508056254
Latitude: 36.1785
Longitude: -86.7588
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 10
beds: 22
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Cowgirl Disco, where the 70’s meets Western Chic! Designed to comfortably accommodate 24 guests, these two adjacent homes are the epitome of comfort! With a total of 8 bedrooms, 2 private dens, 23 beds and 12 full bathrooms, both homes are perfect for families or large groups! Bachelor/Bachelorette ready!!

The space
THIS LISTING INCLUDES TWO HOMES. UNIT "C" and "D."

**PARKING- There are 3, first come first serve compact spaces between units "C" and "D." They are in the alley way. 

*UNIT "C" LAYOUT
First floor 
Kitchen (Keurig and drop coffee pots), living room, full bathroom with shower only

Second floor
1st bedroom - King, en-suite bathroom with tub/shower combo

Laundry room

2nd bedroom - 2 twins, en-suite bathroom with tub/shower combo

Third floor
3rd bedroom - king, twin day bed, en-suite bathroom with shower only

4th bedroom - queen, en-suite bathroom with shower only

Fourth floor-

5th bedroom - twin with twin trundle, en-suite bathroom with shower only 

Living room (Pull out couch)
*rooftop patio

-
-
-

UNIT "D" LAYOUT
First floor - kitchen (Keurig coffee pot), living room, full bath with tub/shower combo

Second floor
1st bedroom - Queen, en-suite with tub/shower combo

Laundry room

2nd bedroom - 2 twins, en-suite with tub/shower combo

Third floor
3rd bedroom - King, twin day bed with twin trundle, en-suite bathroom with shower only

4th bedroom - queen with twin trundle, en-suite with shower only

4th floor 
5th bedroom - twin with twin trundle, en-suite with shower only 

Living room, rooftop

You’ll have easy access to Broadway, 12South, Music Row, The Gulch, and Edgehill. Whether you're in town celebrating, or simply exploring, you'll love the convenience of being centrally located in this spot!

Drive Times

• 5 minutes- Broadway
• 8 minutes- The Gulch
• 10 minutes- 12th South
• 4 minutes or 25 min walk- Nissan Stadium
• 10 minutes- Music Row
• 10 minutes- Edgehill
• 3 minutes- Kroger Grocery
• 7 minutes- SoBro
• 10 minutes- Midtown
• 15-20 minutes- Nashville International Airport (BNA)

Here are a few more highlights we think you’ll love: 

• Rooftop deck with TV, wet bar, and ample lounging spaces
• All 12 baths are large and well-appointed for the entire group
• Smart TVs in every bedroom
• Karaoke machine
• Modern door locking system. Your group will be given one unique code, so everyone can come and go as they please
• Fully equipped kitchen for making late night snacks, crafting cocktails, morning coffee and everything in between.

Whether you want your vacation to turn it up or wind it down, Nashville can do it all. With its rich musical history, creative culture, and award winning food, it creates the perfect setting for unforgettable days or nights out with your favorite people. Dig into some Jeni’s ice cream, catch a show, take a stroll down neon-lit Broadway after dark, then come home to the solace of your luxury townhome. Your vacation awaits and we can’t wait to see you!

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
STRP# 2021042455 & 2021039851

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting