URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/50613177
Latitude: 36.16704
Longitude: -86.73643
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our charming 3-bedroom home in vibrant East Nashville, Tennessee! Nestled in one of the city's most sought-after neighborhoods, our eclectic haven offers a unique and memorable stay in Music City. Whether you’re here with family, friends, or on business, our home provides the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and local flavor.

The space
Experience the charm and comfort of our updated 3-bedroom house in vibrant East Nashville. Relax in the cozy living area with a plush sofa, flat-screen TV with streaming services, and a variety of board games and puzzles.

The fully equipped kitchen features modern appliances, ample counter space, and all necessary cookware and utensils for your culinary creations.

Each of the three unique bedrooms offers its own comfort and character. The master and second bedrooms have queen-sized beds, while the third bedroom has two twin beds and one queen bed. Modern amenities include flat-screen TVs and complimentary Wi-Fi.

We provide ample supplies, including paper towels, toilet paper, and linens. For security, a front yard Ring camera and a keypad lock ensure easy and secure self-check-in.

Entertainment options include Roku devices connected to the living room and bedroom TVs. Log in to your streaming accounts and enjoy your favorite shows and movies during your stay in East Nashville.

We prioritize your comfort and convenience, following Airbnb and CDC guidelines for cleanliness and sanitation. Book your stay with us today and indulge in the comfort and amenities of our well-equipped house. We can't wait to host you and provide an unforgettable Nashville experience.

Guest access
During your stay, you will have exclusive access to this entire home, providing you with a private and personal retreat. The owner's locked closets and basement will remain off-limits, ensuring your privacy and the security of their personal belongings. Enjoy the freedom and comfort of having the entire home to yourself, making it a truly memorable experience.

Other things to note
Within walking distance, you'll discover some fantastic spots to enhance your stay. Roy's Meat Service is a fantastic little convenience store where you can find essentials and perhaps even sample some local treats. Frothy Monkey Coffee Shop is nearby, offering a cozy atmosphere to enjoy a cup of coffee or a light bite. 

Shelby Bottoms Park, located next to the home, offers 900 acres of beautiful green space ideal for leisurely walks, picnics, and nature immersion. The scenic trails of Shelby Bottoms Greenway in East Nashville are perfect for walking, biking, and running, connecting diverse habitats and providing a tranquil escape from the city's hustle.

If you would like an early check in or late check out, please ask in advance and we will do our best to work around your schedule. We are unable to accommodate last minute requests.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Wendy
Host User ID: 344210
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/344210
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Mom. Writer. Dreamer. Traveler.

I enjoy meeting new people through travel.  I love intellectual conversation, a good laugh or those who push me outside my comfort zone. I love that AirBnB encourages more interaction with locals, helping to encourage deeper connections both with people and places. 

I enjoy: Reading. Writing. Traveling. Water. Being outdoors.

My philosophy: Tread lightly. Love deeply. Travel often. Give openly. Laugh it off and live long.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
442 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting