URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1752338805763008599
Latitude: 36.1673
Longitude: -86.8147
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
We’d be delighted to host you during your time in Music City! Our comfortable 4-story Nashville townhome was thoughtfully designed to give families and groups a welcoming place to relax, spend time together, and make great memories.

The home features 3 private bedroom suites, a spacious kitchen for gathering and sharing meals, and a private rooftop deck where you can unwind and enjoy beautiful Nashville sunsets.

The space
Welcome to Your Nashville Home Away From Home 🎶

Thank you for considering our home for your Nashville getaway! We know you have many wonderful places to choose from in Music City, and we truly appreciate the opportunity to host you.

Our welcoming 4-story Nashville townhome is designed to give families and groups a comfortable place to relax, spend time together, and enjoy everything Nashville has to offer. Featuring 3 private bedroom suites, a spacious kitchen and gathering area, a private rooftop deck, and accommodations for up to 12 guests, there’s room to enjoy the city together while still having private spaces to unwind.

Whether you're visiting for a family vacation, friends' getaway, birthday celebration, reunion, bachelorette weekend, concert, or simply a few days exploring Nashville, we hope you'll feel right at home.

🏡 The Space

Spread across four stories, our home offers a comfortable balance between shared gathering spaces and private sleeping areas.

You'll enjoy:

3 private bedroom suites
Accommodations for up to 12 guests
Spacious kitchen and dining area
Comfortable shared living spaces
Private rooftop deck
Beautiful Nashville sunset views
Private 1-car garage
1 additional driveway parking space
Convenient access to Nashville attractions
Optional concierge and transportation services

Please note that this is a 4-story townhome and stairs are required to access the different levels and rooftop deck. We want to be transparent about the layout so every guest can determine whether the home is a comfortable fit for their group.

🛏️ Space to Relax

After a full day exploring Nashville, everyone deserves a comfortable place to recharge.

Our three private bedroom suites provide your group with dedicated sleeping spaces, while the multi-level design offers additional separation and privacy.

Whether you're traveling with family, couples, or friends, we hope the home provides a relaxing place to reconnect between your Nashville adventures.

🍳 Gather Around the Kitchen

Vacations are often about the moments you share together, and our spacious kitchen provides a central gathering place for your group.

Enjoy breakfast before heading into the city, prepare a family meal, order your favorite Nashville takeout, or simply gather around to plan your next adventure.

Make yourself comfortable and enjoy the space as your home away from home.

🌅 Private Rooftop Deck

One of our favorite features of the home is the private rooftop deck.

After exploring Music City, head upstairs and enjoy the Nashville evening air and beautiful sunset views. It's a wonderful place for conversation, photos, and relaxing with your group.

We simply ask that guests remain mindful of our neighbors and observe all community quiet hours.

🚗 Parking

The home provides parking for a maximum of 2 vehicles:

1 vehicle inside the private garage
1 vehicle in the designated driveway space

Please plan accordingly if your group will be arriving with more than two vehicles. Additional vehicles should not be parked in unauthorized areas or in a manner that blocks neighboring properties, sidewalks, or access points.

If your group would prefer not to worry about multiple vehicles, ask us about our optional transportation services.

✨ Full Concierge Services Available

Want to make your Nashville getaway even easier? Optional concierge services are available for an additional fee.

Depending on availability, our concierge team can assist with services such as:

Private transportation
Airport pickup and drop-off
Group transportation
Transportation to restaurants, concerts, and nightlife
Local recommendations
Celebration and trip-planning assistance
Other personalized guest requests

Concierge and transportation services are optional, subject to availability, and provided for an additional fee.

Please message us in advance if you're interested so we can discuss available options and pricing.

🎸 Perfect for Your Nashville Getaway

Our home can be a wonderful fit for:

Family vacations
Friends traveling together
Birthday getaways
Reunions
Bachelorette weekends
Concert and event weekends
Couples traveling together
Weekend escapes
Extended Nashville stays

Celebrations are welcome, but parties, disruptive gatherings, and unauthorized events are not permitted. We kindly ask every guest to respect our home, neighbors, occupancy limits, quiet hours, and Airbnb's community standards.

📍 Your Home Base in Music City

Spend your days discovering everything Nashville is known for—live music, incredible restaurants, entertainment, nightlife, sporting events, shopping, and unforgettable neighborhoods.

When you're ready to slow things down, come back to your own private space, relax with your group, and enjoy the rooftop as the sun goes down.

❤️ Our Commitment to Our Guests

Hospitality means a great deal to us.

Our goal is to provide a welcoming, clean, comfortable, and accurately represented home where you can focus on enjoying your Nashville experience.

If something isn't right during your stay, please message us through Airbnb as soon as possible. We genuinely want the opportunity to help and resolve concerns while you're with us.

Guest feedback is always appreciated, and we continuously work to make the experience better.

📝 A Few Things to Know Before Booking

We want you to feel confident that our home is the right fit for your group. Before reserving, please review the listing photos, sleeping arrangements, amenities, House Rules, and property layout.

Please remember:

This is a 4-story townhome
Stairs are required
Maximum occupancy is 12 guests
Parking is limited to 2 vehicles total
Parking includes 1 garage space + 1 driveway space
Additional parking is not provided
Only registered overnight guests are permitted
No unauthorized parties or disruptive gatherings
Please respect our neighbors and community
Optional concierge and transportation services are available for an additional fee
Please review all House Rules before booking

Have a question before reserving? Please reach out. We'd much rather answer your questions beforehand and make sure the home is a great match for your trip.

🎶 We Look Forward to Welcoming You

Nashville is an incredible city, and we'd be grateful to have our home be a small part of your experience.

Come enjoy the music, food, celebrations, and energy that make Nashville special. At the end of your adventures, return to a comfortable home, gather with the people you came with, and enjoy a Nashville sunset from your private rooftop.

Thank you for considering our home. We look forward to welcoming you to Music City! 🤠🎸

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Alex And Hosting Team
Host User ID: 721515348
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721515348
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks Portuguese
Lives in Las Vegas, Nevada
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
11 months hosting
539 reviews
4.52 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting