URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/20271121
Latitude: 36.1314
Longitude: -86.796
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
We invite you to visit our home for a comfortable and memorable visit to Nashville. Our Guest Suite was renovated in 2024 and includes 2 BR, 2 bath, and a living room with kitchenette and Queen sofa trundle bed. We are a short walk to Hillsboro Village, 12 South, Belmont & Vanderbilt Universities, restaurants, coffee shops, and a grocery store. We live upstairs with our young daughter and dog. Guests have a private side entrance and off-street parking (1 car). Street parking is also available.

The space
One block from Belmont University and Fisher Center for the Performing Arts. 

We live in a home built in 1940 which we renovated in 2024, adding the 900 square feet guest suite to the lower level. A private entrance and off street parking for one car is provided for our guests. 

Our Guest Suite includes a comfortable living room and kitchen area with a Queen sofa trundle bed, a bathroom with a walk-in shower and two additional bedrooms (one with a Queen bed and one with twin beds) with a shared bathroom. We have WiFi, and television with streaming services. We take pride in the quality of our mattresses, linens, appliances and decor. 

Our goal is to provide our guests the most comfortable and "home away from home" experience possible as they stay in our lovely city.

PLEASE NOTE: We live upstairs and do our best to keep quiet especially during quiet hours which are from 10 PM  - 7 AM. Although we do our best to keep as quiet as possible so as not to disturb guests, we have an 8-year old daughter who wakes up around 6:30 AM, and Charlie, our Goldendoodle. It is likely  you will hear us, although we try to keep everyone as quiet as possible (not always easy with an 8-year old!). We provide white noise machines in each of bedrooms to help ensure a comfortable stay. However, if you're planning on staying out late and sleeping in late undisturbed, this might not be the best place for you. We like to be completely honest to help manage expectations so our guests have a great trip.  

We have many amenities for families with children that we can make available upon request (Pack n Play crib, baby monitor, books, toys, etc.). Please feel free to ask!

WASHER/DRYER: We can provide access to a washer and dryer for stays of one week or longer.

Guest access
Guests have access to the parking pad in our driveway for one vehicle, as well as free street parking. The private entry into the guest suite is easily accessible down a few steps and stone pathway.

Other things to note
A little about us: John works for a nonprofit that provides music and educational programming in a Nashville park. He knows just about everything regarding the Nashville music scene and is happy to provide suggestions to make sure you have a great musical experience in Music City. Catherine is a stay-at-home mom that does decorating, sewing, and rental management on the side. She is responsible for our Airbnb’s colorfully creative decor.

We look forward to hosting responsible and mature adults. We've taken great care to build our home and expect our guests to be respectful to our space. Please no parties or events, and absolutely no smoking of any kind. 

We allow guests to use our driveway which fits one car, and there is typically plenty of additional parking available on our street.

We welcome you to visit Nashville and experience our home for yourself.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Catherine And John
Host User ID: 19258700
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/19258700
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! We have lived in Nashville for over 20 years and enjoy hosting visitors here, as well as our vacation homes in Valle Crucis, NC and Lake Malone, KY (check out our listings there!). John is from NY and is the director of Centennial Park Conservancy, a nonprofit that runs free music and youth education programs in Centennial Park. Catherine spends her time managing our rental properties as well as hanging out with our daughter, Tessa!
Born in the 70s
Where I went to school: UNC, NYU, and Columbia
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
1002 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting