URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1711170140248724012
Latitude: 35.919
Longitude: -86.6885
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nolensville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 5
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
A custom estate on 10 private, gated acres in the Williamson County hills, with panoramic views to Nashville's skyline. Heated pool, hot tub, multiple decks, fire pits, and a pool table/ping pong room. Sleeps up to 12. Minutes from Nolensville & Franklin.

The space
Welcome to the Above Nashville Tranquility!

A gated entrance and a long private drive set the tone the moment you arrive, climbing through ten wooded acres to a custom home built in the spirit of the Omni Grove Park Inn. Rustic lodge materials meet comfortable, upscale finishes across three levels, and walls of glass paired with wraparound covered decking keep the surrounding valley in view from nearly every room — right through to the distant city lights after dark.

Much of the living here happens outside. Stone patios step down to the heated pool and hot tub, the wraparound decks offer ample room for dining and relaxing, and the fire pits scattered across the grounds each stake out their own gathering spot. When the weather turns, the lower recreation level takes over, anchored by the pool table and ping pong topper and opening to living and dining space beneath high ceilings. Inside, five flexible sleeping spaces — including a room that works equally well as a bedroom or private office — combine with a sleeper sofa and additional bedding to comfortably accommodate the whole group, while the primary suite opens to its own covered deck for morning coffee or a sunset over the hills.

Set on a private hillside in Williamson County, the property strikes a rare balance of seclusion and access, with Franklin's Main Street a short drive away and Nashville close whenever you want it. Come early July, the deck turns into the best seat in the house, with fireworks lighting up across the surrounding towns — one more reason a stay here tends to slow down in the best way.

This property is regularly set for 8 guests but can host up to 12 with owner approval and additional large group fee. All guests must be pre-approved to rent this estate. A full guest list will be required. 

Room Descriptions

Main Floor
Office Bedroom with en suite full bathroom. Twin or Queen FG beds can be added.

2nd Floor
King Primary Bedroom with en suite full bathroom
Queen Guest Bedroom with shared hall full bathroom
Bunk Room with Queen, Twin, Twin Trundle Guest Bedroom with shared hall full bathroom

Basement Floor
Twin FG beds can be added.

The Above Vacation Residences Difference
Luxury & Concierge Services: Enjoy unforgettable service from our attentive staff, luxury spa amenities, soft linens, and more. Our Concierge Managers cater to your needs, creating unique experiences tailored to your stay.

House Manager: Your personal House Manager will greet you upon arrival, ensure daily refreshes, and be available 24/7 to guarantee a 5-star experience.

Curated Residences: In a sea of sparsely furnished rental properties, our homes stand ABOVE as they many are primary residences. Each is meticulously cared for and furnished, offering top-tier amenities and decor. Combined with concierge services, each stay feels uniquely local. Please note that some spaces will be locked and owner belongings may be present.

Cleaning Standards: We follow strict CDC/VRMA disinfecting protocols, focusing on high-touch areas.

Disclaimer: Room configurations, decor, and contents may have changed since photos were taken. Hot tub heating is complimentary and managed by request with your house manager. Not all pools can be heated. Pool heating is available by request and approval, with a fee of $500 for 3 days, subject to seasonal availability.

Booking Info: All bookings must be pre-approved. “Click to book” is a request, not a confirmation, ensuring alignment with Homeowner and Guest expectations.

Pets: Pets are not allowed at this property.

No events or outside vendors are permitted that will exceed the capacity of the house without written pre-approval from ABOVE Vacation Residences.

Important: We do not rent to groups or events that may disrupt the neighborhood. Final approval follows a conversation ensuring respect for neighbors and house rules. NO DISRUPTIVE GUESTS.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brian Joseph
Host User ID: 210733801
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/210733801
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
ABOVE Vacation Residences 
 
Who We Are.

Over the years, ABOVE has quietly become the go to leader for connecting the most discerning guests, with private luxury properties. Founded on the promise of exclusivity and complete privacy, ABOVE manages only the country’s finest and most exclusive homes and estates available for lease.  

ABOVE’s concept and unique approach to home and estate rentals can only be found in the management of the world's pinnacle and iconic hotels.  Our process is designed to match the most discerning guests, with the appropriate homeowners, whilst delighting both through our unique and proprietary experiences.

How We Are Different.

Each home represented can only be approved by our Standards Selection Board, in turn most home applications received are not able to join ABOVE. This intense, 250-point process insures our homes meet ABOVE’s strict and uncompromising luxury standards.  This impartial, standards driven, demanding process separates ABOVE from the all vacation rental companies today.  Tight and uncompromising controls gives our guests the quality, confidence, and comfort they require.  

Formed by three luxury hospitality veterans, and guided by a private 5-Diamond hotel company, ABOVE’s guests and owners appreciate the uncommonly high level of standardization of amenities, concierge and travel services, event planning, and that true attention missing in today's vacation property experiences.

If you and your group are looking for an exceptional level of quality and experience in a vacation rental, we invite you to visit our signature homes. 

If you are an owner of a unique and one-of-a-kind property that would like to apply to the ABOVE portfolio, please reach out to us. 

We would love to hear from you. 

ABOVE-Curators of Exceptional Guest & Owner Experiences.
My work: Hospitality Pro
Favorite song in high school: Come on Eileen
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
161 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting