URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1549341196399268742
Latitude: 36.1644
Longitude: -86.7807
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Two luxury suites, 8 private en-suite bedrooms, and an unbeatable downtown location make the Roxie & Carraway Suites the ultimate Nashville getaway. Set inside the iconic Starr Piano Building just two blocks from Broadway, this boutique-style retreat features spacious gathering areas, bold designer interiors, and a dedicated concierge. Perfect for family reunions, group getaways, celebrations, corporate retreats, and Music City adventures. 🌆

The space
Spanning two entire floors of Nashville history, the Roxie + Carraway Suites offer nearly 5,000 square feet of indulgent downtown living. From the vibrant, neon-accented energy of the Roxie Suite to the earth-inspired serenity of the Carraway Suite, every detail has been thoughtfully designed for relaxation, celebration, and connection.

Inside, you’ll find:
Two fully stocked kitchens with island seating, perfect for group cooking or cocktail hours
Two spacious living areas with smart TVs and soaring ceilings
A pool table, built-in bar, and open-concept dining areas ideal for entertaining
Washer and dryer in each suite for added convenience
High-speed Wi-Fi and smart TVs in every bedroom
Personalized concierge service to arrange dinner reservations, in-home massages, grocery deliveries, or curated local experiences
Whether you’re hosting a family reunion, a corporate retreat, or a milestone celebration, the Starr Piano Suites offer the perfect blend of historic character and modern luxury.

Parking: Complimentary overnight garage parking for two vehicles is available nearby.

Sleeping Arrangements:

Roxie Suite (1st Floor)
airbnb.com/h/theroxieatstarrpianosuites
Bedroom 1: King bed + twin rollaway
Bedroom 2: King bed
Bedroom 3: Queen bed
Bedroom 4: Queen bed
Living Room: Queen-sized air mattress

Carraway Suite (2nd Floor)
airbnb.com/h/thecarrawayatstarrpianosuites
Bedroom 1: King bed + twin rollaway
Bedroom 2: King bed
Bedroom 3: King bed
Bedroom 4: Queen bed
Living Room: Queen-sized air mattress

Total: 8 bedrooms | 8 bathrooms | Sleeps up to 24 guests

Starr Piano Building: 
The Starr Piano Building is a historic 1880s Queen Anne landmark that has been thoughtfully reimagined as a luxury boutique vacation rental in the heart of downtown Nashville. Originally home to one of the South’s leading piano and organ retailers, it also holds the distinction of being Nashville’s first record store, offering early recordings by musical legends like Louis Armstrong, Gene Autry, and Charley Patton. This iconic building is a living tribute to the city's rich musical roots, spanning from ragtime and early jazz to Nashville’s modern-day rhythm. Whether you're drawn to music history, timeless architecture, or upscale urban stays, the Starr Piano Building offers a one-of-a-kind experience that beautifully bridges the past and present of Music City.

About Hallson Hospitality:  
At Hallson Hospitality, we pride ourselves on being a locally owned company committed to providing a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that meet the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our dedicated team of hospitality professionals is focused on creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for every guest. We offer a variety of Experience Add-ons to enhance your stay, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, yoga sessions and more.

Thank you for considering The Roxie and Carraway Suites for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Prior to your arrival, you’ll receive a detailed email containing everything you need for a seamless check-in experience, including directions, property details, and app access for contactless entry.

Other things to note
Please note that onsite parking is not available. Two complimentary parking spaces are included in the Sheraton Grand parking garage, just two blocks from the Starr Piano Building.

Parking Disclosure: While one complimentary overnight parking space with full in-and-out privileges is provided, availability may be limited during major Nashville events (such as New Year’s Eve or CMA Fest). The Sheraton Grand garage is self-park, and guests will receive an access card upon arrival.

As required by building regulations, the master bathroom includes a shower designed for accessibility. Accordingly, the shower features a curtain rather than a glass enclosure to accommodate these standards.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Luxury Collection
Host User ID: 707365269
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/707365269
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hospitality
Most useless skill: Making guests happy
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
98 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting