URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1077939869881251307
Latitude: 36.1936
Longitude: -86.7642
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Disco Dollhouse—a vibrant, pink-filled getaway made for unforgettable girl trips, birthdays, and bachelorettes! This 3-bedroom, 3-bath townhome is just 2.8 miles from downtown and 2.5 miles from Nissan Stadium. With space for 8 guests, a private rooftop, and a walkable East Nashville location, you're perfectly set up for fun, food, and music.

The space
Designed with personality and comfort in mind, this three-level home has everything you need for a memorable stay.

Highlights include:
Sleeps up to 8 guests
3 bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms
Rooftop deck with lounge seating
Fully stocked kitchen with stainless steel appliances
TVs in the living room and all bedrooms
High-speed Wi-Fi
Washer and dryer
Linens, towels, and basic essentials provided

Sleeping Arrangements:
Bedroom 1: One queen bed
Bedroom 2: One queen bed
Bedroom 3: Two twin bunk beds (4 beds)

Local Highlights: 
Walk a few blocks to some of Nashville’s most famous restaurants and enjoy the flavors of Nashville and even walk to Titans games on game days. Dine close by and you can choose to enjoy your pick of a variety of cuisines including Nashville Hot Chicken, Mexican, Middle Eastern, Japanese Mex Fusion, All American, and many many more. Nearby you'll find Southern Grist, Red Headed Stranger, Audrey, The Pharmacy Burger, Más Tacos, Lyra, Peninsula, Rosepepper, and Graze. 

The list of amazing restaurants within 5-7 minutes of the house is extensive, including local shops and cafes.

Whether you're celebrating something special or just looking for a stylish place to relax with friends, the Disco Dollhouse is your home base for fun, comfort, and unforgettable memories in Nashville. Book your stay today!

Other things to note
Please review the following information before booking:

By booking this property, you agree to all policies listed below:

GUEST REQUIREMENTS AND VERIFICATION
The primary guest must be at least 23 years old and must stay at the property throughout the reservation unless written approval is provided in advance. The primary guest is responsible for the reservation and the conduct of all registered guests and visitors.
For the safety and protection of our guests and properties, reservations may require identity verification and screening through a secure third-party service. This may include a signed rental agreement, valid government-issued photo identification, a live selfie, and reservation screening. The name on the identification must match the name on the reservation.
When required, verification instructions will be emailed after booking and must be completed before check-in instructions are released. Please check your spam or junk folder if you do not receive the email.
SECURITY DEPOSIT
For reservations where a security deposit is applicable and disclosed, a $350 refundable security deposit is required before check-in.
The deposit may be applied toward documented costs resulting from property damage, missing items, excessive cleaning, smoking, unauthorized pets or occupants, lockouts, lost access items, or other house-rule violations. Any remaining balance will be released after check-out in accordance with the reservation terms.
HOUSE-RULE VIOLATIONS, DAMAGES, AND CHARGES
Guests are responsible for following all house rules, property policies, and community requirements disclosed in the listing or provided before check-in.
House-rule violations may result in charges starting at $350 when the violation causes or requires additional cleaning, remediation, property damage, replacement of missing items, lockout or security services, unauthorized occupancy or pet-related costs, or another documented loss or expense.
The amount requested will be based on the circumstances and supported by applicable evidence, such as photographs, videos, inspection reports, guest communications, device records, estimates, receipts, or invoices. Charges may exceed $350 when the documented cost of addressing the violation is greater.
Serious or repeated violations, fraudulent activity, or conduct that threatens people, property, or the peaceful enjoyment of others may result in termination of the stay and removal from the property. Refund eligibility will be determined according to the reservation terms and applicable policies.
HOUSE RULES
• Smoking, parties, events, disruptive behavior, and excessive noise are prohibited.
• Quiet hours and all property or community rules must be followed.
• Only registered guests are permitted, and maximum occupancy may not be exceeded.
• Pets are not allowed unless expressly permitted by the listing or approved in writing.
• Furniture, décor, appliances, and electronics may not be moved or altered.
• Tampering with locks, Wi-Fi equipment, monitoring devices, cameras, or safety equipment is prohibited.
• Mail and package deliveries are not permitted. The host is not responsible for lost, delayed, or returned deliveries.
• Glitter, confetti, paint, glue, and unapproved decorations are prohibited.
• Guests must maintain reasonable cleanliness and promptly report damage or maintenance concerns.
CHECK-IN AND CHECK-OUT
Standard check-in begins at 4:00 PM, and check-out is by 11:00 AM unless otherwise stated in the listing. Early check-in and late check-out requests are subject to availability, must be approved in advance, and may incur an additional fee.
PARKING
If parking is provided, guests must follow all posted signs and property-specific parking instructions. When a parking pass, permit, vehicle registration, or assigned space is required, it must be used as instructed throughout the stay.
Vehicles parked without the required authorization or in reserved, restricted, or unauthorized areas may be ticketed, booted, or towed at the vehicle owner’s expense. The host is not responsible for towing, storage, retrieval, citations, or related fees.
ACCESS ITEMS AND LOCKOUTS
If keys, fobs, remotes, access cards, parking passes, or other access items are provided, guests are responsible for keeping them secure and using them only as instructed. All provided items must be returned to the designated location before check-out.
Lost, damaged, or unreturned access items and lockout assistance may result in additional charges. Guests may not copy, share, alter, or tamper with keys, access codes, locks, or entry devices.
AMENITIES
If amenities are provided, guests must follow all posted rules, operating hours, occupancy limits, and access instructions. Shared or community amenities may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance, weather, management decisions, local regulations, or other circumstances outside the host’s control.
Amenity access and availability are not guaranteed, and refunds will not be issued solely because an amenity is temporarily closed, restricted, or unavailable.
MAINTENANCE AND PROPERTY ACCESS
Routine maintenance, inspections, pest control, or other property services may occur during a stay. Authorized personnel may require access for scheduled service, necessary repairs, inspections, safety concerns, or emergencies. We will provide advance notice whenever reasonably possible.
Guests may not interfere with authorized service or tamper with smoke detectors, carbon monoxide detectors, fire extinguishers, locks, or other safety equipment.
NOISE MONITORING
This property is equipped with a Minut noise-decibel monitor. The device measures sound levels and their duration to help identify excessive noise and protect the surrounding community. It does not record audio or conversations and is not a camera.
Tampering with, disabling, covering, unplugging, or removing the device is prohibited and may result in additional charges or termination of the stay.
NOISE AND SURROUNDINGS
Some properties are located within residential, mixed-use, or shared communities. Occasional noise from neighbors, traffic, construction, community activities, landscaping, or city maintenance may occur and may be outside the host’s control.
WI-FI AND UTILITIES
Wi-Fi and utilities are provided for guest convenience. Temporary interruptions caused by service providers, building management, weather, maintenance, or other circumstances outside the host’s control may occur. Please notify us promptly if you experience an issue so we can assist.
POLICY ENFORCEMENT
The host reserves the right to terminate a stay and require immediate departure if there is evidence of serious or repeated house-rule violations, fraudulent activity, or behavior that threatens the safety of others, the property, or the quiet enjoyment of guests, residents, or neighbors. When permitted under the reservation terms and applicable policies, termination may occur without a refund.

Permit: 444.3492

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Vector Nashville
Host User ID: 501554574
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/501554574
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
964 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting