URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1776833343129340705
Latitude: 36.184
Longitude: -86.8138
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Highline, a designer townhome where floor-to-ceiling windows flood the home with natural light and a private rooftop showcases sweeping Nashville skyline views. Less than 5 minutes from downtown, enjoy four private ensuite bedrooms, beautifully designed gathering spaces, and elevated comforts for an unforgettable stay.

The space
Welcome to The Highline

Thoughtfully designed for gathering, comfort, and elevated city living, The Highline is a brand-new luxury townhome just minutes from downtown Nashville. Whether you're visiting with family, celebrating with friends, or traveling for work, this spacious retreat offers the perfect balance of style, privacy, and convenience.

One of the home's standout features is its bright, open-concept living space. Floor-to-ceiling windows fill the home with natural light, creating a warm and inviting place to relax, share meals, and spend time together. The fully equipped kitchen features quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances, and everything you need to prepare meals during your stay. Just beyond, the dining area comfortably seats your group for everything from morning coffee to celebratory dinners.

When it's time to unwind, head upstairs to the private rooftop terrace. Enjoy panoramic views of the Nashville skyline, gather around the fire pit, dine outdoors, or simply relax with a drink as the city lights come to life.

Designed with groups in mind, The Highline offers four private bedrooms, each with its own ensuite bathroom, allowing everyone to enjoy both shared spaces and personal privacy.

Sleeping Arrangements

First Floor

Bedroom 1: King bed with private ensuite bathroom
Bedroom 2: Four twin bunk beds with private ensuite bathroom

Third Floor

Bedroom 3: King bed with private ensuite bathroom
Bedroom 4: Two queen beds with private ensuite bathroom

The home comfortably accommodates up to 12 guests and is ideal for family vacations, wedding weekends, corporate retreats, reunions, or group getaways.

Included Amenities
Private rooftop with skyline views
Outdoor dining and lounge seating
Fire pit
Fully equipped kitchen
High-speed Wi-Fi
Smart TV
In-home washer and dryer
Two dedicated off-street parking spaces
Additional street parking
Location

The Highline is located in North Nashville, less than 5 minutes from downtown and just minutes from Tennessee State University, Fisk University, Meharry Medical College, Germantown, and the Nashville Farmers Market. You'll have easy access to Nashville's best restaurants, live music, sporting events, universities, and medical centers while enjoying a quiet residential setting to return to at the end of the day.

We look forward to welcoming you to The Highline—a thoughtfully designed home where memorable Nashville stays begin.

Guest access
Guests will have exclusive access to the entire three-story townhome, including all four bedrooms, 4.5 bathrooms, the open-concept kitchen, living and dining areas, in-home laundry, and the private rooftop terrace.

The home includes two dedicated off-street parking spaces, with additional street parking available nearby.

Guests can conveniently self check-in using a smart lock, allowing for a seamless arrival at any time after check-in.

Other things to note
Good to Know

Need a little more flexibility?
The Highline has a 4:00 PM check-in and 11:00 AM check-out. Because we want our cleaning team to have the time needed to thoroughly prepare the home for every guest, we don't offer early check-in or late check-out.

If you'd like to have the home available earlier on your arrival day or later on your departure day, we recommend adding an extra night to your reservation. That way, the home is yours for the entire day and you can come and go on your own schedule.

Self Check-In
Guests can check in anytime after check-in using a secure smart lock.

Parking
Two dedicated off-street parking spaces are included. Additional street parking is available nearby.

Quiet Hours
Please be respectful of our neighbors by observing quiet hours from 10:00 PM to 7:00 AM.

No Parties or Events
The Highline is designed for relaxing, gathering, and enjoying Nashville—not for parties or large events.

No Smoking
Smoking or vaping is not permitted anywhere inside the home.

No Pets
Pets are not permitted.

Neighborhood
North Nashville is one of the city's fastest-growing neighborhoods, blending historic charm with new development. You'll be just minutes from downtown while enjoying a quieter residential setting.

Security
For the safety of our guests and property, exterior security cameras monitor the front entry and parking areas only. There are no cameras inside the home or on the private rooftop.

Stairs
The Highline is a three-story townhome with stairs between each level, including access to the rooftop terrace. It may not be suitable for guests with mobility limitations.

Occupancy
The home comfortably accommodates up to 12 registered guests.

The Highline was thoughtfully designed to be a place where friends and family can gather comfortably while everyone still enjoys the privacy of their own ensuite bedroom. We ask guests to treat the home with the same care they would their own.

Registration Details
T2026048732

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Riley
Host User ID: 175574066
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/175574066
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
General Manager for The Mitten Group Property Management in Traverse City and also GamePlan Property Management in Nashville. I strive to provide excellent stays for my guests and go above and beyond to make sure you enjoy every aspect of your stay. Please reach out with any questions and I look forward to your visit!
My work: The Mitten Group
Lives in Traverse City, Michigan
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
9858 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting