URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1313967219584077172
Latitude: 36.19583644769756
Longitude: -86.77444796412794
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 12
occupancy: 15
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Nashville from this modern, three-level East Nashville townhome just 8 minutes from Broadway! Skyline House sleeps 15 across 3 bedrooms and 12 beds. Two rooftop decks deliver panoramic 180° skyline views and a fire pit for unforgettable nights. Cook together in a gourmet kitchen, gather in the open-plan living area, enjoy music industry décor, and unwind on the lower patio with a gas grill. 2-car garage included. Your ultimate Music City group retreat.

The space
The Space

Skyline House is a modern, three-level East Nashville townhome built for groups who want space, style, and a front-row seat to Music City. Just 8 minutes from Broadway, the property sleeps 15 across three bedrooms and 12 beds, with two rooftop decks, a lower-level patio, a gourmet kitchen, and a 2-car garage, everything your group needs without the compromise.

Sleeping Arrangements

Primary Suite: Two queen beds, two twin trundles, a sofa bed, a walk-in closet, and a private en-suite bathroom with a double vanity and walk-in shower

Bedroom 2: Five twin beds (including one trundle), bunk configuration, shares Jack-and-Jill bath

Bedroom 3: One king bed, shares Jack-and-Jill bath with Bedroom 2

Living Room: Queen pullout sofa

Living & Entertainment

The main floor open-plan living area connects a comfortable sofa lounge, wall-mounted smart TV, and dining table that seats 8, all in one flowing space. Nashville music industry memorabilia and guitar wall displays set the tone throughout. Board games available for group downtime. Dedicated workspace with desk and Ethernet connection for anyone working remotely.

Kitchen & Dining

The gourmet kitchen is fully equipped for everything from morning coffee to full group dinners. Features include a large island with seating for 4, quartz countertops, stainless appliances, subway tile backsplash, and pendant lighting. Dining table seats 8. Fully stocked with cookware, baking sheets, dishes, silverware, wine glasses, blender, toaster, coffee maker, and all cooking basics. Dishwasher included.

Outdoor

Rooftop Deck 1: Fire pit with wicker seating, string lights, and panoramic 180° Nashville skyline views

Rooftop Deck 2: Sectional sofa, egg chair, accent chairs — separate lounge zone on the same level

Rooftop Half Bath: Between both decks so your group never has to go back downstairs

Lower-Level Patio: 4-burner gas grill with barbecue utensils, outdoor dining area, lounge chairs, and outdoor furniture. Fully fenced backyard.

Location

East Nashville, 8 minutes to Broadway. Close to the best local restaurants, bars, and coffee shops the neighborhood has to offer.

Parking

2-car garage included. Additional free parking on premises and free street parking available nearby.

Important Details

-Fast WiFi and ethernet throughout all three levels
-Smart TVs with streaming on every level
-In-unit washer and dryer
-Extra pillows, blankets, and linens provided
-Hair dryer, iron, and hangers in every room
-Crib and Pack 'n Play available — great for families with little ones
-Central heating and air conditioning
-Carbon monoxide alarm, smoke alarm, fire extinguisher, and first aid kit on site
-All kitchen and bathroom essentials stocked — shampoo, conditioner, body soap, shower gel, and cleaning products included
-Private entrance, private living room, and fully fenced backyard
-Mid-stay cleaning available at extra cost
-Long-term stays welcome (28+ days)
-Luggage drop-off allowed before and after check-in

Guest access
Guests will have private and exclusive access to the entire home, including all three levels, the rooftop decks, the lower-level patio, and yard. The only exception is a small, locked owner's closet. Entry is seamless and secure via a Schlage Encode smart lock. Your unique 4-digit access code will be provided just before check-in. For added convenience, a backup lockbox is also available on-site.

Other things to note
We are the following minutes away from these destinations by car:
🤠 8 minutes from Broadway, Ryman Auditorium, Nissan Stadium & Bridgestone Arena
🤠 12 minutes from Grand Ole Opry & Opry Mills Mall
🤠 10 minutes from the Nashville International Airport (BNA)
🤠 3 minutes from Germantown
🤠 10 minutes from Music Row
🤠 8 minutes from Geodis Park (Home to Nashville SC)
🤠 10 minutes from Belmont University
🤠 10 minutes from Vanderbilt University

Nashville is an Uber/Lyft-friendly city, they're cheap and readily available. The home is centrally located for easy access to all parts of the city. For parking, you are welcome to put two cars in the garage, and two more will fit in the driveway. In a pinch, if the cars are small enough a 5th car can be parallel parked off-street behind the two cars in the driveway. We encourage guests to lock their vehicles and use appropriate safety measures. 

 Flexible Check-In/Out: Early check-in and/or late check-out may be available upon request. Please contact us to inquire about availability and any associated fees.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dane
Host User ID: 80145060
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/80145060
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi there! I’m a touring musician and real estate professional with a passion for creating amazing spaces in the heart of Nashville. I always aim to offer guests not just a place to stay, but a truly memorable experience in our amazing city. I travel a lot for work, and that has given me valuable insight on what helps makes a stay truly exceptional. I look forward to welcoming you to Music City and ensuring your stay is nothing short of fantastic!
Where I went to school: Azusa Pacific University
My work: Music & Real Estate
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
54 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting