URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1594406558694922183
Latitude: 36.1592
Longitude: -86.8493
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Nations, a friendly neighborhood in Nashville great for families, groups, and more! Our 4BR home offers the perfect balance of comfort, entertainment, and location. Your home base for making great memories in Music City! We can't wait to host you. 

☆ Walkable to local restaurants & coffee shops
☆ Pool table 
☆ Foosball table 
☆ Nespresso coffee machine
☆ On site parking
☆ Gorgeous, spacious kitchen
☆  Board Games
☆ Popcorn maker

Perfect location to explore Music City!

The space
Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway! 🎸✨

This spacious, light-filled home is designed for fun, comfort, and connection. Ideal for families, friend groups, or anyone planning an unforgettable weekend in Music City.

Inside, you’ll find big cozy couches, Smart TVs throughout, and a game-ready setup with a pool table, foosball, and plenty of board games for all ages. With 8 beds and room-darkening shades in every bedroom, everyone can sleep comfortably after a full day of exploring.

The open, spacious kitchen is fully equipped for group meals and morning routines, complete with a Nespresso coffee maker to kick-start your day. Natural light flows through the home, creating a warm, welcoming vibe from morning to night.

Step outside to enjoy the patio, perfect for relaxing, chatting, or unwinding after a day in the city. Whether you’re here with kids, extended family, or a group of friends, the home is stocked with all the essentials you need for an easy, fun stay.

Close to Nashville’s top attractions, this home offers the perfect balance of comfort, entertainment, and location.

Guest access
You'll have access to the entire space during your stay!

Other things to note
→ Our team is available and on-call 24/7 for any emergency that may arise. Please reach out to our team directly if you need anything. 

→ No Saturday arrival or departures are allowed.  We typically will have a 2-night minimum on the weekends. Minimum night stays may fluctuate with certain events and holidays. 

→  Please also note before booking: our quiet hours are 10 pm to 8 am. Please respect your noise levels. We have neighbors and ask that you be respectful of our home and theirs.

→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate of other guests, we cannot guarantee that early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.

→ After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival, if booking same day, you may call our team as soon as you've booked. Please ensure your number on your Airbnb profile is up to date.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: UrbanNashville
Host User ID: 6855810
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6855810
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We are UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals. We're a small, locally owned management company. We pride ourselves in providing the best rental experience for you while you visit Music City! 

Our properties are located all over popular areas of Nashville. We have a spot for every traveller.

If you need any recommendations for the best places to check out, let us know! The chances are good that we have been there, and tried that. We look forward to hosting you

- Paige, Jordan & Adisson
My work: Nashville Enthusiast
I spend too much time: Figuring out which coffee spot to try
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
14237 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting