URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1745842709421105838
Latitude: 36.20674098333572
Longitude: -86.58576391370886
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Make yourself at home in this bright 3-bedroom, 2-bath Hermitage retreat near Nashville. Two queen bedrooms and a third bedroom with a trundle bed give everyone room to settle in. Enjoy an open living and dining area, full kitchen with a Keurig, three TVs, in-home laundry, a desk workspace, a generous grassy yard, and driveway parking. It is a comfortable home base for Music City plans and relaxed evenings.

The space
Welcome to this comfortable single-story 3-bedroom, 2-bath home in Hermitage - an inviting base for Nashville visits, work trips, and relaxed stays with family or friends. Warm hardwood floors, colorful accents, and practical furnishings create an easy, lived-in feel throughout the 1,127 sq. ft. home.

🛋️ Living room
The bright main living area is arranged for downtime after a day out. It includes a comfortable sofa, two armchairs, a coffee table, a colorful area rug, and a wall-mounted TV. The open layout keeps the living and dining areas connected, making it easy for your group to spend time together.

🍽️ Dining area
Just off the living room, the dining table seats four for meals, coffee, card games, or planning your Nashville itinerary.

🍳 Kitchen
The kitchen has white cabinetry and dark countertops, with the major appliances needed for everyday meals: a full-size refrigerator, electric range and oven, microwave, dishwasher, and sink. A Keurig coffee maker, toaster, and blender are also provided for convenient mornings and simple snacks at home.

🛏️ Bedrooms
The home has three separate bedrooms:

• Bedroom 1: Queen bed, TV, dresser, and closet storage.
• Bedroom 2: Queen four-poster bed, TV, dresser, and storage space.
• Bedroom 3: Trundle bed, desk and chair workspace, dresser, and closet - ideal for guests who may need a quiet spot to catch up on work or school.

🚿 Bathrooms
There are two full bathrooms, each equipped with a vanity, toilet, and tub/shower combination, giving your group convenient space to get ready.

🧺 Laundry
A separate laundry area with an in-home washer and dryer is available for guest use, which is especially helpful for extended stays.

🌿 Outdoor area & parking
Outside, the home has a spacious grassy yard and a gravel driveway with room for approximately 2-4 vehicles, depending on vehicle size. Please note that guests must climb 6 exterior stairs to reach the front entrance.

The home is designed to feel simple, comfortable, and practical - giving you room to unwind between Nashville adventures while enjoying the convenience of a full home.

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the home, driveway, and yard during their stay.

Detailed check-in instructions, including arrival and entry information, will be sent through the booking app 24 hours before check-in.

Other things to note
Guests must climb 6 exterior steps to reach the entrance.
Pet requests must be approved in advance. Guests are responsible for any pet-related damage and any additional cleaning required because of their pet.
A Keurig coffee maker is provided; coffee pods are not guaranteed.
Early check-in and late check-out requests require advance approval and depend on availability.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Leah
Host User ID: 180985588
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/180985588
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! I am so excited to host you and am passionate about creating a 5-star experience during your stay. I've been in Nashville about 4 years and fell in love with the city. I'd love to give you recommendations on places to eat or things to do, just let me know!
Born in the 90s
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
960 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting