URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1771327546817516008
Latitude: 36.179946515457864
Longitude: -86.76788051254235
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover Nashville from our vibrant triplex, just 1.8 miles from downtown. Unwind in a newly renovated, artsy haven with brand-new amenities. Marvel at the downtown skyline steps from your door. Dive into the city's unique culinary and cultural hotspots within blocks. Indulge in the endless array of renowned venues for food and drink nearby. With top neighborhoods at your fingertips, this is your gateway to the best of Nashville. Book now for an unforgettable stay!

The space
This listing offers 2 separate units in our modern triplex, where comfort meets style in each private unit. Perfect for larger groups!

Key Features:

✤ Modern Renovation: Recently renovated with hardwood floors, granite countertops, and a crisp white aesthetic throughout.
✤ Entertainment Hub: Enjoy a 55" flat-screen Fire TV in the living room, complemented by additional Fire TVs in all bedrooms.
✤ Comfortable Living: Sink into cloud-like beds or unwind on the sofa for a cozy retreat. Your relaxation is our top priority.
✤ Convenient Amenities: A well-equipped kitchen invites you to whip up a cup of coffee or prepare a delightful meal.
✤ Prime Location: Situated within a mile or two of fantastic attractions, including Downtown and East Nashville's delectable restaurants.
✤ Parking Made Easy: Designated off-street parking with room for 4 cars, ensuring stress-free arrivals and departures.

Sleeping Arrangements:

Unit B
✤ Bedroom 1: 1 Queen bed
✤ Bedroom 2: 1 Queen bed
✤ Living Room: 2 love seats that fold out into twin beds, 1 Sofa bed that folds out into a very nice-sized bed

Unit C
✤ Bedroom 1: 1 Queen bed
✤ Bedroom 2: 1 Queen bed
✤ Living Room: 2 love seats that fold out into twin beds, 1 Sofa bed that folds out into a very nice-sized bed

Whether you're exploring the nearby attractions or indulging in a tranquil night's sleep, our triplex provides the ideal backdrop for your Nashville adventure. Book your stay now and experience the perfect blend of luxury and convenience!

Please note: The property consists of two separate, side-by-side townhome units. The units do NOT have an interior/adjoining door connecting them. Guests must enter each unit through its separate exterior entrance.

Guest access
Guests have complete access to Units B and C.

Other things to note
ATTENTION LOCAL GUESTS: All locals must send an 'inquiry' first using the 'Contact Host' option on the booking page to state the purpose of your visit, so we can check to see if we would be able to accommodate your stay; otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel any confirmed reservation made without our approval.

The units are cleaned by a specialized short-term rental cleaning company. The yard is fully fenced in. All the units are completely separated. The house also has exterior cameras on the rear of the house for added security. It is recommended that guests lock their cars doors and remove valuables from the car. The unit is approx. 750 square feet. Pets are more than welcome, however, there is a pet fee that will be collected immediately after booking.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Alexa
Host User ID: 9730317
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/9730317
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’ve been a Superhost since 2014 and love welcoming guests. I’ve hosted more than 5,000 Airbnb reservations and over 40,000 Airbnb guests.

In the last year, nearly every stay has earned a five-star review, and I maintain a 100% response rate.

I work with trusted local business and genuinely care that every stay feels community-driven, smooth, comfortable, and well thought out :)

If I haven't already, I hope to host you soon!
Born in the 90s
My work: Chief Smile Officer
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
3482 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting