URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1116640416294366627
Latitude: 36.1397
Longitude: -86.7941
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 14
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Nashville's music scene at our restored 1920 Pink House + Brand New Townhome! Spacious kitchens and living areas: perfect for group gatherings w/2 Hot Tubs! Walk to universities, restaurants, bars, and more, just 1.5 miles from Downtown. Enjoy free parking and stunning city views from the rooftop terrace while soaking in the hot tub! These boutique luxury BNBs on Music Row offer 8 bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms (+additional sleeping spaces) and 4 off-street parking spaces.

The space
These 2 exquisite properties are two adjacent homes nestled right on the renowned Music Row, both boasting the indulgence of private hot tubs! Situated within walking distance to the prestigious Belmont and Vanderbilt University campuses, as well as an abundance of renowned restaurants and vibrant nightlife, these 2 (more than 5000 sqare feet in total) havens offer the ultimate in convenience and sophistication
.
Unparalleled Accommodations:
Meticulously designed with the discerning traveler in mind, this eight-bedroom, eight-and-two half-bathrooms retreat can comfortably accommodate up to 24 guests. Each bedroom has been professionally appointed with the utmost attention to detail, ensuring the pinnacle of comfort and style. Guests will delight in the privacy afforded by the en-suite bathrooms in every bedroom. Two hot tubs to enjoy: one on a rooftop overlooking the city, the other nestled in a fenced back yard area. What better way for a large group to bask in luxury!

Elevated Amenities:
Each unit features king-sized bedrooms, each with en-suite full bathrooms and walk-in showers, complemented by smart televisions. 
The crowning jewel of these exceptional properties is the third-level oasis on Unit #7, which boasts a second, fully equipped kitchen, a second spacious living area, and a second half-bathroom. Step outside to the expansive balcony, where you can indulge in the soothing warmth of the private hot tub while taking in the breathtaking views of the Nashville skyline.

Exclusive Privileges:
To ensure the utmost exclusivity, the host owns three of the seven homes in this prime location, offering the opportunity to accommodate even larger groups upon request. Guests can enjoy the convenience of four dedicated parking spots, located to the right of the main house.
Please note that in order to maintain the integrity of this exceptional property, the host has a strict policy against any decorations being adhered to the walls, fixtures, or furniture. However, the host is pleased to partner with renowned decorating companies to create a customized experience for special occasions.

UNIT #1
FIRST FLOOR: 2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Kitchen, & Living Room
Bedroom 1: King Memory Foam Bed, TV + Ensuite Full Bathroom w/ Walk-In Shower
Bedroom 2: King Memory Foam Bed, TV 
Bathroom 2: Accessible from hallway

2ND FLOOR: 2 Bedrooms, 2 Private Flex Rooms, & 3 full bathrooms.
Bedroom 3: King Memory Foam Bed, TV + Ensuite Full Bathroom w/ Walk-In Shower
Bedroom 4: King Memory Foam Bed, TV + Ensuite Full Bathroom w/ Walk-In Shower
Flex Room 1: King Memory Foam Bed, TV (listed as a "shared space" but is completely private with door)
Flex Room 2: King Memory Foam Bed, TV (listed as a "shared space" but is completely private with door)
5th Bathroom: Accessible from hallway

Exterior:
Hot tub (7 person, 65 jets) and patio with privacy fencing

UNIT  #7:
Entrance Level:
(2) King Bedrooms w/ensuite full bathroom with walk in shower + Smart TV
Two twin Hotel-Style Rollaways are available for use.

Second Level:
(2) King Bedrooms w/ensuite full bathroom with walk in shower + Smart TV

Third Level:
Kitchen
Living Area
1/2 Bathroom
Balcony with Hot Tub + Outdoor Furniture and VIEWS of Nashville!

HOT TUB: Our hot tub is serviced weekly, and it may fall during your stay. For Unit #7, our service tech must enter the house to service the hot tub on the roof deck, so guests must agree (prior to booking) to allow them in to service the hot tub to keep it maintained. They will ring the bell before entry!

DISCLAIMER: Because Nashville has very strict rules for PERMITTED short term rental hosts, guests must agree to the following so we there is no risk that I will lose my short term rental permit:

-Additional guests outside of your confirmed guest count are not allowed on the property unless pre-approved PRIOR to your stay.
-There is a zero tolerance policy on the property being used as a "home base" for parties or visitors outside of your confirmed guest count to come & go. 
-If you exceed the confirmed guest count in your reservation without prior approval, you will be asked to leave immediately and charged a $500 fine.
-Upon confirming your booking, you are subject to our House Rules, which includes this disclaimer.
-Although the primary purpose of exterior cameras is for your safety, (exterior only), I reserve the right to use them as a tool to verify the number of guests entering the home.

**There is an additional $1200 fee for guests wanting to book my property for filming and/or photography. A location agreement must be provided to me prior to your shoot date.**

EARLY CHECK-INS OR LATE CHECK-OUTS:
Early check-in or late check-outs must be PRE-ARRANGED. Please do not ask on the day before, or the day of arrival as we have our cleaners scheduled at specific times and are unable to make last minute changes. Any non pre-arranged late check-outs can result in withholding of deposit.

The only way we can guarantee an early check-in is if the night prior to your stay is available, we can block it off for you at half the nightly rate. Same goes for late check-out, if there is no one booked the night of your check out date, we can block off the night for you for a guaranteed late check-out at half the nightly rate.

LUGGAGE DROP OFF:
While we would love to be able to accommodate luggage drop off requests, there simply isn’t a ‘'holding area” in the home that wouldn’t interfere with our cleaners ability to move freely during their clean. We recommend you contact Stow Station.

The total price of the reservation is based on the nightly rate set by the host, plus fees or costs determined by the host or booking platform. Extra guest fee charged by some hosts for extra guests beyond a set number, which may fluctuate.

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire house. There are 3 locked owner's/supply closets that will remain locked during your stay.

Other things to note
** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!

**HOT TUB RULES:
In order to keep Hot Tub from malfunctioning, please agree to this before booking. Otherwise you will incur a fee
1 - Keep lid on when not in use
2 - Keep temp 96-98
3 - Do not turn off breaker 

**No Local Guests without further vetting. Not to be used to host parties. No pets due to severe family allergies. Guests must agree to our rental agreement/disclaimer before booking.

HOT TUB: Our hot tub is serviced weekly, and it may fall during your stay. Our service tech must enter Unit #7, to service the hot tub on the roof deck, so guests must agree (prior to booking) to allow them in to service the hot tub to keep it maintained. They will ring the bell before entry!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 341547444
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/341547444
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Growing up in Nebraska I'm a Cornhusker through and through.  However Nashville has adopted me and it really is my home now!  I've been here for over 8 years and absolutely love this place.  There’s nowhere quite like Nashville.

I truly hope your time here in our wonderful city is special.  There's something here for everyone!  Please take this time to unwind, enjoy yourself and explore everything Nashville has to offer!

Thank you for staying in my unique little piece of history here in the city.  We've tried to make our home cozy and comfortable yet stylish and fun at the same time.  We hope you enjoy it as much as we do! 

Cheers,

Dave
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
962 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting