URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1653922756447838764
Latitude: 36.1964
Longitude: -86.7695
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our stunning and brand-new luxury modern home in the heart of Nashville! This 4 bed, 4 bath home (sleeps 12+!) is a showstopper with Leading Lady and Nashville touches throughout! Perfect for Bachelor & Bachelorette parties, Birthday trips, families, and more!

The space
Step inside and be welcomed by captivating, one-of-a-kind murals created exclusively for this home by talented local artists. Every detail has been thoughtfully designed — from cassette tape wallpaper and Music City–inspired murals to contemporary color palettes and subtle Dolly touches throughout. Each room celebrates Nashville’s unique culture and charm.

⭐ Highlights:

Professionally designed interiors with Nashville-inspired touches throughout

Plenty of space for your group — 10 beds total!

Shuffleboard and other fun games for everyone to enjoy

Fully equipped kitchen with brand-new Frigidaire appliances and everything you need for cooking and dining

Complimentary coffee from local Nashville favorite, The Well, plus a Keurig Duo coffee maker

Cozy dining nook perfect for sipping your morning coffee while your favorite records play in the background

Brand-new BBQ grill for the grill master

Private 2-car garage plus additional street parking

High-speed internet and cable, plus a dedicated workspace in case work calls

Office desk

Full-size washer and dryer

Excellent, safe location

Conveniently located just 10–15 minutes from Nashville’s top attractions, including Broadway, Five Points, Nissan Stadium, Country Music Hall of Fame, the Pedestrian Bridge, and Centennial Park

⭐ Where You’ll Sleep:

Primary Bedroom: King-size bed with ensuite bathroom

Guest Room: Queen-size bed with spacious closet

Guest Room: Queen-over-queen bunk bed with ensuite bathroom

Guest Room: Ideal for larger groups — two bunk beds (twin-over-full, sleeps 6) with ensuite bathroom

We’re always happy to answer any questions and share our favorite local spots in Music City. We can’t wait to host you!

Guest Access
The entire home is yours to enjoy during your stay.

Other Things to Note:

A starter kit is provided, including paper towels, toilet paper, linens, towels, dish soap, laundry pods, and more.

Private parking includes a 2-car garage, with additional street parking available if needed.

We love furry friends! Dogs under 30 lbs and non-shedding are welcome. 

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional. To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Hope you enjoy your stay in Nashville!

Guest access
Entire home.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting