URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1450369118508230547
Latitude: 36.07666341779025
Longitude: -86.93828359934095
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Whether Nashville is your final destination or just a stop along the way, Traveler’s hideaway is the ideal place to rest and rejuvenate. Regardless of if you're here for a weekend getaway or longer stay, this guest suite is perfect for your Nashville adventure. 

Let Traveler's Hideaway be your home away home less than 20 mins (13 miles) from Downtown, Broadway, Honkey Tonks, The Ryman, Bridgestone Arena, the Gulch, and more! 20 mins (17 miles) from BNA Airport.

Fur babies welcome! 🐾

The space
This light-filled studio has 2 comfortable beds (1 King & 1 Queen pullout couch), ensuring you get a good night's sleep after a day of exploring the city. 

To start your mornings off right, we provide a Nespresso coffee machine (pods & creamer), so you can enjoy a fresh cup of coffee while planning your day's itinerary. Be sure to check out our guide and books on the best local spots. When you're ready to unwind, our guest suite has a cozy candle-lit living room where you can catch up on your favorite shows on the smart FireTV. 

The kitchenette is equipped with a microwave, toaster, Nespresso coffee maker, and a mini fridge with freezer.

We provide all of the comforts to make you feel at home, such as: fresh towels and sheets, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, blowdryer, clothing iron and ironing board. 

You will have full access to the fully fenced backyard, whether you are sipping a cup of hot coffee in a rocking chair or roasting a marshmallow over the fire, the options to enjoy this space are endless! (We provide matches and a starter pack of wood)

We are centrally located in a safe and well-established neighborhood in West Nashville - quiet and away from the hustle and bustle of downtown.
• Take a quick Uber/Lyft to almost anywhere in Nashville in 15 minutes or less.
• 10 miles to The Nations and Sylvan Park, 7 miles to Green Hills and 13 miles to Broadway.
• Walking distance and less than 1 mile from "One Bellevue Place" which includes Ford Ice Arena, restaurants, bars, a movie theatre, grocery stores and more!
• If you're outdoorsy like us, you'll love exploring the trails, river and greenways at Edwin and Percy Warner Parks (3.9mi away). Want to take you fur baby with you? Edwin Warner has a spacious dog park.

Guest access
This unit is attached to our primary residence, however the space is quiet (you may hear our pups bark at amazon deliveries but other than that, you will not hear us and we will not hear you 😊)

No contact check-in. You will have your own separate entrance around the back of the house and plenty of space for parking. There is additional street parking if needed. 

Your backyard is fully fenced off but the deck is private,  please respect our privacy as we will respect yours!

There are cameras on the exterior of the home for security, the doorbell camera will be off unless you are struggling to lock or unlock the door, then you can hit the doorbell and talk with us in real time.

Other things to note
The home has a zoned HVAC system so you have your own thermostat to adjust the temperature to your comfort level.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kassie
Host User ID: 377781418
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/377781418
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are an engaged couple with 3 lovely dogs, originally from Michigan and Pennsylvania. We love traveling to travel and adventure with our pups. We have lived in Nashville since 2016 and aim to provide a comfortable and welcoming space for travelers to enjoy the charm of the city!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Pets: Kai, Koda & Shiloh
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
40 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting