URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1155640253403487472
Latitude: 36.1651
Longitude: -86.7776
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Songbird - XENOS's penthouse home base on historic 2nd Avenue, steps from Broadway, Printer's Alley & Nissan Stadium. Perfect for groups ready to experience Nashville in style.

- Sleeps 12 | 4 bedrooms | 10 beds | 5.5 baths
- Karaoke stage w/ photo backdrop & poker table
- Bar area w/ 65" TV & city skyline views
- Full kitchen w/ coffee maker, blender & dining table
- Elevator access, single-level layout & keypad self check-in
- Steps from Broadway & Printer's Alley

The space
Four bedrooms, 5.5 bathrooms, a karaoke stage with Cumberland River views, and a bar setup that means business - your group of 12 has just found its Nashville home base. Right on historic 2nd Avenue, Broadway's live music corridor is steps away, Printer's Alley is around the corner, and Nissan Stadium sits just across the river. This is group travel in Music City done right.

Living & entertainment
The open-concept main space is designed to keep the whole crew together. A bar area anchors the room, with a 65" TV and full sound system setting the mood. City skyline and river views frame the backdrop behind it. A poker table and shuffleboard setup give everyone something to do on nights the group decides to stay in, and the karaoke stage - complete with a photo-ready backdrop - has a way of turning an ordinary evening into something no one forgets.

Sleeping arrangements
Ten beds across four bedrooms accommodate up to 12 guests. Every room is stocked with bed linens, hangers, extra pillows and blankets, and clothing storage. With 5.5 bathrooms - one of which includes a bathtub - morning routines stay smooth even when everyone's working on a different schedule.

Kitchen & dining
The kitchen is fully equipped for a group. A refrigerator, freezer, stove, oven, microwave, and dishwasher cover the essentials. A coffee maker, hot water kettle, toaster, blender, and baking sheet round things out, along with wine glasses, dishes, silverware, and cooking basics including oil, salt, and pepper. Coffee is on hand, and the dining table gives the whole group a place to sit down together.

Workspace & essentials
Wi-Fi and a dedicated workspace are available for anything that needs handling during your stay. Day-to-day comfort is covered: air conditioning, heating, a washer and dryer, and an iron are all on hand. Bathroom essentials include shampoo, conditioner, body soap, shower gel, and a hair dryer.

Access & getting around
Check-in is via smart lock - self-guided and on your schedule. Elevator access and a single-level layout mean no stairs once you're inside. A private entrance keeps your group's comings and goings separate from the rest of the building. Paid parking is available off premises nearby.

The neighborhood
Step outside and you're on one of Nashville's most storied stretches. Printer's Alley is right there, Broadway and its live music venues are a short walk away, and Nissan Stadium is just across the river. The energy of the city - the music, the food, the street life - is all within easy reach, whatever time of year you visit.

Guest access
Exclusive Access and secure entry ensure a safe and comfortable stay. As our guest, you will have keyless building entry and keyless elevator access to the penthouse. This means that you can easily and securely enter the building and access the penthouse at any time during your stay without having to worry about a physical key. The access codes will be provided to you prior to your arrival and will be unique to your stay. We hope this added convenience will make your stay more enjoyable and stress-free.

Other things to note
Please inquire about our additional properties in the building should you require accommodations for a larger group or if your dates aren't available.  

Stylish Bedrooms: Retreat to one of the themed ensuite bedrooms, where luxury awaits at every turn. Each bedroom is beautifully appointed with unique furnishings and its own private bathroom. The bunk-area sleeps six and offers a large bathroom vanity area with ample room for everyone to get ready at once. It also features a wet room with a freestanding tub and large shower. Luxurious bedding and tasteful decor ensure a restful night's sleep for all guests.

Gourmet Kitchen: A fully equipped, state-of-the-art kitchen with high-end appliances and a large island is perfect for cooking or enjoying takeout from one of Nashville's famous eateries. The island is large enough to seat your whole group. 

Modern Comforts:
High-speed Wi-Fi, Smart TVs in every room, SONOS sound, and a washer/dryer in the unit. Everything you need for a hassle-free stay.

Historic Charm: Nestled in a beautifully restored 1899 building within the Historical District, offering a unique blend of Nashville's past and present.

The condo is equipped with centrally monitored fire detection and carbon monoxide detection.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: XENOS Guest Friend
Host User ID: 30962240
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/30962240
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My work: Owner / Operator Luxury Vacation Rental Management
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
2635 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting