URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1100048371216280640
Latitude: 36.1932
Longitude: -86.7786
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Celebrity style, designer interiors, and an unbeatable location await at The Hubb House. Owned and beautifully designed by Bravo's Summer House star Lindsay Hubbard, this luxurious 4-bedroom townhome in Cumberland Heights is just 8 minutes from Broadway. Comfortably sleeping up to 12 guests with parking for two vehicles, it's the perfect retreat for group getaways, celebrations, and unforgettable Nashville stays. 🌆

The space
The Hubb House offers four stories of exceptional living space, including four spacious bedrooms, each with its own ensuite bathroom for added privacy. The open-concept kitchen and living area provide the perfect setting for gathering and relaxing, but the real showstopper is the rooftop. With a dining table, lounge area with firepit, and hot tub, it’s an ideal space for unwinding and enjoying the view. Every room is a blend of comfort and style, reflecting Lindsay Hubbard’s chic aesthetic and attention to detail. Whether you're planning a bachelorette trip, birthday celebration, or a large group getaway, The Hubb House is the ultimate destination for memorable moments.

Things You'll Love:
◆ Quick drive away from iconic Broadway and other Nashville spots
◆ Rooftop complete with lounge area with firepit, dining table, skyline views and hot tub.
◆ Gourmet kitchen featuring high-end appliances including a cocktail maker.
◆ Vibrant neon signs and stunning wall murals, offering the perfect backdrop for unforgettable photo opportunities.
◆ Open-concept living area features a spacious oversized sectional and a wall-mounted smart television
◆ Garage parking for 2 vehicles 
◆ Bonus - Confessional: Now’s your chance to live out your Bravo fan dreams and step into the spotlight!

Sleeping Arrangements:
Frist Floor
◆ Bedroom 1 - Queen Bed with ensuite full bathroom

Second Floor
 ◆ Bedroom 2 - Two Queen Beds with ensuite full bathroom

Third Floor
◆ Bedroom 3 - Queen Bed with ensuite full bathroom
◆ Bedroom 4 - King Bed with ensuite full bathroom

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, and in-home yoga sessions.

Thank you for considering The Hubb House for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Stairs: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

Hot Tub: The hot tub is professionally cleaned and the water is refreshed prior to each arrival. During colder temperatures, when the water has been replaced, it may take up to 24 hours from check-in for the hot tub to fully heat while covered and retaining warmth.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5404 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting