URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/23416134
Latitude: 36.01014
Longitude: -86.6238
rental_type: Private room in home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
NOT just "A ROOM".  3 spacious bedrooms!  ENTIRE upstairs with living/dining area--great for a friends' get-away, work, or families. Our subdivision is near I-24 and convenient to all of Nashville and surrounding areas.  Tanger Outlet, PopStroke and many great restaurants are so close! See what others have said about The Reed Roof Inn. Fall is a busy time in Nashville, so book EARLY to ensure your reservation.  Take  advantage of the optional 10% discount available at check-out!

The space
Check out what all our guests have said...like them, you'll feel comfortable and right at home.   Although we live downstairs, we are a very active and busy semi-retired couple.  You may not (or rarely!) even see us, after greeting you to answer questions at check-in. 

When you return after a fun day in Nashville, you want to be able to spread out and relax, right?  The ENTIRE upstairs is your private and unique area -- approximately 1,200 sq. ft. of comfortable and tastefully appointed space for up to 5 (or one more can sleep on the extra wide couch or the queen push-button air mattress in the media room).   Gray Haven (King bed), Tropical Retreat (Queen bed) and Southern Comfort (Antique Double) Bedrooms all are sure to give you a great night’s rest! 

In addition to the three bedrooms, you'll be able to enjoy your private living/media room with a 65" TV and a movie theatre popcorn machine!  Just outside the bedrooms is the bath/shower and large loft area where you can enjoy the Hot Beverage Bar morning or night (Coffee, tea and condiments provided!).  A part of the Beverage Bar area is a mini-fridge and microwave.   Luxurious unisex spa robes, a spa wrap, and essential oil diffusers will make your stay relaxing and special!  All bedrooms have ceiling fans.  Sound machines are available--especially nice for children.  A dedicated half-bath is located near the entry by the stairs.

If you're coming for work, you'll love taking advantage of all the special amenities designed for you to kick back and relax after work hours. All three of the bedrooms have a desk right in the room for you to use.  High speed internet is a given.

Weather permitting, the large back deck is a great place to relax by the fire pit with a glass of wine or your favorite beverage.  You’ll love it, with the cooler weather ahead!  Smokers will find this outdoor area convenient and comfortable.

Spend your money enjoying Nashville, NOT on high-priced hotels.  Up to six people can spread out and enjoy our spacious accommodations—for less than two people in most hotels!
 
You'll also appreciate that we are properly permitted by the Metro Codes Department -- Permits are only granted to short term rental properties that follow all the requirements that are mandated by the city and county -- very reassuring to guests.

Whether for vacation, work, or both—it’s time to make your travel plans to Nashville happen at The Reed Roof Inn.  We hope to see you soon!

Guest access
For guests staying four days or longer, the laundry room is available at no additional cost.

Other things to note
An entry code is provided prior to check-in to be used throughout your stay.  Early check-in (up to two hours maximum) is available by request and prior approval at no extra cost.  Reserved driveway parking is available for one vehicle and side street parking for an additional vehicle.

Registration Details
2018014032

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Rosemary
Host User ID: 174617230
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/174617230
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a fun-loving person, who loves to meet people from all cultures and countries.  I LOVE to travel, and since my husband and I are empty-nesters, I hope to do even more.  I enjoy my family, my friends, my church, movies, decorating, and sports!  I like to try new adventures, which is why I love Airbnb, both as a host AND as a guest.  I can’t sing or draw, but I do have the gift of hospitality, and I’d love to share that gift with you!
My work: semi-retired
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
172 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting