URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/712273806888775533
Latitude: 36.1442
Longitude: -86.8202
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 6
occupancy: 8
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Nashville’s historic West End, where you can easily jump into the action or relax in a peaceful retreat away from the noise. Spread across three distinct levels, our spacious condo provides privacy and comfortable separation between the living and sleeping areas, making it an ideal setup for couples traveling together or small groups.

The space
Start your mornings with a fresh brew at our dedicated coffee bar before taking a 10-minute stroll to Centennial Park, The Parthenon, or nearby brunch spots. When you’re ready for the famous Music City nightlife, a quick 10-minute ride places you right on Broadway and Music Row. Back at home, you'll love the convenience of attached garage parking, a fully equipped kitchen, and plush King suites to recharge for another day in town.

The Space
Designed with group functionality and individual privacy in mind, our three-story home keeps your social areas and sleeping quarters completely distinct.

KEY FEATURES:
☀ Sleeps up to 8: Two private King suites + high-quality Queen sofa bed in the living room
☀ Attached 2-Car Garage: Secure off-street parking for up to two vehicles
☀ Fully Stocked Kitchen & Coffee Bar: Everything needed to prepare home-cooked meals
☀ Smart TV Entertainment: Large display in the open-concept living space for streaming
☀ Travel-Ready Laundry: In-unit washer and dryer supplied with laundry pods
☀ Prime Location: Less than 1 mile to Vanderbilt University; 10-minute walk to Centennial Park

Expect a Five-Star stay with us. We offer clear digital guidebooks, straightforward self-check-in, and responsive host support throughout your trip.

BEDROOMS
☀ Suite 1: Spacious layout featuring a plush King-sized mattress, attached private full bathroom, walk-in closet, and a full-length mirror for fit checks before heading out.
☀ Suite 2: Equal-sized primary suite featuring a plush King-sized mattress, attached private full bathroom, walk-in closet, and a full-length mirror.

BATHROOMS
☀ 3 Bathrooms Total: 2 Full Ensuite Bathrooms + 1 Half-Bath.
☀ 2nd Floor: Full ensuite bathroom attached to the two-queen bedroom.
☀ 3rd Floor: Full ensuite bathroom attached to the top-floor suite.
☀ 1st Floor: Convenient half-bath located right off the main living and dining area.
☀ Fully stocked with bath essentials, towels, and organic cleaning products.

KITCHEN & LOUNGE
☀ Chef-Ready Kitchen: Fully equipped with cooktop/oven, full-size refrigerator, cookware, dinnerware, and a dedicated coffee bar.
☀ Living Lounge: Bright, open-concept floor plan featuring a comfortable setup, a large Smart TV, and a high-quality Queen sofa bed for extra guests.

OUTSIDE & PARKING SPACE
☀ Private Attached Garage: Secure 2-car garage capacity directly connected to the condo for quick, safe, and seamless access in a high-demand neighborhood.

★ Book Today & Let Us Take Care Of You In Nashville! ★

Guest access
☀ Guests have exclusive access to the entire three-story condo and attached two-car garage. You will receive seamless, contactless entry codes prior to arrival so you can come and go as you please.

Other things to note
☀ Check-In / Check-Out: Check-in is at or after 4:00 PM; Check-out is at or before 10:00 AM.
☀ Check-In Form: For guest security, a digital sign-off link is sent immediately after booking to release arrival instructions.
☀ Parking: Includes a private, attached 2-car garage. Additional first-come, first-served street parking is available in front of the building.
☀ Early Check-In: Subject to availability and host approval due to full cleaning windows between stays.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mark
Host User ID: 478827477
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/478827477
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I’m Mark— here to make your vacation truly unforgettable.

Together with my brilliant and thoughtful team, we're here to make your vacation GREAT! Our Property Curators are 100% focused on your comfort. It is our job to ensure you feel taken care of every step of your trip! We know we are here because of YOU and we feel this differentiates us from so many other hosts in the market!

Let us know how we can make your stay a 5-Star stay!
Born in the 70s
Where I went to school: South Africa
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
1593 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting