URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1226357461123585429
Latitude: 36.25
Longitude: -86.6432
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
2101 Dabbs Avenue #2 places you at the heart of everything Old Hickory has to offer. Just minutes from your doorstep, you can explore the historic Old Hickory Village, filled with charming local shops, cozy cafes, and unique dining spots. Our home is a beautifully updated townhome located in the highly desirable Old Hickory area. This charming 4-bedroom, 3-bathroom home offers an inviting open floor plan that seamlessly connects the living, dining, and kitchen areas, perfect for modern living

Other things to note
Primary renter must be at least 21 years of age. Guests may be asked to present their IDs upon arrival or anytime during their stay. Do not rent this unit for another party. The primary renter must be staying in the unit.

About the Vacation Rental Unit:

Step inside to find a spacious living room filled with natural light, accentuated by stylish flooring and contemporary finishes. The well-appointed kitchen features stainless steel appliances, ample cabinet space, and a breakfast bar for casual dining. Upstairs, you’ll find two generously sized bedrooms with large closets, providing plenty of storage space, and a modern full bathroom.

Enjoy your morning coffee or evening relaxation on your private back patio, surrounded by lush greenery that offers a peaceful retreat. This townhome also includes convenient assigned parking and is part of a well-maintained community.

P.S. the coffee maker is a 2 in 1. One side allows for K-pods, the other allows for grounds!

This 4-bedroom, 3-bathroom vacation rental features:
Bedroom 1: 1 Queen Bed
Bedroom 2: 1 Queen Bed
Bedroom 3: 1 King Bed
Bedroom 4: 1 King Bed

The 3 bathrooms are full bathrooms.

Maximum Guest Occupancy: 8 Guests (Please note that children under the age of two years still count toward the maximum guest occupancy.)

Parking: 

You may park up to vehicles in the 2-car garage, but you cannot park in the alleyway. Entry to our home is through the garage. First, park in the garage; then enter the home with a keypad code.
 
About the Community/Property:

Located just minutes from the historic Old Hickory Village, you’ll have easy access to local shops, dining, and recreational activities. With proximity to the lake, parks, and major highways, this home provides both a serene setting and easy commuting options.

Rainwater and runoff originating within the Old Hickory Lake watershed flow into a controlled segment of the Cumberland River, forming what is now known as Old Hickory Lake—a reservoir established by an Army Corps of Engineers dam in 1954. This reservoir and its surrounding watershed are dedicated to the memory of the nation’s seventh president, Andrew Jackson, affectionately nicknamed Old Hickory. Located just 15 miles from Nashville, Old Hickory Lake is a haven for various recreational pursuits such as camping, boating, fishing, swimming, hiking, cycling, and more.

Old Hickory is a residential enclave positioned along the shores of Old Hickory Lake. Once home to a DuPont gunpowder plant dating back to the 1900s, the neighborhood evolved around this industrial site. Today, the area boasts amenities like the Old Hickory Country Club, sandy Old Hickory Beach, soul food and sports bar restaurants. Furthermore, from spring to fall, visitors can indulge in shopping at the weekly Old Hickory Village Farmers Market. The capital of Tennessee, Nashville is otherwise known as "Music City". The birthplace of bluegrass, you’ll find plenty of music and attractions around virtually every corner including honky-tonks, the Johnny Cash Museum, and Music Row. It is also home to the Grand Ole Opry House, the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum, and Ryman Auditorium.

Best and Closest public golf course:

The President’s Reserve, designed by architect Denis Griffiths (designer Atlanta’s Chateau Élan Resort Courses), trails through 300 acres of natural Tennessee wetlands and along the banks of the beautiful Cumberland River. Playing up to 7200 yards, The President’s Reserve can offer any golfer as much challenge as one might desire yet be a pleasurable golfing experience for even the occasional golfer. The President’s Reserve has been recognized by Golf Digest Magazine as one of the Top 10 in Tennessee.

Places of interest in Old Hickory, TN:
•    Old Hickory Lake: A large reservoir created by the Old Hickory Dam on the Cumberland River, perfect for boating, fishing, and swimming. There are several parks along its shores, including Old Hickory Beach and Cedar Creek Recreation Area.
•    Old Hickory Lock and Dam: This historic structure is a great spot for fishing and provides scenic views of the lake and surrounding nature. There are also picnic areas nearby.
•    Hermitage, Home of Andrew Jackson: Located just a short drive from Old Hickory, this is the former estate of President Andrew Jackson. The museum and grounds offer a historical glimpse into the life of one of the U.S.'s early presidents.
•    Cumberland River: Old Hickory is situated along the Cumberland River, which provides opportunities for kayaking, paddleboarding, and fishing.
•    Long Hunter State Park: Located not far from Old Hickory, this state park offers miles of hiking trails, fishing spots, camping areas, and access to Percy Priest Lake.
•    Nashville Zoo: If you’re interested in wildlife, the Nashville Zoo is about a 30-minute drive from Old Hickory and offers a wide variety of animals, exhibits, and family-friendly activities

Other details to note: 

Trash/Recycling Schedule: Pick up is on Tuesdays!

Upon booking, you’ll receive timely communications about your trip. Access to your professionally cleaned and sanitized home is also convenient with our custom keyless locks. And, if you need anything before, during or after your stay, our local team is ready to help!

Please be aware that there will be NO refunds for Wi-Fi issues as it’s not guaranteed. If reliable Wi-Fi is a must, you are welcome to bring your own internet hotspot.

Non-negotiable rules: No Smoking or Vaping, No Pets, No Events or Parties, No Firearms. Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am (unless posted signage indicates otherwise).

For safety reasons, we do not allow grilling on this property

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 146884195
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/146884195
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Looking to plan a dreamy beach get-away? 30a Seascapes has hundreds of properties, from the salt filled waters of the Gulf, Music City (Nashville), and more. As a #1 rated Superhost, 30a Seascapes provides the best guest experience by way of stunning beachfront properties, topnotch resorts offering fantastic amenities, and excellent customer service. We pride ourselves when it comes to reliable, timely, and clear communication with our clientele.
Born in the 60s
Speaks English and Serbian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
35114 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting