URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1400139452425102249
Latitude: 36.1497
Longitude: -86.7766
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Nashville at this vibrant 2BR/2BA apartment just steps from The Gulch and a short walk to Broadway. Sleeping up to 8 guests, this stylish retreat features an indoor fireplace, full kitchen, high-speed Wi-Fi, and access to a heated rooftop infinity pool, fitness center, pool table, and skyline lounge. Perfect for families, friends, business trips, and Music City adventures.

The space
Welcome to your colorful Nashville retreat, where modern comfort meets an unbeatable downtown location. Just steps from The Gulch and within walking distance of Broadway, this spacious apartment is the perfect home base for concerts, sporting events, weekend getaways, and extended stays.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements
Bedroom 1: Queen bed
Bedroom 2: Queen bed
Living Room: Queen sofa sleeper
Two rollaway beds

Sleeps up to 8 guests comfortably with premium linens and thoughtfully designed sleeping spaces.

🛋 Living Area

Relax in the bright open-concept living room featuring:

Indoor fireplace
Smart TV
Comfortable seating
Large windows with abundant natural light
High-speed Wi-Fi
Air conditioning and heating
🍳 Kitchen & Dining

The fully equipped kitchen includes:

Stainless steel appliances
Refrigerator, oven, stove, microwave & dishwasher
Coffee maker
Cookware, dishes, utensils & cooking essentials
Dining table for shared meals or remote work
🏢 Building Amenities

Enjoy access to premium community amenities including:

🏊 Heated rooftop saltwater infinity pool (seasonal)

🌇 Rooftop sky lounge with downtown views

💪 Modern fitness center

🎱 Community pool table

🔥 Outdoor grilling area and lounge seating

🚗 Secure garage parking available for $35/night

📍 Nearby Attractions

🎶 Broadway – 10-15 minute walk

🍽 The Gulch – 5-minute walk

🎻 The Station Inn – 4-minute walk

🖼 Frist Art Museum – 6-minute walk

🎤 Ryman Auditorium – 13-minute walk

🏆 Country Music Hall of Fame – 13-minute walk

🏟 Bridgestone Arena – 10-minute walk

Whether you're visiting for live music, business, sporting events, or simply exploring Music City, you'll love this central Nashville location.

Permit #2025026349

Guest access
Access to the building is provided via a key fob. One key fob will be available for your use during your stay and can be used to access the building and applicable common areas.

Please note that the building allows only one key fob per reservation, so we are unable to provide additional fobs. We recommend coordinating with your group accordingly.

Other things to note
Please note that building amenities, including the pool, fitness center, elevators, and laundry facilities, are managed by the building and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance or unforeseen circumstances. Refunds cannot be issued for temporary amenity closures.

Building amenities and common areas are shared with residents and guests.

Security cameras are located in common areas, including the courtyard, parking areas, lobby, sky lounge, and pool.

For security and building policy reasons, one key fob will be provided per reservation. Additional key fobs are not available.

Permit #2025026349

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jason
Host User ID: 502668971
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/502668971
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello everyone! First and foremost I am a father of two amazing young men. My oldest son is currently serving in the United States Navy and my youngest is a junior in high school. My career path has taken me into the nuclear energy field which has been challenging but rewarding. I spend my free time outdoors. My goal is to make your stay as cozy and memorable as I possibly can. Your comfort and satisfaction is my number one priority.
Where I went to school: DeRuyter Central School
My work: Nuclear Security
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
1 year hosting
31 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting