URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1627774101185874245
Latitude: 36.17484218148835
Longitude: -86.79487756293022
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Monroe House #1 is built for Nashville group trips: your own 4-bedroom house with a private ping-pong game garage, opening into a shared courtyard made for hanging out. Play on two pickleball courts, grill dinner, sit by the fire pit, run cornhole or foosball, then head back into your own house when the night winds down. Germantown is essentially across the street, and Broadway and the Ryman are about 10 minutes by car. Designed, built, and run by a local team that's quick to help.

The space
Welcome to Monroe House #1, one of 16 custom-built homes arranged around a shared social courtyard on the Buena Vista / Germantown edge. This is not a random standalone rental with beds packed in. The whole community was designed for groups who want their own private house, real bedrooms, full kitchens, and a central place to gather.

Inside, the house is a three-story townhome built in 2020 with high ceilings, big windows, modern finishes, and an open main level. The kitchen has a full-size fridge, dishwasher, gas range, coffee bar, cookware, dishes, and the basics for eating in before a night out. The dining area seats 8, and the living room gives the group a comfortable place to land between plans.

The sleeping setup is simple and group-friendly: 4 bedrooms, 5 beds, and 3 full baths across three floors. You also have fast Wi-Fi, central AC, smart TV, and in-unit washer/dryer.

The private garage is part of the fun: it has been converted into a ping-pong / game lounge. It is not for parking. The garage door opens directly onto the courtyard, so it works as another hangout space right off the action. Park free on Monroe St.

Out back, the house opens straight into the shared Monroe courtyard with two pickleball courts, fire pit seating, BBQ grills, outdoor dining tables, cornhole, foosball, and giant Jenga.

Guest access
Guests have private access to the entire home, including the kitchen, living room, bedrooms, bathrooms, laundry area, and your own garage game lounge.
Garage Game Lounge
The private garage has been transformed into an extension of your entertainment space, featuring ping-pong and games with direct access to the courtyard. Open the garage door and take the fun right outside!
Please note: The garage is set up exclusively as a game lounge and is NOT available for vehicle parking. Guests can enjoy free street parking on Monroe Street.
Shared Courtyard
Step outside and you'll have access to the heart of the Monroe community—our shared social courtyard, designed for groups to gather, play, and hang out.
Enjoy two pickleball courts, fire pit seating, BBQ grills, outdoor dining tables, cornhole, foosball, and giant Jenga.
The courtyard is shared with guests staying in the neighboring Monroe Houses, creating a fun, social atmosphere. It's especially convenient for larger groups booking multiple homes—you can have your own private spaces while still gathering together right outside your doors.
Private house. Your own game lounge. One seriously fun shared courtyard.

Other things to note
Pet Policy
We’re delighted to welcome your four-legged travel companion! We allow up to three dogs per stay for a fee of $150 per pet. To help us properly prepare for your arrival, please let us know in advance if you'll be bringing a dog with you.

At this time, cats are not permitted.

No Smoking or Vaping
The Soundry is a 100% smoke- and vape-free property. Smoking and vaping are prohibited inside guest rooms, the lobby, hallways, and courtyard.
A $200 cleaning fee may be charged for violations of this policy.

Gather, Play & Be Respectful

Coming to Nashville with friends or family? We want you to have a great time! Small, respectful gatherings are welcome, and guests are encouraged to enjoy our shared courtyard, pickleball court, fire pits, BBQ grills, ping-pong, and cornhole.

We simply ask that you:
Keep noise at a respectful level, especially after 
11 PM
Make sure the number of guests matches your reservation
Respect other guests and our neighbors
Avoid excessive noise, illegal activity, and unauthorized guests
Security cameras are located in common and exterior areas to help maintain a safe and enjoyable environment for everyone.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Notable Collection
Host User ID: 699711821
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699711821
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
2514 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting