URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1776319392206406167
Latitude: 36.184
Longitude: -86.8138
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Gather, unwind, and experience Nashville from The Lucent — a spacious 4-bedroom, 4.5-bath townhome just 5 minutes from downtown. Each bedroom features a private en-suite bath, while the open kitchen and oversized living room give your group plenty of room to be together. Head upstairs to your private rooftop for downtown skyline views, outdoor dining, lounge seating, a propane fire pit, and projector movie nights. Sleeps 8 comfortably with 2 Kings, 1 Queen + twin bunk beds.

The space
Welcome to The Lucent, a bright, modern Nashville townhome designed for groups who want plenty of room to gather — and plenty of privacy when it's time to unwind.

Located just 5 minutes from downtown Nashville, The Lucent features four bedrooms, four private en-suite bathrooms, a half bath, an expansive open-concept kitchen and living space, and a private rooftop overlooking the downtown skyline.

The home comfortably sleeps 8 guests in beds:

Bedroom 1: King bed + private en-suite
Bedroom 2: King bed + private en-suite
Bedroom 3: Queen bed + private en-suite
Bedroom 4: Twin-over-twin bunk bed + private en-suite

One of our favorite parts of The Lucent is the main living level. Large windows fill the space with natural light, while the oversized sectional gives everyone somewhere comfortable to land after a day exploring Nashville.

The fully equipped kitchen features a large island with seating, full-size appliances, cookware, dinnerware and everything you need for meals at home. We also provide a Keurig with K-Cup coffee. An espresso machine is available for guests who would like to bring their own espresso.

And then there's the rooftop.

Your private rooftop features downtown Nashville skyline views, outdoor lounge seating, a dining area, propane fire pit and projector — perfect for slow mornings, dinner outside or winding down together after a night downtown.

Guest access
Guests will have exclusive access to the entire three-story townhome, including all four bedrooms, 4.5 bathrooms, the open-concept kitchen, living and dining areas, in-home laundry, and the private rooftop terrace.

The home includes two dedicated off-street parking spaces, with additional street parking available nearby.

Guests can conveniently self check-in using a smart lock, allowing for a seamless arrival at any time after check-in.

Other things to note
Good to Know

Need a little more flexibility?
The Lucent has a 4:00 PM check-in and 11:00 AM check-out. Because we want our cleaning team to have the time needed to thoroughly prepare the home for every guest, we don't offer early check-in or late check-out.

If you'd like to have the home available earlier on your arrival day or later on your departure day, we recommend adding an extra night to your reservation. That way, the home is yours for the entire day and you can come and go on your own schedule.

Self Check-In
Guests can check in anytime after check-in using a secure smart lock.

Parking
Two dedicated off-street parking spaces are included. Additional street parking is available nearby.

Quiet Hours
Please be respectful of our neighbors by observing quiet hours from 10:00 PM to 7:00 AM.

No Parties or Events
The Lucent is designed for relaxing, gathering, and enjoying Nashville—not for parties or large events.

No Smoking
Smoking or vaping is not permitted anywhere inside the home.

No Pets
Pets are not permitted.

Neighborhood
North Nashville is one of the city's fastest-growing neighborhoods, blending historic charm with new development. You'll be just minutes from downtown while enjoying a quieter residential setting.

Security
For the safety of our guests and property, exterior security cameras monitor the front entry and parking areas only. There are no cameras inside the home or on the private rooftop.

Stairs
The Lucent is a three-story townhome with stairs between each level, including access to the rooftop terrace. It may not be suitable for guests with mobility limitations.

Occupancy
The home comfortably accommodates up to 8 registered guests.

The Lucent was thoughtfully designed to be a place where friends and family can gather comfortably while everyone still enjoys the privacy of their own ensuite bedroom. We ask guests to treat the home with the same care they would their own.

Registration Details
T2026048730

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Riley
Host User ID: 175574066
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/175574066
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
General Manager for The Mitten Group Property Management in Traverse City and also GamePlan Property Management in Nashville. I strive to provide excellent stays for my guests and go above and beyond to make sure you enjoy every aspect of your stay. Please reach out with any questions and I look forward to your visit!
My work: The Mitten Group
Lives in Traverse City, Michigan
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
9858 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting