URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1635476449530488536
Latitude: 36.155380492898985
Longitude: -86.7754970491664
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Perfect SoBro Basecamp! 
Stay in a stylish condo in the heart of SoBro, just steps from Broadway, the Music City Center, and Nashville’s best honky-tonks. Enjoy a private balcony with sunset views, a heated pool with live music vibes, and a modern fitness center. Perfect for couples or business travelers, this comfortable 1BR features high-speed WiFi, premium linens, and a relaxing space after exploring Music City. Walkable to dining, nightlife, and top attractions.
STRP#2022059381

The space
Stay in the heart of Nashville’s vibrant SoBro district in this modern and stylish condo—perfectly located for both work and play. Whether y’all are attending an event at the Music City Center, catching a Predators game, or exploring the honky-tonks on Broadway, this condo offers the ideal home base just steps from the action.

Located inside the sought-after Sentral building, you’ll enjoy not only a comfortable private space but also access to fantastic amenities that elevate your Nashville stay.

💎 The SoBro Experience

Poolside Live Music
A uniquely Nashville touch! Relax by the heated pool while enjoying live local music—perfect for setting the mood before heading out to Broadway. 🏊🎶

Private Balcony
Step outside to your own balcony to enjoy morning coffee or a relaxing evening drink as the Nashville skyline lights up.

Resort-Style Amenities
Guests have access to a modern fitness center, cycling classes, and outdoor BBQ areas—ideal for a relaxing urban getaway.

🏡 Inside the Condo

Modern Living Space
The open-concept layout features contemporary design, comfortable seating, and large windows that bring in natural light and city views.

Comfortable Bedroom
The bedroom offers a cozy Queen-size bed with soft linens and room-darkening shades—perfect for resting after a fun night in Music City.

Kitchenette
The kitchenette includes stainless steel appliances and everything you need for quick meals or snacks, plus a dual coffee station (Keurig + drip) to start your day right.

🔑 Easy & Secure Check-In

You will have full access to your unit as well as the amenities throughout the building. 
You will be given a code specifically created for you to pick up your key fob from the Key Cafe. The key fob will open your unit as well as the doors around the building.

Flexible Arrival
Check in on your own schedule, perfect for late flights or evening arrivals.

Secure Building
Both the building and unit feature monitored access for added peace of mind.

Parking: Downtown is walkable! Paid parking garage on site available if you have a vehicle, or rideshares and scooters are easy to grab right outside.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps up to 4)

Bedroom
Queen Bed 👑

Living Room
Comfortable Sleeper Sofa 🛋️

Additional Sleeping
Queen air mattress available for extra guests.

📍 Walkable SoBro Location

Broadway – 5 minute walk
Experience Nashville’s famous honky-tonks including Tootsie’s, The Stage, and more.

Bridgestone Arena – 5 minute walk
Perfect for concerts, events, and Nashville Predators games.

Music City Center – 4 minute walk
An ideal location for convention and business travelers.

Dining & Nightlife – Minutes away
SoBro offers fantastic restaurants, bars, and local favorites just steps from the building.

Local Tip: Check the Sentral pool schedule—you might catch live music while relaxing poolside during your stay! 🎶

🚫 Not Pet Friendly

This property maintains a pet-free environment.

Guest access
You will have full access to your unit as well as the amenities throughout the building. 
You will be given a code specifically created for you to pick up your key fob from the Key Cafe. The key fob will open your unit as well as the doors around the building.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
2022059381

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Most useless skill: N/A
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4539 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting