URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/22703330
Latitude: 36.1615
Longitude: -86.7771
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 5
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Easily the Best Nashville Location! Step out into the action from a characterful loft in the epicenter of town: The Broadway Strip. Found above a bright red boot store, Boot Barn, this space is set up intentionally with guest's comfort and convenience in mind. Thoughtful amenity extras like complimentary coffee and light snacks to make your stay comfortable. You will not be disappointed! Just read our reviews - they speak for themselves!

The space
✭ Please be sure to read through the ENTIRE listing before booking. There is a lot of information below. ✭

You're staying in 1 out of only 4 lofts in the entire building! Super private haven in the middle of Broadway!

LOFT #301:
As soon as you walk into the building, LOFT #301 sits right at the top of your 2nd flight of stairs. LOFT #301 has 1 private bedroom with a King size bed and en suite full bathroom. A half bath is located in the hallway. 

Sleeping Arrangements:
Bedroom: King Bed
Living Room: (3) Twin Hotel-Style Rollaway Beds, (1) Sofa Bed

This loft is more of an upscale penthouse feel with a spacious kitchen, open concept living room, and extra bar seating where everyone can enjoy cocktails and music - creating your own unique Broadway experience.(Please read more below for parking and more info)

**There is an additional $200 fee for guests wanting to book my property for filming and/or photography. A location agreement must be provided to me prior to your shoot date.**

FAQs
🧍🏽‍♂️ Additional Guests We kindly ask that your guest count stays within what was confirmed at booking. If your plans change and you'd like to bring a few extra faces, just reach out before your stay — we're happy to see what we can do!
🎥 Exterior Cameras For everyone's peace of mind, we have exterior cameras on the property for safety purposes.
🎈 Decorations We love that you might be celebrating something special! Just a couple of things to keep in mind — please avoid glitter and confetti (they're a cleaning crew's worst nightmare 😄), and steer clear of placing anything on the wallpaper. We just ask that all decorations are removed before you check out. Have fun with it!
🎉 Gatherings & Visitors Our lofts are designed as a peaceful retreat, so we ask that the property not be used as a hub for outside visitors or rotating guests. We want everyone — including our neighbors — to enjoy the space!
🤫 Quiet Hours We have wonderful neighbors, and we'd love to keep it that way! Please help us by keeping outdoor noise to a considerate level during quiet hours. Thank you!
🚭 Smoke-Free Property To keep our space fresh and comfortable for every guest, we ask that there be no smoking inside or within 25 feet of the property. If you smoke outdoors, please keep windows and doors closed. Please note that a $500 fee applies if smoke is detected indoors.
🛠️ Accidents Happen! We truly mean it — we get it! If something breaks or gets damaged during your stay, please just let us know. We appreciate your honesty and it always makes a big difference. No need to stress — just a quick message is all it takes!
🧼 Leaving the Space Our cleaning team works incredibly hard, and we're so grateful for them! The standard cleaning fee covers a normal turnover, so we ask that you leave the space in a reasonably tidy condition out of respect for their time and effort. Our check-out instructions (found in this welcome book) make it easy — just follow those and you're all set. We appreciate you helping us keep things country-cool, classy, and cozy! 🌿
⏰ Early Check-In & Late Check-Out Want to arrive a little earlier or linger a little longer? Early check-in (from 8:00 a.m.) and late check-out (until 5:00 p.m.) may be available — just send us a message ahead of time to check availability for your dates. A small fee applies for approved requests, and availability is limited, so the sooner you ask, the better!
🧳 Luggage Drops Unfortunately, we aren't able to accommodate luggage drops outside of your check-in window. We recommend Luggage Hero, Stow Station, or other luggage storage options nearby — they're super convenient and easy to use!

Guest access
24/7 keyless entry access to the building and loft.

Other things to note
** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!

This loft is not a street view loft, the windows open up to the alley.

NO FREE PARKING. The closest parking lot is on 4th and Broadway. Highly recommended that you not rent a car unless you're wanting to venture outside of Nashville. Cabs, Uber, and Lyft are the best way to get around! I have some promo codes at the lofts for free first rides if anyone in your group is a first time Uber or Lyft rider - so make sure to download the apps before you arrive!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Cal And Steph
Host User ID: 167417432
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/167417432
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Cal! Welcome to my loft! We greatly appreciate you staying with us. You're staying at my house, which gives your stay a less corporate, more personal feel. Thank you for taking care of my home while you are here. I hope you relax, unwind, and enjoy!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
1102 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting