URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1608060269759325535
Latitude: 36.14919
Longitude: -86.77573
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to "The Flip Side" in Nashville's vibrant and sought-after Gulch neighborhood. The perfect base for exploring the best of Music City, offering both comfort and convenience in one prime location.

Location, Location, Location: Step out the door and find yourself within walking distance to Downtown, Midtown, Gulch where you can explore coffee shops, restaurants, bars + shopping!

Premium amenities like a pool, parking, two decks, gym and your cozy apartment!

The space
The Flip Side ->

*The Living Area:
-plush sofa with ottoman
-Roku TV
-Record player
-Dining for 4
-Views of Downtown Nashville

*Full Kitchen

*Each bedroom has:
- a hybrid King bed with premium satin linens
- a Roku TV
- ensuite bathroom with shower/tub combo
- sound machine
- blackout curtains

Community Amenities ->

-Gym
-Pool
-Two Decks

-> We have one parking space available with the unit for a 15$/night fee, please let us know upon booking if you’re going to need this, we have to secure it prior for you, not guaranteed same day
-> Please note that this is a smart building, you do have to use a fob to get in and out and obtain it before checking in. Some people don’t like the extra step- we get it!
-> We are in the city limits and there are trains that pass through, you will hear them, we do have sound machines to block noise

Guest access
OUR COMMUNITY GUIDELINES (a message from the management of the complex)

Our Community takes the safety, security, sanity, and slightliness of our amenities, parking garage, apartment homes, hallways, etc. very seriously. Because of that, we operate under a Zero Tolerance policy in regards to our Community Standards listed below.

Violations of these policies will result in non-reversible fines being automatically added to the rental ledger in the amount of $500 for the First Offense and $1,000 for the Second and Following Offenses.

Community Standards:
1. No glass bottles, containers, etc. at the Pool and Outdoor Amenities:
Why?
- Broken glass near water is nearly impossible to clean up safely. It’s a hazard for everyone’s feet. If
broken glass is found, the entire pool must be closed, drained, and repeatedly deep cleaned over a
week’s duration.
2. No more than two (2) guests per apartment are permitted in amenity areas at any time.
Why?
- Amenities are for residents first. Limiting guests keeps spaces available, clean, and manageable.
3. Pets, other than verified service animals, are not permitted in the pool or amenity areas.
Why?
- Health and safety. Even the best pups can shed, scratch, or pee/poop. Again, this causes the area to be
closed and deep cleaned.
4. Quiet Hours – Quiet hours are from 10:00 PM to 7:00 AM daily.
Why?
- Everyone deserves rest. This ensures the community stays peaceful for all lifestyles.
5. Package Policy – Only residents may receive package deliveries. Guest deliveries are not
permitted.
Why?
- Delivery services were designed for residents. Guest deliveries cause mix-ups, liability, and theft issues.
6. Leash Policy – Dogs must always remain on a leash, except while inside the Dog Park.
Why?
- Not everyone is comfortable around dogs. This protects residents, pets, and property. It’s also city and
state code.

7. Valet Trash – Valet trash cans must be returned inside your unit no later than 9:00 AM.
Why?
- Trash Cans left out cause smells to linger, attract pests, and block walkways.
8. Package Theft – Theft of packages will result in immediate eviction.
Why?
- This is a federal offense which could result in up to 5 years in federal prison plus fines up to $250,000.
There will be Zero Tolerance moving forward. Additional monitoring solutions are being added as well. All
violators will be evicted and prosecuted.
9. Personal Speakers at the Pool – Personal speakers are not permitted in the pool area.
Headphones are required for music.
Why?
- Not everyone shares the same playlist. Headphones let everyone enjoy the space.
10.Non-Smoking Policy – This is a non-smoking property. Smoking is not allowed anywhere
inside apartments, on patios/balconies, or in community areas.
Why?
- Smoke carries, sticks, and spreads. Our non-smoking policy keeps air, hallways, and homes clean.
Apartments found with smoke damage will be charged $1000 for a Deep Vent Clean.
11. Threats or Violence Towards Staff or Other Residents – Zero Tolerance and will result in
immediate eviction.
12.Parking Violations – Vehicles that are inoperable, have flat tires, or unmoved in 30 Days will
be towed at the vehicle owners’ expense.

You must abide by these if staying. Please do not book if you are looking to have any gatherings or parties.

Thank you for your understanding and partnership in making the community a better place to call home.
Sincerely,
Haven at the Gulch Management

Other things to note
we are not responsible for amenities of the complex being shut down at time of stay

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lj
Host User ID: 742826734
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/742826734
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Excited to host your next vacation to Music City!  We love the small portfolio of properties we are currently offering + hope you do too!
Born in the 80s
My work: Vacation Rentals!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a few hours
7 months hosting
60 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting