URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/623906283158890087
Latitude: 36.33498
Longitude: -86.49907
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Gallatin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 8
occupancy: 14
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to ‘Hickory Dickory Dock’ our Lakefront Family Retreat!

This stunning lake front home on Old Hickory Lake is just 30 minutes outside of Music City and recently underwent to 2022 renovation. 
Whether you are planning a relaxing or adventurous visit to Nashville, this home will play the perfect host for you, your family and your travel companions.

We are located in a small community area on a peaceful cove which is ideal for fishing, kayaking or paddle boarding while you stay with us.

The space
As you will see from our pictures, the home has not only wonderful entertainment areas on the inside, but a plethora of places to enjoy mother nature beyond the walls of the property too! Lounge around the upper deck utilizing the gas fire pit, share a meal together overlooking the lake prepared on the charcoal grill or step down below and play games such as giant connect 4, take a nap on the lazy hanging chaise long or make s’mores together around the large log fire pit in the back yard!

We please ask that you are considerate of the homes around us as we have loving neighbors who’s homes are their tranquility. Refrain from any loud music outside the home at all times and especially keep the noise down between 9pm & 9am. Loud or vulgar music, smoking, drugs or any illegal activity is strictly prohibited. Violations will result in the immediate cancellation of your stay at your expense. 

We realize that lakefront offers a lovely place to relax and take in beautiful vistas, but also know that there is opportunity for adventure and activity too. For that purpose we are providing the use of several kayaks, paddle boards, life jackets and fishing rods. All guests MUST sign our waivers prior to arrival. A copy of this will be sent to you upon booking confirmation. This equipment is not only expensive but it is provided for the benefit of all the guests that use the property so taking good care of it is paramount. Absolutely no use of the water equipment is permitted while under the influence of drugs or alcohol and children must be supervised by an adult at all times. 
So let’s tell you more about the interior layout.

On the main floor we have a large living room with plenty of seating around a flat screen TV. It is open to a formal dining area, a spacious kitchen with bar, a games table area and a conveniently tucked away office desk should you have some work to follow up with while away from home. The views of the lake from all of these areas are wonderful thanks to the abundant glass windows and doors to the rear of the home. 

Nestled off the kitchen is a large laundry and mudroom area, perfect for washing and drying your clothes from a day outside. Through the mudroom you’ll find our oversized 2 car garage that has been converted into a heated and cooled games room. Within this room you’ll find an additional sectional couch with mounted flat screen tv, a pool table, a ping pong table and even a putting area for the avid golfer! There are in fact several golf courses located close to this home.

In addition to these living areas on the main floor, there are also 3 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms with the following bed arrangements:

Master bedroom suite - Kings bed. Additional roll away single bed located in the walk-in closet. Ensuite bathroom shower and double vanities. Flat screen TV (Sleeps up to 3)

Secondary bedroom - Queen bed. Flat screen TV (Sleeps up to 2)
Additional bedroom - Queen bed. Flat screen TV (Sleeps up to 2)

Lastly there is a large basement area which features a living room with mounted flat screen TV and gas fireplace. There is a full bathroom on the basement level and a specious alcove bunk bed area that can be closed off from the living space with blackout curtains. Within this alcove we have 2 queen bunk beds with queen on top of queen layout. (Sleeps up to 8)

The basement has an additional attached garage that is where we store all of the lake equipment as well as our newly added electric vehicle charger! Please make sure that the kayaks, canoes, paddle boards, fishing rods, paddles, oars and life jackets are all returned after each use.

We are located within 5 minutes of local groceries, Starbucks and other restaurants and are very excited to host you on your upcoming trip!

Here are some other useful drive times for your reference:

Downtown Nashville - 30-35 mins
Nashville Airport (BNA) - 30 mins
Tennessee Titan’s Stadium - 30 mins
Nashville Predator’s Arena - 30-35 mins
Opryland Hotel - 25 mins
Closest Public Boat Ramp - 3 mins
Nearest Marina - 10 mins
Lock 4 Public Mountain Bike Trails - 10 mins
Movie Theater - 5 mins

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonny
Host User ID: 24007959
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24007959
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
British immigrant!
Realtor in Nashville since 2005.
Love Sports, Outdoors, Family & Friends
Christian
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5855 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting