URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/864062641604049747
Latitude: 36.1544
Longitude: -86.7637
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 5
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Newly Listed! 
Enjoy a stylish experience at this centrally-located condo.  Beautiful BRAND NEW condo. Located exactly 1 mile from Downtown Nashville / Broadway on 1st Ave South and Lindsley Ave - just two blocks from the popular LIVE MUSIC venue Third and Lindsley and two doors down from The Cordelle Event Center!!

The space
Located just south of downtown in the Rolling Mill Hill neighborhood, this sleek new condo puts all the attractions of Music City at your doorstep. Perched on the fifth floor, the condo offers a private balcony, a contemporary living area, and a convenient bunk nook for additional sleeping options. The glass slider in the living area lets in lots of natural light throughout the space, and the full kitchen features sparkling stainless steel appliances and a convenient breakfast bar for mealtime. 

Newly furnished with your comfort in mind, makes you feel right at home. This cozy space features
1 King Bed & 1 Queen Sleeper Sofa and 2 Twin Beds (bunks).

WEEKEND RESERVATIONS:
Three night MINIMUM is required on all weekends. Friday and Saturday MUST be booked together. Weekends are our most popular time in the city, which is why we require Friday and Saturday to be booked together. We have this rule due to the fact that it makes the other weekend night almost impossible to book if it is split up.

**Additional rules may apply for special events and holidays**

CMA FEST: Thursday to Monday must be booked together

PRESIDENTS/VETERANS/MEMORIAL/JULY 4th/LABOR DAY HOLIDAY WEEKENDS: Sunday night must be booked with your reservation.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Please read information below BEFORE contacting host.

RESERVATION HOLDS:
Please read information below BEFORE contacting host.

This spot was both thoughtfully and functionally designed. 

✔ Accommodates up to SIX guests very comfortably
✔ High-Speed Wi-Fi
✔ Air Conditioning
✔ Heating
✔ Free Parking

After days of exploring Nashville, stream your favorite channels on the TV in the living area or bedroom, or surf the web thanks to the free high-speed Wi-Fi. If you didn’t get your steps in while exploring the city, you can visit the shared fitness room and knock out that workout before another busy day tomorrow.

MUSE AMENITIES
-Rooftop lounge
-Fitness center
-Elevator in the building
-Spacious Lobby Area with Television
-Washer/Dryer

THINGS TO KNOW
HBO, ESPN, and Peacock are available for guests.

No dog(s) or pets are welcome in this home.

BED SET UP:
1 king bed
1 very comfortable sofa bed
2 twin beds (bunks)

AMENITIES INCLUDE:
Free High Speed Fiber WiFi 
Flat Screen TV (Living Room & Bedroom)
Fully equipped kitchen
Iron/Iron board
Hair dryer
Fresh bed linens
Fresh Plush towels
Toiletries - shampoo, conditioner, body soap.
Cozy pillows 
Coffeemaker, coffee, creamer, sugar
Air-conditioning/heat

PARKING NOTES:
There is free street parking.

If this space is booked please feel free to inquire about our other accommodation options.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
In addition if you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

CLEANING:
We pride ourselves in providing a clean home for our guests. We hire cleaners that not only work hard, but take pride in their craft. They treat the property as their own and we pay them well for a thoroughly clean home. If during your stay, anything isn’t up to your standard please let us know immediately so that we can make it right for you right away. Your satisfaction is our top priority.

2022followed012followed_by240

Guest access
KEYLESS ENTRY:
Prior to your arrival, you will receive a unique keypad code that will serve as your keyless entry to the condo during your stay. Access is all keyless entry and you can come and go as you please.

Other things to note
PARKING:

There is FREE STREET parking.
or
There is also a PAY TO PARK GARAGE located directly under the complex.

OTHER DETAILS:

We have worked very hard to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Please respect, care and be mindful of the surrounding neighbors so that guests can continue to enjoy the space for many years to come.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Please DO NOT ask for a early check in or late check out unless it’s the day prior to your arrival or the day before check out.
We HIGHLY SUGGEST the following if a early check in or late check out is needed:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
Again, Please DO NOT ask for a early check in or late check out unless it’s the day prior to your arrival or the day before check out.

RESERVATION HOLDS:
If you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dorinda
Host User ID: 28196034
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/28196034
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born and raised in Nashville, we are deeply connected to the local music, boating, and warm community that feels like family. We’ve thoughtfully prepared every detail to make your stay truly special and comfortable. Whether it’s your first visit or you’re a seasoned traveler, this is your home away from home. Need anything? Just ask, we’re here to ensure you feel right at home in your cozy Nashville retreat.
My work: CozyStays&HappyHeart
I spend too much time: Organizing
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
4448 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting