URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/49550702
Latitude: 36.1939
Longitude: -86.7739
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your Nashville retreat! This fun home is close to Broadway, offering the perfect blend of relaxation and fun. Enjoy a private pool and hot tub with a vibrant flamingo mural, stunning city views from the rooftop deck, and a game room for endless entertainment. With free parking and ample space for everyone, it’s the ideal spot for groups and families to unwind and explore Nashville’s best restaurants, bars, and entertainment—all just minutes away!

The space
🦩☀️ Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway! 

Step into 2,300+ sq ft of freshly re-designed comfort, where modern style meets Southern hospitality. This private oasis is packed with photo-worthy moments and endless amenities you won’t find anywhere else — including a heated pool, hot tub, rooftop deck, fire pit, grill, and so much more.

Whether you're here to relax, explore, or celebrate, this fun-filled escape is just minutes from downtown — but you might never want to leave!

𝗢𝗨𝗧𝗦𝗜𝗗𝗘:
• Heated pool & hot tub – all yours!
• Chic sun loungers & a cute patio umbrella
• Flamingo pool mural = photo gold 🦩
• Cozy gas fire pit + grill & outdoor stove
• Grassy area just for pups, with waste station

𝗚𝗔𝗠𝗘𝗦 𝗚𝗔𝗟𝗢𝗥𝗘:
• Garage converted into a full game room
• Pool table for classic competition 🎱
• Hook21 for fast-paced fun
• Board games for all ages
• Corn hole for laid-back outdoor play

𝗥𝗢𝗢𝗙𝗧𝗢𝗣 𝗗𝗘𝗖𝗞:
• Epic skyline views 🏙️ 
• Brand new outdoor smart TV
• Painted Nashville Mural

𝗜𝗠𝗣𝗢𝗥𝗧𝗔𝗡𝗧 𝗙𝗘𝗔𝗧𝗨𝗥𝗘𝗦:
• 7 comfy beds + air mattress 
• Two Living Rooms - space to spread out
• Nashville neon sign for photo ops 
• Gas Stove, stocked kitchen, Keurig  ☕️ 
• Lighted bathroom mirrors
• Tankless water heater; unlimited hot water
• True blackout curtains & comfy beds 🛌 
• Owner managed, book with confidence!

Located in the heart of Nashville, this home is one of the closest rentals with a pool and hot tub to all the exciting downtown nightlife. Whether you're planning a family or friends getaway, hosting a fun-filled bachelorette/bachelor celebration, organizing a cozy couple's retreat, or coordinating a stay with your work colleagues, our spacious and well-appointed home is the perfect choice for your next trip.

Spread across three floors, our home features three cozy bedrooms, three full bathrooms, and a convenient half bath + two large living areas providing plenty of space for up to 13 guests. This property offers unmatched amenities in Nashville, including a private pool, hot tub, fire pit, rooftop deck, and game room—ensuring countless memorable moments for any group.

LAYOUT:
★ 1st Floor: Entryway, laundry room, bedroom with a king bed and full en suite bathroom, plus a garage transformed into a fun game room with Pool Table, Hook21, Board Games, and Corn Hole.

★ 2nd Floor: Spacious living room with a pull-out couch, Smart TV, fully equipped kitchen, dining table with 6 chairs, large kitchen island with 3 velvet barstools, primary bedroom with a sturdy canopy king bed and full en suite bathroom & walk-in shower w/bench + a convenient half bath near the kitchen. Plush single rollaway bed available in bedroom closet that can be moved anywhere in the home.

★ 3rd Floor: Trendy bonus room featuring a neon Nashville sign for photo ops, pull-out couch & air mattress + a bedroom with 2 queen beds and a full bathroom. Big doors open up to partially covered rooftop deck featuring custom painted Nashville mural, brand new outdoor TV & the most stunning views! 

★ Backyard Oasis: Step down a flight of stairs to discover a private pool, hot tub, sun loungers, gas grill, fire pit, corn hole, and a grassy area for your dogs to enjoy. For our guests convenience, the fire pit and grill are connected to gas lines, so you’ll never have to worry about running out of gas during your stay! **Pool & Hot Tub are open year round & pool is heated during colder months 

★ Beds Available: 2 king beds, 2 queen beds, 2 pull-out couches, 1 single rollaway bed (located in primary bedroom closet & can be moved anywhere in the home), and 1 air mattress. Sleeps large groups comfortably!

★ Spacious and inviting—this home offers over 2,300 sq. ft., making it larger than most 4BR/4BA Airbnbs in Nashville! Enjoy roomier bedrooms and two living areas with plenty of space to relax, spread out, and make the most of your stay. 

★AMAZING LOCATION★
Close to downtown (5 minutes!) but far enough away for relaxation, quietness, and space to unwind!

★WALKABLE BUSINESSES★
Retrograde Coffee, Pizza & Pasta, Fancypants, Cherries, Liquor store, Dollar General

Guest access
The home uses a Yale Smart Lock. Your access code will be sent in your check-in instructions one day prior to arrival. The code will activate at 4:00 PM on your check-in day and expire at 10:00 AM on your check-out day.

Two owner’s closets (kitchen pantry and 2nd-floor coat closet) are locked and not accessible to guests.

Other things to note
CHECK-IN: 4:00 PM
CHECK-OUT: BY 10:00 AM
 
EARLY CHECK-IN/LATE CHECK-OUT:
In limited cases where scheduling allows, early check-ins or late check-outs may be approved for an additional fee starting at $300 (starting at $600 for both). Please note that this fee applies regardless of whether the extension is for one hour or several hours. We do not accept any last minute requests because our team is scheduled in advance - all requests must be made at least 3 days prior to check-in. Please note that we do not offer on-site luggage storage, but we are happy to provide recommendations for nearby off-site luggage storage options.

LOCAL GUEST POLICY:
We do not permit bookings from local guests. Reservations are not allowed for anyone who resides in Nashville or within a 60-mile radius, and this applies to all individuals on the property—whether staying overnight or visiting. If a reservation is made by a local guest or local guests are on our property at any time, we reserve the right to cancel the booking without a refund. Please do not book our home if you live in Nashville or within 60 miles. In limited circumstances, exceptions may be considered. If you believe your situation qualifies, please send us an inquiry with details prior to booking.

POOL & HOT TUB POLICY:
Enjoy the convenience of our pool and hot tub, available year-round for your use and relaxation. Pool & Hot Tub are open year round - pool is heated during colder months. When outdoor temperatures are very cold, there may be limitations to how warm the pool water can get. The hot tub is heated separately and will provide a warmer water temperature for guests looking for a cozy soak. Please note, that use of the pool and hot tub is at your own risk. We are not responsible for any accidents, injuries, or incidents that may occur while using these amenities. By booking, you acknowledge and accept full responsibility for your use of the pool, hot tub, and surrounding areas. Pets are strictly prohibited in the pool and hot tub. If you prefer a pool towel or pool float, please bring your own. 

NO SMOKING POLICY:
To maintain a clean, comfortable, and healthy environment for all guests, smoking and vaping are strictly prohibited inside the property. This includes all indoor areas as well as the rooftop deck. This policy applies to all substances, including marijuana. If you wish to smoke or vape, please do so outside in designated areas such as the backyard or driveway. A $500 fee will be charged if there is any evidence of smoking or vaping inside the home.

PARKING INFORMATION:
We offer free on-site parking with two driveway spaces. Unlike many Nashville rentals, our driveway is approximately 25 feet long, making it suitable for larger vehicles. Additional free street parking is also available nearby, with ample space for extra vehicles. Please note, there is no garage parking, as the garage has been converted into a game room.

CHILDREN DISCLOSURE:
We’re delighted to welcome families with children to our home! However, please note that the property is not childproofed. The home includes features such as a pool, hot tub, a three-story layout with multiple staircases, and a rooftop deck with elevated edges. These amenities may present safety risks for young children. For the safety of all guests, we kindly ask that children are supervised by an adult at all times. By booking, you acknowledge and accept responsibility for supervising children and ensuring their safety throughout your stay.

THREE STORY HOME W/ STAIRS:
Our home features three stories—a common architectural style in Nashville—offering beautiful views of the surrounding skyline. Please note that stairs are required to access all levels of the home, and all guests should be comfortable using them during their stay. We hope the stunning views and unique layout make the experience well worth it!

POTENTIAL NOISE:
Nashville is known for its vibrant, lively atmosphere—especially in central areas. While our property is designed to provide a relaxing retreat, some ambient city noise may be experienced during your stay. This may include sounds from neighboring homes or short-term rentals, traffic, sirens, music, or nearby construction. These factors are outside of our control. While most guests find any noise to be minimal, this may be more noticeable for those who are not accustomed to an urban environment.

PET POLICY (DOGS ONLY):
We happily welcome 1–2 well-behaved, house-trained adult dogs (over 1 year old) to stay in our home. All dogs must be crated when left unattended. Please bring a crate with you or have one purchased and delivered to the home. To ensure a smooth stay, all dogs must be disclosed, discussed, and pre-approved by the host prior to booking. Please also be sure to include your dog(s) in your reservation. A $100 flat pet fee applies for up to two dogs. Please note that dogs under 1 year old, cats, and other animals are not permitted. We kindly ask that you clean up after your dog(s) and help us maintain the quality of our home for future guests. Do not leave your dog unattended in the backyard because it can easily escape the fence.

PESTS & OUTDOOR ENVIRONMENT:
Our home is located in the South and surrounded by nature, so occasional encounters with pests (such as ants, spiders, wasps or other insects) or wildlife may occur, despite regular professional pest control. While we take proactive measures to minimize their presence, these situations are sometimes unavoidable in this environment. To help reduce the likelihood of pests, we kindly ask that you do not leave food out and promptly clean up any spills. Please note that no refunds will be issued for any sightings of pests, insects, or wildlife, or for any related inconveniences.

WE LOVE OUR AMAZING GUESTS:
A great deal of time, care, and investment has gone into creating this home, which we truly own and love. We are committed to hosting guests who will respect both our property and our neighbors. If you’ve made it this far in the listing and have any questions at all, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re happy to help!

Thank you,
Allie & Calvin
(Homeowners)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Allie
Host User ID: 285748255
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/285748255
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’ve been a professional Airbnb host in Nashville for 7 years and was honored to be named Host of the Year in 2021! 

I believe great stays start with easy communication, clear expectations, and spotless homes—creating spaces guests love coming back to again and again! 

My husband and I co-own a boutique property management company called Stay Nashville, LLC. We also love buying, selling, and flipping homes as investments. 

I’d love the opportunity to host you and your group here in Nashville!
Born in the 80s
My work: Professional Host
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1658 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting