URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/23169939
Latitude: 36.13148
Longitude: -86.7969
rental_type: Entire place
property_type: OTHER
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This newly renovated guest suite has a private entrance and a fully equipped kitchen to make this place home sweet home as you stay local. The neighborhood is within walking distance to Music Row, Hillsboro Village/Vandy,  Belmont Blvd, Belmont Mansion, and Belmont University. We offer secure onsite free parking, a premium for Nashville travelers. 
9.2 mile to the airport.  2 miles to downtown. 3 miles to 12 South. 7.5 miles to East Nashville. 0.6 miles to Vanderbilt. 6.2 miles to the Nations.

The space
Our place is close to shops, restaurants and downtown Nashville. You’ll  love our place because of its central location, the neighborhood, and the pedestrian-friendly streets. The house is five minutes to Music Row, ten minutes to the Gulch and downtown Nashville. The place is good for couples, solo adventurers, and business travelers. If Belmont University is your main destination, the house is a short walking distance to its campus (1 block away. You can just leave your car parked safely on the property and not worry about paid parking or find parking in general. Vanderbilt University and Lipscomb University are less than five miles away.  

Our neighborhood is unique for two reasons.  First, the house is close to Music Row, Hillsboro Village/Vandy, Green Hills Mall, and 12 South. Secondly, the neighborhood promotes an “old town” atmosphere with the famous Belmont Mansion not too far.  

Private Parking is available on-site. The guest suite is well lit for late arrivals. The door pad allows for a smooth keyless entry. 

Our guest suite is your home away from home. This is our childhood house and we are glad to be part of your positive experience in Nashville.  My father and I co-host 18 South Guest Suite.  He stays in the main house and he is very helpful and attentive. I will make sure to call and check-in with you a few days prior to your arrival or the day of your arrival. I want to make sure you have everything you need and you feel at right at home. Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or concerns.  We respect your privacy and space.  Therefore, we will make ourselves available as much or as little as your day and energy will permit.  For your convenience and maximize your stay, we can arrange early arrival if the room is ready. Luggage drop-off can also be arranged if time is given. NOTE: bedding styles/linens/decorative pillows are renewed often to give guests a newness experience but rest assured the comfortable space stays the same. 

The guestbook is available to help make your stay at 18 South informative and of course, enjoyable.

Guest access
This studio style apartment guest suite has a private entrance around the back of the house and private parking directly in front of the suite. Take the side driveway to the back of the house and park as close to the side fence (see "Parking" sign) to avoid blocking the garage. We ask that the wooden privacy gate be left closed when leaving the property. Although the unit is an addition to the back of the main house, the privacy is equivalent to a stand alone property.

Other things to note
The front of the house is a red brick craftsman style house with a side driveway. Walk or drive around the back and see the second red door entrance to the house.

Taxes:

TAXES

We believe in Nashville and  we are committed to being a part of our community and support tourism it in any way we can, we are a registered STRP listing and are required to collect hospitality tax of 6% plus $2.50 per night of your stay, as is required by the state (if you're doing the math yourself... taxes will be calculated from the reservation amount plus the cleaning fee). As of March 2018, Airbnb is set-up to collect sales taxes only. So, like many other hosts in cities that require the collection of sales and occupancy taxes, we want to operate a rental business that is transparent and compliant with local tax laws.  
To make your stay with us carefree, we are covering the occupancy/hotel tax on your behalf.  We hope your stay in Nashville is memorable.
Permit #2018009715

 Smoking is not allowed in the house or on the premises. 

 People other than those in the guest party must have a permission of the hosts to visit. 
We, the hosts, are not responsible for any accidents, injuries or illness that occurs while on the premises. The hosts are not responsible for the loss of personal belongings or valuables of the guest. By accepting this reservation, it is agreed that all guests are expressly assuming the risk of any harm arising from their use of the premises or others whom they invite to use the premise. 

We ask that you keep the property and all furnishings in good order. You are welcome to use the kitchen. We ask that you leave it the way you found it. Only use appliances with permission from the hosts. 

Housekeeping: While linens and bath towels are included in the rental, daily maid service is not included in the rental rate. We ask that any soiled towels and linens be placed on the bathroom floor prior to your departure. Be mindful of the fact that we live in close proximity to our neighbors: please keep conversations discreetly. 

For yours and our protection, the exterior of the house is monitored by motion-activated cameras.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Rina
Host User ID: 34907687
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/34907687
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am an artist, an interior designer, an explorer, a mom to two awesome boys ( who are carving their own niche in the world ) and a wife. Since being a member of the Airbnb traveler/host community, and most recent an  Airbnb Ambassador,  I have added Airbnb home staging on my list of interior design services- Design to Rent. 

Each of our listing offers  a unique curated look that is a one-of- a-kind  design based on location, comfort, and style. 
Currently, we are renovating a historical home that we are excited to add to our list of Plus listings as Boutique Auberge™. Staying in an historical home offers a unique experience of history, walking tours, culinary art and formal gardens. 

My husband Shan and I enjoy entertaining and welcoming friends, family, and new acquaintances to our home. 

Depending on which of our four Airbnb listings you book will depend on our delightful meeting in person. I travel often for work, but rest assured I and my team are a quick text away to answer any questions you have. Our goal is to make sure you are comfortable,  welcomed, and feel right at home away from home. 

If I am not moving furniture around, I am usually in front of a canvas painting faith-based artwork. 
Airbnb hosting has been a wonderful experience for us. As we meet people through accommodations, we hope some will turn into life long friends.
My work: Rina Norwood Design
I'm obsessed with: Gardening
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
709 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting