URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1762607795689819214
Latitude: 36.1462
Longitude: -86.7594
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 12
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your Nashville group getaway! This unique combo includes two neighboring homes booked together, offering 8 bedrooms, 12 beds, 6.5 baths, 2 kitchens, 2 living areas, and 4-car garage parking. Perfect for families, wedding groups, and large getaways, with plenty of space to relax. Located just south of Downtown near Wedgewood-Houston, you’re only minutes from Broadway, GEODIS Park, The Gulch, Music City Center, and Nashville’s top attractions!

The space
Nashville Duo | 8BR | 12 Beds | 6 Baths | 4-Car Garage

Description

Welcome to the ultimate Nashville group getaway! This unique combo offers two spacious neighboring homes booked together, giving your group the perfect balance of privacy and togetherness while keeping everyone close to the action.

With 8 bedrooms, 12 beds, 6 bathrooms, 2 fully equipped kitchens, 2 living rooms, and attached 2-car garages at each home, this setup comfortably accommodates large families, wedding groups, friend trips, and group getaways.

Where You’ll Sleep

Home 1 – Trimble Street

Bedroom 1: 1 King bed + private en-suite bathroom
Bedroom 2: 1 Queen bed + private en-suite bathroom
Bedroom 3: 2 Queen beds arranged as bunks
Bedroom 4: 2 Queen beds arranged as bunks
Jack-and-Jill bathroom shared by Bedrooms 3 & 4
Half bathroom on the main floor

Home 2 – Lewis Street

Bedroom 1: 1 King bed
Bedroom 2: 2 Queen beds arranged as bunks + private en-suite bathroom
Bedroom 3: 2 Queen beds arranged as bunks
Bedroom 4: 1 Queen bed
Jack-and-Jill bathroom shared by Bedrooms 3 & 4
Half bathroom on the main floor
The Homes

Each home features a comfortable open-concept living area, fully equipped kitchen, dining space, and plenty of room for everyone to relax. The two homes are ideal for larger groups who want to stay close together while still having separate spaces to unwind.

Parking

Traveling with multiple vehicles? You’ll have plenty of parking with:

2-car attached garage at each home
Additional parking spaces in front of the garages
Nearby street parking

Up to 4 vehicles can fit in the garages combined, with additional parking available nearby.

Location

You’ll be conveniently located just south of Downtown Nashville, near Wedgewood-Houston and Chestnut Hill, with easy access to Nashville’s top attractions.

Approximate drive times:

-Wedgewood-Houston: 4–6 minutes
-GEODIS Park: 5–7 minutes
-Music City Center: 6–8 minutes
-Broadway / Honky Tonk Highway: 7–10 minutes
-Bridgestone Arena: 7–10 minutes
-The Gulch: 7–10 minutes
-Ryman Auditorium: 8–10 minutes
-Nissan Stadium: 8–11 minutes
-12 South: 9–12 minutes
-Vanderbilt University: 10–15 minutes
-Nashville International Airport (BNA): 10–15 minutes

Whether you're coming to Nashville for Broadway nightlife, a concert, a Titans game, a wedding, a girls' weekend, or simply to explore Music City, this two-home combo gives your group the space, comfort, and convenience to enjoy it all.

Two homes. One reservation. Plenty of space for the whole crew. 🎸🏡

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the home and attached garage during their stay.

Other things to note
IMPORTANT DETAILS:
- Before booking, please read/ understand the cancellation policy. We strongly recommend purchasing trip cancellation/travel insurance as we do not refund for cancellations outside of the policy listed.
- Parties and/or Events are not permitted at this property & may result in the removal of your group from the premises without a refund.

HOUSE RULES:
Minimum Booking Age: 25 years old.
No Pets: No pets allowed, including emotional support animals.
No Locals: Local guests are not permitted.
No Parties or Events: Only registered guests are allowed in the home.
No Smoking: Smoking is prohibited inside the home and on the property.
No Weapons: Weapons of any kind are not permitted in our home or on our property. 
No Rearranging Furniture: Please do not move any furniture around at all.
No Confetti or Tape: Please do not use tape or adhesive OF ANY KIND on our walls. *Damages will be charged to you.*

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help :)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Music City BNBs
Host User ID: 22224024
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/22224024
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Howdy y’all! Im Shack— born-and-raised Tennesseans who turn good stays into great stories. I run a small boutique rental company with one goal: making your stay feel like home (but better). We love our guests and are always thrilled to see familiar faces return year after year. Come live like a local — we can’t wait to host you!
My work: we <3 hosting
I'm obsessed with: making guests feel like locals
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
1148 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting