URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/29852198
Latitude: 36.1451
Longitude: -86.7855
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your ultimate Nashville retreat, a stunning 4-level private home designed for relaxation, entertainment, and breathtaking city views. Located just down from The Gulch, Broadway, and top music venues, this stylish and spacious 3-bedroom, 4-bath home features a massive 700 sq. ft. rooftop oasis, perfect for unwinding or entertaining by the fire pit under the stars.

The space
🏡 Highlights of Your Stay:

✅ Spectacular rooftop lounge with unmatched views of downtown
✅ Fully equipped rooftop kitchen with gas grill, refrigerator, sink & trash disposal
✅ Cozy gas fire pit with plush Restoration Hardware seating
✅ Outdoor Smart TV – perfect for movie nights or catching the big game
✅ Gourmet chef’s kitchen with gas stovetop, quartz countertops & stainless steel appliances
✅ Luxury Restoration Hardware furnishings
✅ Murphy bed in the living room for additional guests with separate full bath
✅ Balconies on two levels with stunning city views
✅ Fast WiFi & Smart TVs in every bedroom
✅ All bedrooms have en-suite baths for maximum privacy & convenience
✅ Primary bedroom features a luxurious soaking tub & separate glass shower

🌆 Rooftop Paradise – The Crown Jewel

Your rooftop living space is a true showstopper—whether you're sipping coffee at sunrise, grilling a feast, or cozying up by the fire pit with a glass of wine, this is where unforgettable memories are made. With unparalleled panoramic views of Nashville's skyline, this spot is the perfect backdrop for a magical stay.

🏡 Inside the Home

🌟 Main Living & Entertainment Space
🛋 Spacious open-concept design with high-end finishes
🔥 Restoration Hardware chandelier adds an elegant touch
🍽 12-ft dining table – ideal for gathering and entertaining
🎥 65” Smart TV for the ultimate movie night
☕ Keurig coffee machine & 12-cup coffee maker

🛏 Luxurious Bedrooms & Bathrooms

🌟 Primary Suite (Third Floor) – A true retreat featuring a queen bed with luxury linens, 65” Smart TV, and private balcony with breathtaking downtown views. The spa-inspired en-suite bathroom boasts a deep soaking tub, glass-enclosed shower, and double vanity for ultimate relaxation.
🌟 Guest Bedroom 1 (Entry Floor) – Thoughtfully designed with a queen bed, en-suite bathroom, and a 55” Smart TV—perfect for added privacy and convenience.
🌟 Guest Bedroom 2 (Third Floor) – Another inviting space with a queen bed, en-suite bathroom, and a 55” Smart TV, offering a cozy and private retreat.
🌟 Bonus Sleeping Space (Second Floor) – A full-size Murphy bed with luxury linens, tucked into the stylish living area. A full bathroom with a walk-in shower is just steps away.
🛁 4 Full Bathrooms – Each stocked with plush towels, toiletries, and modern finishes.

🚗 Parking & Access

✅ Private 2-car garage for secure parking
✅ Keyless entry with a personalized code for seamless check-in
✅ 24/7 outdoor security cameras for peace of mind 
📍 Prime Location – Just Minutes Away!
🎸 The Gulch (boutique shopping, dining, & nightlife) – ½ a mile away
🎶 Broadway Honky Tonks – 1.5 miles away
🍽 Best local restaurants & coffee shops – ½ a mile away
🏟 Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, Music Row – 1.5 miles away

✨ Book Now for an Unforgettable Nashville Experience!

This home is perfect for families, couples, and small groups looking for a high-end experience in one of Nashville’s best locations. Whether you're here for live music, amazing food, or just a luxurious getaway, this home is designed to impress.

🔹 Easy Checkout – No Chores Required! We want you to relax and enjoy your stay! At checkout, simply:
✔ Take out the trash to the designated bin.
✔ Start the dishwasher with any used dishes.

That’s it! No long to-do lists—just pack up and go!

🔥 Don't miss out! Secure your stay today and experience Nashville like never before! 🔥

We follow local and state tax rules. Each reservation includes applicable taxes and a cleaning fee.

Short Term Rental Permit Parcel: 105014A00900CO

Guest access
To access the rental during your stay you will receive a unique code.  No need to worry about keeping up with a key.  For our guest's protection, our property has a security camera on the rooftop, outside the front door, and garage.  

There is a two car garage to park your car and additional street parking is available on Archer St.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Joe
Host User ID: 61424583
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/61424583
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
132 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting