URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1146654523965886875
Latitude: 36.2187
Longitude: -86.7041
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a comfortable and convenient stay in Club Wyndham Nashville in this inviting 1-bedroom, 1-bath resort unit featuring 504–632 sq ft of thoughtfully designed space. Perfect for up to 4 guests, this retreat offers a king bedroom with ensuite, mini kitchen for quick meals, in-unit washer and dryer, and access to resort amenities. Relax after exploring Nashville’s iconic music venues, attractions, and entertainment just minutes away.

The space
Nestled in the heart of Music City, this charming resort exudes Southern hospitality. You'll find everything you need to explore Nashville's vibrant music scene, historic landmarks, and lively nightlife. Nashville is the perfect home base for experiencing the best of Nashville. It's conveniently situated near the Country Music Hall of Fame, the lively shops and restaurants of Green Hills, and the Nashville Zoo. After a day of adventure, return to the resort's warm, welcoming atmosphere.

Welcome to Club Wyndham Nashville - Your Stay Includes: 1 bedroom 1 bath unit 
Experience the perfect mix of comfort, convenience, and music city charm! This fully furnished 1-bath getaway offers everything you need to feel at home while exploring all that Nashville has to offer. 504–632 sq ft.
 Accommodates 4 guests 

 Master Bedroom: King Bed (varies) attached ensuite 
 Kitchen: Mini kitchen for preparing quick meals and snacks

 Extras:
• In-unit washer and dryer – enjoy the convenience of doing laundry at your leisure

Whether you’re visiting Nashville for music, sightseeing, or a weekend getaway, this Wyndham Nashville retreat provides the convenience, comfort, and fun you need for a memorable stay!

 Important Note:
Buildings 10 and 11 do not have elevator access. Guests with mobility concerns may wish to request a lower floor (based on availability).

 Note: Photos may not reflect the exact unit you’ll be staying in. Your suite may vary slightly. “Varies” reflects resort policy, not ours – the resort reserves the right to adjust bed sizes or layout configurations.
We want you to enjoy your stay here, so we offer a plethora of amenities: 
Activities Center
Barbecue Area
Basketball
Business Center
Children's Playground
Children's Pool (Outdoor/Seasonal)
Computer With Internet (Shared)
Concierge Services
Conference Room
Fitness Center
Horseshoes
Hot Tub (Outdoor)
Movie Rentals
Picnic Area
Shuttle Services (Limited Area Attractions)
Swimming Pool (Heated/Outdoor)
Swimming Pool (Indoor)
Swimming Pool (Indoor/Outdoor)
Swimming Pool (Outdoor)
Some may incur a fee 

Buildings 10 and 11 do not have elevators.

Pets are not permitted.

Daily housekeeping is available at an additional charges.

No shows and early departures will not receive a refund. The entire balance (100%) will be forfeited.

Inquire with resort regarding smoking regulations

Grand Ole Opry, just a mile down the road, opens up opportunities for entertainment and exploration.
What To Do in Nashville:
- Visit Downtown Nashville
- Grand Ole Opry
- The Johnny Cash Museum
- Ryman Auditorium
- Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
- The Hermitage
- Nashville Zoo
- The Parthenon
-Boating
-Golf
-Lake
-Tennis Courts

Getting Around 
Parking is free (no valet parking available).

The nearest grocery store is five miles from the resort.

A vehicle is recommended to enjoy the area.

If you are using your vehicle's Gps system or an online mapping service for driving directions, please enter the following address: 2415 McGavock Pk, Nashville Tx 37214

You expressly understand and agree that the resort may charge your credit card for any violation of the resort’s Rules and Regulations, including but not limited to violations of the smoking and pet policies and any damages to your room or the resort caused by you or your guests.
Any violation of the resort’s Rules and Regulations may result in additional fines and penalties, including but not limited to the right to remove you and your guests from the resort premises without a refund. A credit card is required for the $250 security deposit at check-in. This deposit is fully refundable at checkout, provided no damage has occurred. The primary guest checking in must be 21+ years old.
No shows and early departures will Not receive a refund. The entire balance (100%) will be forfeited.
Service animals that are trained to work or perform tasks for the benefit of an individual with a disability are welcome at all Club Wyndham Managed locations and Not Managed locations. All other animals, trained or untrained, whose sole function is to provide emotional support, therapy, comfort, or companionship do not qualify as service animals and are not permitted at Club Wyndham Managed or Not Managed locations.
This is a time-share resort. You will be a guest of the owner. You might be offered a gift for listening to the Wyndham timeshare presentation. This is Not obligatory.
Photos and descriptions are accurate but might not match your exact room. Similar to a hotel, units are assigned at check-in. Upon arrival, you may request a specific building, floor, or view, and the resort staff will do their best to accommodate based on availability
You may request as many keys as there are people staying in the unit. Keys are key cards and bracelets.
If you need to change the name on the reservation for any reason, or modify the date range, or cancel after 24 hours, the resort charges a $99 modification fee.

Guest access
We want you to enjoy your stay here, so we offer a plethora of amenities: 
Activities Center
Barbecue Area
Basketball
Business Center
Children's Playground
Children's Pool (Outdoor/Seasonal)
Computer With Internet (Shared)
Concierge Services
Conference Room
Fitness Center
Horseshoes
Hot Tub (Outdoor)
Movie Rentals
Picnic Area
Shuttle Services (Limited Area Attractions)
Swimming Pool (Heated/Outdoor)
Swimming Pool (Indoor)
Swimming Pool (Indoor/Outdoor)
Swimming Pool (Outdoor)
Some may incur a fee 

Buildings 10 and 11 do not have elevators.

You expressly understand and agree that the resort may charge your credit card for any violation of the resort’s Rules and Regulations, including but not limited to violations of the smoking and pet policies and any damages to your room or the resort caused by you or your guests. Any violation of the resort’s Rules and Regulations may result in additional fines and penalties, including but not limited to the right to remove you and your guests from the resort premises without a refund.

Pets are not permitted.

Daily housekeeping is available at an additional charges.

No shows and early departures will not receive a refund. The entire balance (100%) will be forfeited.

Inquire with resort regarding smoking regulations

Other things to note
Included services

- Swimming pool

- Final Cleaning

- Parking

- Cot/Crib

- Internet Access

- Air conditioning

- Heated Pool

- Heating

- Bed linen

- Towels

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andrew
Host User ID: 564117068
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/564117068
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm Andrew, kind of a homebody, but thats because I love being home with my family.  Life is good.
My work: Business Owner
Most useless skill: Putting in PGA2k
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
714 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting