URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1638599226373689153
Latitude: 36.216598160304684
Longitude: -86.70440040117781
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Please Do Not Forget to Check for important information about
   Additional Fees that may be collected at the Resort. This is usually
   listed in this Description and in the House Rules and/or Important
   Information Sections below.

The space
At Club Wyndham Nashville, enjoy convenient facilities and services.
   Each Sunday, we have a Welcome Party for guests, and families to
   experience extra activities that are not offered at traditional hotels.
   Guests will enjoy table tennis and basketball. We offer indoor and
   outdoor pools, hot tubs, and a fully equipped fitness center. When it’s
   time to relax, guests can rent a DVD from the resort library to watch
   in their condo suite. All this and more are part of the philosophy of
   southern hospitality at Club Wyndham Nashville.

   Nashville is perfect for lovers of music, history, and more. Explore
   the heart of Music City, U.S.A. including the Grand Ole Opry, Country
   Music Hall of Fame, and Jackson Showboat. History buffs will enjoy a
   tour of Hermitage, the estate of President Andrew Jackson, as well as
   Civil War battlefields. Cultural arts, an outstanding zoo, and more
   make it an exceptional all-around destination.

   The Wyndham Nashville has beautifully furnished one and two-bedroom
   condo suites, furnished in a lovely country décor with amenities like
   cable TV, DVD players, complimentary Wi-Fi, in-unit washers and dryers,
   and a full or mini kitchen. Solo travelers, couples, groups, and
   families can make themselves right at home in these accommodations.
   One-bedroom units sleep 4 and two-bedroom units sleep 8. Units are
   air-conditioned and have a washer and dryer, telephones, and the
   kitchens include a microwave oven, dishwasher, and more. Pets are not
   allowed, and units are non-smoking.

   Important Information

   Construction Details
   Ongoing WiFi infrastructure project. Guests may experience noise, dust,
   odors, and work crews.

   Resort Fee
   Mandatory security deposit fee is 250.00 USD for all units, per stay.
   Only Credit Cards accepted.
   A security deposit is required at check-in.

   Age Restrictions
   Minimum age check-in is 21.

   Multi Floor With No Elevator Access
   No

   Pets Policy
   No Pets. Please contact the resort directly regarding its ADA/general
   service animal policy.

   Smoking Restrictions
   No smoking in units: could result in forfeiture of the unit and/or
   other penalties.

   Checkin Capabilities
   Daily

   Mininum Nights
   3

   Country of Residence
   ALL

   General Urgent Info
   The earliest you should contact the resort is 2 weeks prior to your
   check-in date.
   Smoking is not allowed in units.
   Fees or deposits are charged for some amenities.
   Occupancy limits are strictly enforced: Violations could result in
   forfeiture of the unit and/or other penalties.
   Resort cannot honor unit upgrades or moves.
   Confirmation paperwork is required upon check-in at the resort.
   Security deposit required upon check-in at the resort.
   Credit card imprint required upon check-in at the resort.
   Handicap units are generally not available. Do not call the resort in
   advance to request one.
   If applicable, additional fees for some utilities, including gas and
   electricity may be charged by the resort and varies based on stay
   duration, season, room size and actual usage, and is payable directly
   to the resort by you. These fees are not included in the total booking
   price.
   This resort pledges to comply with ‘Timeshare Safe Welcome’, ARDA’s
   recommended Industry Guidance to promote health and safety in the
   Timeshare Industry.
   Prior to travel, RCI recommends contacting your host resort as well as
   local, state and federal websites for advisories that may impact your
   travel or vacation experience.
   Guest certificate required for multiple reservations.
   Daily and/or midweek housekeeping services may be available for a fee.
   Resort is not suitable for handicapped people, or people with walking
   difficulties.
   The guest reserving this reservation must be the one checking in and
   provide a valid ID and credit card at the time of check-in.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ResortCloud
Host User ID: 745247413
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/745247413
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English
Lives in Orlando, Florida
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 months hosting
10 reviews
4.4 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting