URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1552453682641367741
Latitude: 36.1262
Longitude: -86.7256
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into The Martini Bar Speakeasy! A bold, moody studio with retro charm and modern luxury. Sleeps 4 with a queen bed and pullout sofa. Enjoy a full kitchen, in unit washer/dryer, smart TVs, and a curated martini bar theme. Just 10 minutes from Broadway and 8 minutes from BNA Airport, this chic hideaway is the perfect Nashville escape for couples, friends, or business travelers.

Welcome to Nashville!

The space
💼 Managed by Chady Property Management

This home is professionally managed by Chady Property Management for a seamless guest experience.
Our local Nashville team is available 7 days a week to ensure your stay is comfortable and stress-free. 
Unfortunately, we do not host locals. Any local that books this property without contacting management first for approval will have the reservation canceled without refund.

🏡 The Space

This stylishly designed studio comfortably sleeps 4 guests and includes:
	•	🛏 Queen Bed with plush bedding and luxe linens
	•	🛋 Pullout Sofa Bed (sleeps 2 additional guests)
	•	🍸 Martini Bar Setup with shaker, glasses, and cocktail recipe cards
	•	🍽 Full Kitchen with stainless steel appliances, granite countertops, Keurig coffee maker, and bar seating
	•	💻 Dedicated Workspace with ergonomic chair and high-speed Wi-Fi
	•	📺 Smart TVs in both living and sleeping areas
	•	🚿 Modern Bathroom with walk-in shower and designer finishes
	•	🧺 In-Unit Washer & Dryer for your convenience
	•	🧥 Spacious Walk-In Closet with hangers, iron, and ironing board

Industrial ceilings, polished concrete floors, and chic gold accents set the tone for a luxurious, speakeasy-inspired stay.

📍 Location Highlights

Centrally located for easy access to Nashville’s best attractions:
	•	Broadway & Honky Tonks – 10 min (4.5 miles)
	•	BNA Airport – 8 min (4.3 miles)
	•	Geodis Park (Soccer Stadium) – 8 min (3.8 miles)
	•	The Gulch – 10 min
	•	12 South – 10 min
	•	Bridgestone Arena / Nissan Stadium – 10 min
	•	Grand Ole Opry / Opry Mills Mall – 15 min

Whether you’re exploring Nashville’s nightlife, catching a show, or just relaxing with a martini, this spot puts you close to everything.

💤 Sleeping Arrangements
	•	Bedroom: 1 Queen Bed (sleeps 2)
	•	Living Room: 1 Pullout Sofa Bed (sleeps 2)

🧺 Amenities

✔ Fully stocked kitchen with cookware, knives, and dishware
✔ Martini bar kit + cocktail glassware
✔ Smart TVs with streaming apps
✔ High-speed Wi-Fi
✔ In-unit washer & dryer
✔ Free parking on-site
✔ Self check-in with smart lock
✔ Professionally cleaned between stays

🧃 Starter Pack

Every stay includes a complimentary starter supply of:
☕ Coffee, creamer, and sugar
🧻 Paper towels and toilet paper
🧴 Shampoo, conditioner, and body wash
🧽 Dish soap and laundry detergent pods

⚡ House Rules
	•	No parties, events, or unregistered guests
	•	No smoking or vaping indoors
	•	Quiet hours: 10PM–8AM
	•	Must be 21+ to book
	•	PETS: Dogs are allowed on a case-by-case basis (maximum of 2 dogs) and must be approved by the host prior to booking. A pet fee of $75 per pet applies, and breed restrictions may apply. Cats are not permitted. Pets are not allowed on furniture, and we ask that all pets be kenneled when left unattended in the unit. Please clean up after your pets. An extra cleaning fee will be charged if pet hair is found on beds, linens, or furniture.

💬 Other Things to Note

•You may be asked to complete documentation such as a rental agreement or provide other information for Chady Property Management after booking reservation.
•Guests will receive a starter pack of essentials upon arrival. Additional supplies can be purchased nearby if needed.
•Early check-in and late check-out may be available upon request, subject to availability and cleaning schedules.
•Please do not re-stage or move any furniture during your stay to prevent damage and maintain the property’s condition.

🕓 Check-in after 4PM
🕙 Check-out by 10AM

If you need anything during your stay, message our team — we’re always happy to help make your visit to Nashville unforgettable.

Other things to note
-You may be asked to complete documentation such as a rental agreement or provide other information for Chady Property Management after booking reservation.
-Please do not re-stage or move any furniture during your stay to prevent damage and maintain the property’s condition.

To help us maintain a clean, safe, and enjoyable home for all guests, we ask that you follow our house rules. The fees below cover the additional costs of rule violations, extra cleaning, or damages needed to restore the property to its original condition.

$500 - Smoking inside the property 
$500 - Unregistered guest(s)         
$500 - Unregistered pet(s)         
Minimum $150 - Excessive trash requiring additional cleanup or removal 
Actual cost incurred - Excessive cleaning beyond normal turnover 
Actual repair or replacement cost - Damages to the property, furnishings, or amenities 
Replacement cost - Missing or stolen items

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chady Property Management LLC
Host User ID: 407199764
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/407199764
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
4198 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting