Skip to content
Homes
Homes
Experiences
Experiences
Services
Services
Start your search
Location
Anywhere
Check in / Check out
Anytime
Guests
Add guests
Become a host
Sleeps 24!; Hot tub!; Side By Side Units!
Share
Save
Show all photos
Photos
Amenities
Reviews
Location
Entire home in Nashville, Tennessee, United States
16+ guests · 8 bedrooms · 24 beds · 4 baths
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars.
5.0
·
3 reviews
Hosted by Che
12 years hosting
Listing highlights
In the Gulch, near downtown Nashville
Owen Bradley Park is about a 5-min walk away, with the Gulch dining and bars within easy reach
Hot tub and multiple decks
A hot tub, three decks, and outdoor seating across a sprawling double-unit home
Walkability guests keep praising
Guests highlight the location and how easy it is to walk to restaurants and nightlife
Get ready for an awesome trip to Music City in this side by side double listing MEGA HOUSE! REACH OUT TO OWNER! Homes are tucked in the BEST location in Nashville - Downtown Gulch! 3 gorgeous decks with stunning views of Nashville Skyline, 2 kitchens, 6 bedrooms (at a minimum), and 20+ beds, plus bonus. Place has everything you need for the perfect large group trip! 5 minute walk to the Heart of the Gulch, 5 minute walk to midtown and a 8 minute WALK TO DOWNTOWN. These homes offer it all!

The space
Brand new homes in the heart of Nashville and in the center of the Music. Reach out to the Owner and message if interested!!!!!!! You may not/likely do not need two homes and there is enough room likely in one because the homes are so big!!!! You'll only know if you ask and you can SAVE MONEY!! Sits right off of Music Row in between Midtown, Gulch, and Downtown. Enjoy these modernized home(s) next to other amazing homes. The best thing about the area is that it's close enough that you have access to everything, but it's a fantastic neighborhood where young professionals and fun people live. The house comes fully equipped with alarm systems and security cameras on the street! They aren't necessary but never hurt to have. There is nothing but fun on the interior.

Guest access
Seven+ sleeping rooms, multiple full bathrooms and multiple downtown patios. Reach out to the Owner!!! Lyft, Uber and Taxis are never more than a 5 minute wait because the house is so close to DOWNTOWN. This house is in the Downtown Gulch, literally 2 blocks from Broadway and allows for accommodations for very large groups. Please inquire for details and don't turn away just because you think the house might be too small or you don't think you need two houses!!!

Other things to note
GUEST WHO BOOK FOR FOUR NIGHTS INCLUDING FRIDAY GET A $400 DISCOUNT ON THE FOURTH NIGHT or the possibility of early check-in and/or late check out. Check in is 4 p.m. and check out is 10 a.m. Late check out is subject to availability upon request, and may be subject to a fee. 

Weekdays: Three night stay or longer during the week and we waive the mandatory management fee. 

The home(s) are equipped to host your large group and we know you will simply love the finishes, the location, the newness of the home(s) and the proximity you have to everything!! Don't hesitate to ask any questions about the place. The multiple beds make sure that any large group is very comfortable and also makes sure that you do not necessarily have to share beds unless you want to. Reach out to the Owner! We really look forward to hosting you and/or your large group!! Please reach out directly to the Owner if you have any questions.
Show more
What this place offers
City skyline view
Courtyard view
Kitchen
Wifi
Dedicated workspace
Free parking on premises
Hot tub
TV with standard cable
Washer
Unavailable: Carbon monoxide alarm
Carbon monoxide alarm
Show all 41 amenities
Select check-in date
Add your travel dates for exact pricing
Clear dates
Add dates for prices
Add dates for prices
CHECK-IN
Add date
CHECKOUT
Add date
GUESTS
1 guest
Check availability
Report this listing
5.0 out of 5 stars from 3 reviews
5.0 · 3 reviews
How reviews work
How reviews work
Overall rating
5 stars, 100% of reviews
5
4 stars, 0% of reviews
4
3 stars, 0% of reviews
3
2 stars, 0% of reviews
2
1 stars, 0% of reviews
1
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for cleanliness
Cleanliness
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for accuracy
Accuracy
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for check-in
Check-in
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for communication
Communication
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for location
Location
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for value
Value
5.0
Guest reviews mention
Walkability
2
Getting around
2
Hospitality
3
Indoor spaces
2
Location
2
Zachary
New York, New York
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
May 2025
,
·
Group trip
Great location in the Heart of Nashville!
My group had an amazing time staying at Che’s Airbnb near The Gulch! The location was perfect — just a short walk to all the best restaurants and nightlife in one of Nashville’s trendiest neighborhoods. The home was as advertised and ideal for a group of our size. The host was very communicative and made check-in a breeze. It was the perfect home base for exploring The Music City, and would absolutely stay here again.
Show more
Rebecca
Boston, Massachusetts
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
November 2024
,
·
Group trip
This was an unofficial reunion for me and five friends from college. We wanted a clean, well located place to stay, with plenty of room -- indoors and out -- for relaxing and socializing. Che's place had it all! The communications were easy and clear before we arrived, and any needs and questions we had were quickly answered. We moved easily around Nashville with a combo of walking and rideshares. The checkout process was simple and straightforward. I'd definitely recommend these properties!
Show more
Adam
Nashville, Tennessee
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
July 2024
,
·
Group trip
Super nice units. Bedrooms are large enough where sharing doesn’t feel crammed. Close to everything we needed or a $5 Uber to get to everything else. Host is responsive to say the least. I would recommend!
Show more
Where you’ll be
Music Row, Nashville
Recording studios and songwriting spaces fill tree-lined streets, giving this compact Nashville neighborhood a creative workday rhythm.
Exact location will be provided after booking.
From the host
This neighborhood has exploded in popularity the past 6 years. CONTACT Owner for details and determining what best suites your large group. You got this far, you may not even need two homes b/c the houses are massive! Everything around is new and trendy. It's young and professional and people are courteous and friendly. Even with living so close to everything, it's tucked away just far enough so it's never loud. You have tons of food selections within a one mile radius, a liquor store, Whole Foods, Publix, Turnip Truck, Virgin Hotel, W Hotel and all the offerings of the Gulch. There is a park across the street between the house and Demonbreun Street and Broadway. So, you can take a stroll in the park or walk to Tin Roof and all the great bars on Demonbreun street or go another block to Broadway and head downtown, go another block and hit midtown or go the other block and be in the Gulch. You will not find a better locations and it's great never needing a car.
Show more
Meet your host
Host
583 reviews
583
Reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
4.89
Rating
12 years of hosting
12
Years hosting
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Pets: None
Live by the motto, treat people the way you want to be treated. So far, so good. Reach out to me and you'll find out why I'm a Superhost!
Host details
Response rate: 89%
Responds within a day
Message host
To help protect your payment, always use Airbnb to send money and communicate with hosts.
Things to know
Cancellation policy
Add your trip dates to get the cancellation details for this stay.
Add dates
House rules
Check-in after 4:00 PM
Checkout before 10:00 AM
No pets
Learn more
Safety & property
No carbon monoxide alarm
Smoke alarm
Must climb stairs
Learn more
Airbnb
United States
Tennessee
Davidson County
Nashville
Explore other options in and around Nashville
Atlanta 
Vacation rentals
Sevierville 
Vacation rentals
Gatlinburg 
Vacation rentals
Pigeon Forge 
Vacation rentals
Indianapolis 
Vacation rentals
Asheville 
Vacation rentals
St. Louis 
Vacation rentals
Louisville 
Vacation rentals
Cincinnati 
Vacation rentals
Other types of stays on Airbnb
Nashville vacation rentals
Nashville monthly stays
Family-friendly vacation rentals in Nashville
Mansion vacation rentals in Nashville
House vacation rentals in Nashville
House vacation rentals in Davidson County
Family-friendly vacation rentals in Davidson County
Mansion vacation rentals in Tennessee
Family-friendly vacation rentals in Tennessee
Site Footer
Support
Help Center
Get help with a safety issue
AirCover
Travel insurance
Anti-discrimination
Disability support
Cancellation options
Report neighborhood concern
Hosting
Airbnb your home
Airbnb your experience
Airbnb your service
AirCover for Hosts
Earnings Protection
Hosting resources
Community forum
Hosting responsibly
Airbnb-friendly apartments
Join a free hosting class
Find a co‑host
Refer a host
Airbnb
2026 Summer Release
Newsroom
Careers
Investors
Gift cards
Airbnb.org emergency stays
Footer section
© 2026 Airbnb, Inc.·Privacy·Terms·Your Privacy Choices
English (US)
$
USD