URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1324947519212067996
Latitude: 36.1948
Longitude: -86.7771
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Howdy Nashville! Our newest luxury property located just minutes from all the action. Perfect for your large group to get ready for a night out on the town or hang out in the hot tub and enjoy the city skyline views!

The space
Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway! This spacious and stylish home boasts 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, and 11 comfortable beds, making it ideal for large groups or families. Every inch of this property is designed with your comfort in mind, offering both luxury and convenience.

Key Features:
	•	4 Bedrooms & 4 Bathrooms: With ample space for everyone, each bedroom is thoughtfully furnished, ensuring a restful night’s sleep. The bathrooms are modern and fully equipped with all the essentials.

	•	11 Beds: Plenty of room for everyone to stretch out, including multiple king and queen beds, along with additional sleeping options to accommodate large groups.

	•	Private Rooftop Deck: Enjoy stunning views of Nashville’s skyline from your own rooftop oasis. The deck is perfect for morning coffee, sunset cocktails, or just relaxing with friends and family.

	•	Hot Tub: After a day of exploring Nashville, unwind in the luxurious hot tub located just steps from your rooftop deck. It’s the perfect spot for relaxation and rejuvenation.

	•	Spacious Living Areas: The open-concept living room and dining areas provide a cozy yet spacious environment for gathering. Enjoy a movie night, dine together, or just relax in the comfortable setting.

	•	Fully Equipped Kitchen: Whether you’re cooking a homemade meal or preparing snacks for a night in, the modern kitchen has everything you need, including high-end appliances, ample counter space, and all the necessary cookware.

	•	Prime Location: Located just minutes from Nashville’s vibrant downtown, you’ll have easy access to world-class restaurants, bars, live music venues, and iconic attractions like Broadway and the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Whether you’re in town for a special celebration, a weekend of sightseeing, or just a relaxing retreat, this home provides the perfect balance of comfort, style, and convenience. Book your stay today and experience the best of Nashville in this stunning, spacious property!

 This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Hope you enjoy your stay in Nashville! 

Short Term Rental Permit#2024105227

Guest access
Guests enjoy exclusive access to the entire home, including:
- Rooftop deck and hot tub
- Game room and entertainment spaces
- Private parking garage
- Smart lock self‑check‑in for seamless arrival

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting