URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1603883868879597312
Latitude: 36.1461
Longitude: -86.7856
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 11
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★Welcome to Legendary Encore★
A bold and stylish 4 bedroom, where modern design meets the spirit of Nashville’s most iconic music legends. Spanning three levels, the home is designed for groups who value both style and privacy. Each bedroom includes its own en suite bathroom, making it ideal for friends, families, or celebratory stays.

The space
This thoughtfully curated space features a sleek, contemporary edge infused with subtle nods to greats like Willie Nelson and Johnny Cash, blending Music City soul with elevated, modern comfort. The main living area showcases rich wood floors, statement lighting, textured accent walls, and music-inspired artwork that pays homage to Nashville’s legendary sound—without sacrificing a clean, modern aesthetic. It’s the perfect setting to gather before a night out or unwind after exploring the city.

★Highlights★
- Easy access to bars, restaurants, retail, and downtown
- Custom murals, lighting, and flooring by local artisans
- High-speed Wi-Fi
- Fully stocked kitchen
- Washer & dryer
- Central heat and air
- Garage for parking
- Drip Coffee Maker
- Keypad entry

★Perfect For★
- Friend groups
- Bachelorette trips
- Birthday weekends
- Families
- Long weekends and extended stays

★Layout★
Bedroom One - king bed with en suite bathroom. En suite bathroom has a dual vanity w/ walk in shower.
Bedroom Two - king bed with en suite bathroom.  En suite bathroom has a single vanity with a shower/tub combo.
Bedroom Three - queen bed and twin-over-twin bunk bed with an en suite bathroom. En suite has a single vanity with a walk-in shower.
Bedroom Four  - king bed with en suite bathroom. A rollaway cot is also available. En suite has single vanity with shower/tub combo.
Half Bathroom - single vanity.

Kitchen & Living Area - The living area has plush seating, a smart TV, and a nearby dining area. The beautiful modern kitchen is fully equipped with a large island and bar seating, ideal for cooking, gathering, or hosting your group before a night out.

★Parking★
Parking is available in the garage or additional street parking is available.

★The Neighborhood★
Edgehill, is a quaint neighborhood but bursting with modern personality and historic charm. Just a few blocks from Music Row, this area offers up walkability and accessibility to great local restaurants, shops, bars, and other neighborhoods. While your there, check out near by Barcelona Wine Bar for wine and tapas, and Old Glory for a night cap while you're there. 

★House Rules★
During your stay, we ask that you remember to be respectful of your neighbors. Quiet hours are from 10pm- 7am. For real, take the party to the Honky Tonks on Broadway. Additionally, thank you for respecting our 'no smoking' and 'no pets' policy so that we can keep our properties in the best condition possible. Pets include but are not limited to cats, zebras, livestock, and/or spouses. There are also no firearms permitted within the home or on the surrounding property. Should you choose to ignore this, there will be a $300 fine assessed for breaking either of these rules. We thank you for refraining and being respectful of our homes - please don't make us hunt you down for fines as it cuts into our nap time.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property.

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home. Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home. We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay. In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee. Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver. It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay. The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior. Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!). Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage. The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines.

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
Born in the 80s
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23133 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting