URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1720457165504115652
Latitude: 36.137523213909304
Longitude: -86.80152201380285
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Belcourt by AvantStay! Tucked into leafy Hillsboro Village, this bright studio lands you in one of Nashville's most walkable, character-rich pockets — coffee shops, indie boutiques, and neighborhood institutions all just outside the door.

🎬 Steps from the historic Belcourt Theatre, Pancake Pantry & Biscuit Love
☕ Private balcony + shared outdoor terrace for slow mornings
🎸 Walk to Vanderbilt & Music Row; ~10 min to Broadway

The space
Hillsboro Village has a way of making you feel like a local within a day, and this studio at Belcourt sits right at the center of it. This is one of Nashville's most walkable and character-rich pockets — a leafy grid of independent boutiques, coffee shops, and neighborhood institutions where the city's creative energy hums without the crush of downtown.

Mornings start a short walk from your door. Line up with the regulars at Pancake Pantry, a Nashville breakfast institution, or grab a biscuit and coffee at Biscuit Love just around the corner. From there you can drift between the shops and cafés along 21st Avenue, catch an independent film or a repertory classic at the historic Belcourt Theatre that gives the building its name, or take the short stroll over to Belmont Mansion for a look at one of the South's grandest antebellum homes. Music Row, Vanderbilt, and Belmont University are all close enough to reach on foot, and when you're ready for honky-tonks and live music, Broadway and downtown are about a ten-minute drive away.

Inside, the studio is bright and easy to settle into. Warm wood accents, curated art, and a handful of thoughtful details give the open layout a polished, lived-in feel rather than anything sterile. The fully equipped kitchen has what you need to throw together a quick breakfast or a late dinner after a night out, and the living space is made for slow mornings, a streamed movie, or simply catching your breath between adventures.

The private balcony is the quiet bonus — a spot to take your coffee in the morning or wind down in the evening with the neighborhood buzzing gently below. In-unit laundry, heating and air conditioning, and elevator access keep longer stays comfortable and low-effort, and you'll also have use of the building's shared outdoor terrace, an easy place to relax or swap tips with fellow travelers.

In town for a show, a campus visit, or a long weekend of eating and wandering, you'll find Hillsboro Village is a hard neighborhood to leave — and this studio puts its best corners right outside the door.

While all units provide the same great amenities and overall experience, each space has its own unique layout and décor. Some units include balconies while others do not, and the exact unit you receive may vary slightly from the photos.

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- This unit has a balcony overlooking the common rooftop area.

Parking Details:

• Parking is available for a flat $14/day with in/out privileges when you register your vehicle on your check-in day before arriving at the garage.
• Park only in the gated section of the garage. Enter via the ramp on Belcourt Avenue directly across from the Belcourt Theatre at 2111 Belcourt Ave, between Blo and Anzie Blue. Do not enter or park in the garage section accessed from the back alley. Your parking registration is not valid there, and you may receive a ticket.

Registration Details
2020016013

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting