URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/715100589167853519
Latitude: 36.1359
Longitude: -86.7864
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to ★The Maddox on Wedgewood★, a stylish 4BR/3.5BA three‑level home in central Nashville that sleeps up to 12 guests. Bright, beach‑inspired interiors, light hardwoods, and curated modern details set the tone for a relaxed yet polished stay. Spread out across multiple floors, gather in the open main level, then head up to the private rooftop deck for sunset hangs, games, and city vibes between Music City adventures.

The space
What we Love about ★The Maddox on Wedgewood★...
- Rooftop retreat w/ pergola, lounge seating & cornhole that turns golden‑hour hangs into the highlight of your stay.
- Light, beach‑inspired design—neutral palette, light hardwoods & statement lighting keep every level feeling bright and breezy.
- Three‑level layout that separates chill zones and sleep spaces, so night owls and early birds can happily coexist.
- Flexible sleep setup w/ 2 king bedrooms, a full‑over‑full bunk room, 2 queens, rollaways & a sleeper sofa so everyone finds their perfect spot.
- Central Wedgewood location that makes it easy to head out for the day, then come back to a calm, modern home base.

Step inside ★The Maddox on Wedgewood★, a three-level urban retreat that blends modern design with relaxed, beachy vibes. Light hardwood floors, layered textures, and curated artwork create a calm, welcoming backdrop as soon as you arrive. 

On the first level, you’ll find a private king bedroom with its own ensuite bathroom—perfect for guests who prefer a quiet retreat at the end of the day. A twin rollaway bed adds extra flexibility for larger groups or families.

Head up to the second level, the main gathering floor, where an open-concept layout keeps everyone together. The modern kitchen features sleek cabinetry, plenty of counter space, and all the essentials for cooking at home, whether you’re whipping up brunch before exploring or sharing takeout from your favorite local spot. The adjacent dining area offers room for the group to sit down and connect over meals and game nights, while the comfortable living area invites you to relax and unwind between outings. A convenient half bathroom serves this level, and a cozy bedroom with a full-over-full bunk bed makes a fun hangout for kids, cousins, or friends traveling together.

On the third level, the sleeping options really open up. One bedroom includes two queen beds plus two twin rollaway beds, giving you lots of options for different group configurations. Another bedroom offers a king bed for guests who prefer more privacy and space. This level also features two full bathrooms, a laundry area to keep everyone fresh during longer stays, and a queen-sized sleeper sofa in the common area—ideal for movie nights or extra sleeping space when needed. 

From the third floor, step out onto the showstopper: an expansive rooftop deck. With a pergola providing shade, ample seating for lounging or chatting under the string lights, and cornhole for a friendly game, this outdoor space is made for golden-hour cocktails, morning coffee, and late-night hangs. The central location means you’re well-positioned to enjoy Nashville’s favorite neighborhoods, dining, and music venues, then retreat back to your own stylish rooftop oasis.

From bright interiors to the rooftop deck, this home is built for good times and great company. Reserve The Maddox on Wedgewood and start planning your Nashville stay.

★Parking★
Parking is available in the two-car garage and there is also one space available behind the garage.

★Neighborhood★
A walkable, dreamy location, you'll find yourself central to several of Nashville's best neighborhoods! Walkable to 12 South, Hillsboro Village, Belmont Boulevard, and Music Row areas, you'll have food, drinks, and shopping right at your fingertips! And when it's time to jump in the car/Uber to head downtown, you'll be just 10 minutes or less from all of the action! 

★House Rules★
During your stay, we ask that you remember to be respectful of your neighbors. Quiet hours are from 10pm- 7am. For real, take the party to the Honky Tonks on Broadway. Additionally, thank you for respecting our 'no smoking' and 'no pets' policy so that we can keep our properties in the best condition possible. Pets include but are not limited to cats, zebras, livestock, and/or spouses. There are also no firearms permitted within the home or on the surrounding property. Should you choose to ignore this, there will be a $300 fine assessed for breaking either of these rules. We thank you for refraining and being respectful of our homes - please don't make us hunt you down for fines as it cuts into our nap time.

Guest access
Guests will have 100% access to this home!

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Security Disclaimer★
For your safety and the security of our properties, most of our rentals have a ring doorbell camera or an external camera located on the exterior of the home. No indoor cameras are present - your privacy is fully respected.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home.  Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home.  We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay.  In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee.  Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver.  It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay.  The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior.  Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!).  Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage.  The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines. 

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Fun fact: Been in multiple earthquakes together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23140 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting