URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1497807748609682353
Latitude: 36.1925
Longitude: -86.8317
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 5
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Bronco! This country-chic retreat features 5 bedrooms and 5 baths (6 Queens, 1 King) and two stylish living areas—including one with a custom western mural. Unwind on the private rooftop deck complete with a hot tub, fire pit, and comfortable outdoor seating. Perfectly located just minutes from Broadway, Germantown, Fat Bottom Brewing, and Centennial Park. Ideal for large groups, family getaways, or dynamic Nashville celebrations!

The space
Welcome to Bronco – Your Ultimate Nashville Retreat!

Bronco is a country-chic, 4-story Nashville sanctuary combining modern luxury with playful western charm. Sprawling across 5 dedicated bedrooms and 5 full bathrooms ( featuring 7 total beds: 1 King, 6 Queens), this spacious home comfortably accommodates large groups, family reunions, bachelorette/bachelor getaways, and corporate stays.

From the custom western mural in the theme room to the private rooftop oasis, Bronco is designed from the ground up for seamless entertaining, relaxation, and memory-making.

The Space & Floor Plan Breakdown
1st Floor:

Bedroom 1: 1 Queen Bed with private ensuite full bathroom—ideal for guests who prefer avoiding stairs.

2nd Floor (Main Gathering Hub):

Gourmet Kitchen: Fully equipped with stainless steel appliances, modern fixtures, cookware, and cozy dining space.

Main Living Room: Open-concept layout with comfortable seating and streaming-ready smart TV.

Bedroom 2: 1 King Bed with a Jack-and-Jill style full bathroom accessible from both the bedroom and living area.

3rd Floor:

Bedroom 3: 2 Queen Beds with private ensuite full bathroom.

Bedroom 4: 1 Queen Bed with private ensuite full bathroom.

4th Floor (Theme Room & Rooftop Access):

Bedroom 5 / Theme Room: 2 Queen Beds with custom western mural décor and direct access to a Jack-and-Jill style full bathroom.

Private Covered Rooftop Deck: Your personal outdoor oasis featuring a private hot tub, fire pit, and comfortable outdoor lounge seating with views toward the Nashville skyline.

Key Highlights & Amenities
7 Real Beds (1 King, 6 Queens): No pull-out sofas or air mattresses required—everyone gets a real bed!

Private Rooftop Oasis: Relax after a night on Broadway in your private hot tub or gather around the fire pit under the stars.

Two Living Areas: Plenty of space for the group to spread out, play games, or relax.

Keyless Self Check-In: Yale smart lock integration provides seamless 24/7 self check-in starting at 4 PM.

Location: Tucked away in a charming residential pocket just minutes from Downtown, Broadway honky-tonks, Germantown dining, Centennial Park, and local breweries.

The BetterBNB VIP Guest Experience
As our guest at Bronco, you receive exclusive priority access and guest discounts through our local Nashville luxury partner network:

Luxury Transportation: White-glove chauffeur services ranging from Executive Mercedes Sedans and Cadillac Escalades to Mercedes Sprinter Vans and Corporate Charter Buses (requires booking at least 2 weeks prior to check-in for airport pickups).

The Southern Marinas Collection: Exclusive guest discounts on premium boat rentals (wakeboarding boats, tritoons, and luxury pontoons) at Four Corners Resort & Marina (Percy Priest Lake) and Cedar Creek Marina (Old Hickory Lake).

Guest access
Each property is equipped with a Yale smart lock—you’ll receive a personalized entry code in your check-in instructions prior to arrival. No keys to keep track of, and easy self check-in any time after 4 PM.

Other things to note
Age & Identification Requirement: The primary renter must be at least 21 years old and present during the stay. Government-issued photo ID and agreement to house rules are required prior to check-in.

Quiet Hours & Community Guidelines: Bronco is located in a residential neighborhood. Quiet hours are strictly enforced between 10:00 PM and 8:00 AM out of respect for our neighbors. Outdoor sound monitors are active on the property to measure noise levels (decibels only; no conversation is recorded).

Rooftop & Hot Tub Safety: Use of the hot tub and rooftop deck is at your own risk. Glass containers are strictly prohibited on the rooftop area—please use plastic or non-breakable drinkware.

Strict No Smoking / No Parties Policy: Smoking, vaping, or burning candles of any kind inside the home or on the balcony is strictly prohibited. Unapproved parties or events will result in immediate termination of the reservation without refund.

Pet Policy: Please check with us prior to booking regarding our current pet policy, fees, and approval requirements.

VIP Experience & Chauffeur Services: To take advantage of our partner network luxury airport transportation (Mercedes Sprinters, Escalades, etc.), requests must be coordinated with us at least 2 weeks prior to check-in.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harmony Heights
Host User ID: 714985714
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/714985714
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
1 year hosting
230 reviews
4.66 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting