URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1491960967012582696
Latitude: 36.09625
Longitude: -86.5117
rental_type: Entire cabin
property_type: CABIN
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 6
occupancy: 9
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Lower Cabin is a ADA accessible cabin with fantastic views! parking right outside the cabin and a ramp entrance. The cabin has two private bedrooms. The first bedroom features a bunk bed with a queen bed on the bottom and a twin XL on the top. The second bedroom has two bunks with queen beds on the bottom and twin XL beds on the top. A full kitchen, spacious bathroom with roll in shower and a deck on the back overlooking the lake. Bed linens and towels included. Wi-Fi & smart TV!

The space
All lodging is equipped with many amenities and can sleep up to 37: Smart TV's, Wi-Fi, refrigerator, microwave, two burner hot plate, toaster oven, coffee pot, iron/board, hairdryer, linens, towels, dishes, pots and pans. Each unit has a deck with patio set overlooking the pond area, perfect for relaxing and nature watching.  

Our Farm cabins (3) have queen murphy beds on the main level and twin beds with twin trundles in the lofts (accessible by ladder stairs). Full bathrooms with tub/shower combo stocked with linens. Kitchenettes with small appliances and dishes. Small decks on the back with patio bistro sets overlooking the pond and beautiful landscape.

The Chalet is a lovely redwood a-frame cabin that sleeps 4. It has a Queen Murphy Bed on the main level and a queen bed in the loft area, accessed by spiral staircase. One full bathroom with stall shower and stocked with linens. Kitchenette with small appliances and dishes. Large deck on the back with a patio table set overlooking the pond and beautiful landscape.

The Great Cabin is a large, spacious cabin that sleeps 8-12 with 3 private bedrooms, plus other sleeping areas, full size eat-in kitchen, granite counter tops, stainless appliances, electric fireplace in the living room, high ceilings, picture windows and sliding glass doors leading to large wrap around deck. The main level has one full bathroom, one private bedroom that features a full bed and an additional sleeping area in the large living room. The living room features a queen murphy bed and space for two queen air mattresses (provided). The second level features one full bathroom and two private bedrooms. The first bedroom features a full bed and the second features a king bed and a twin bed. The second bedroom features an in suite bathroom with glassed in shower and clawfoot tub.  

The Lower Cabin is a brand new (November '23) ADA accessible cabin with fantastic views! It features parking right outside the cabin and a ramp entrance. The cabin has two private, plush bedrooms. The first bedroom features a bunk bed with a queen bed on the bottom and a twin XL on the top, top bunk is accessed by stairs. The second bedroom features two bunks with queen beds on the bottom and twin XL beds on the top. The Lower Cabin has a full kitchen, spacious bathroom with roll in shower and a deck on the back overlooking the pond and surrounding property. Bed linens and towels included. Many modern amenities including Wi-Fi & smart TV!
Rent one or all of our properties. Message us for availability!
The Great Cabin - 
Farm Cabin 1 - ABNB 35147819
Farm Cabin 2 - ABNB 35147906
Farm Cabin 3 - ABNB 35151186
A-Frame Chalet - ABNB 35149404
Lower Cabin -
All 6 Cabins- ABNB 28311607

Other things to note
Event Disclaimer: We welcome weddings/events here at Rural Hill Farm (event pavilions are rented separately from the cabins - inquire within about hosting an event during your stay)! Please be advised that the cabins are located about 150 yards from our Event Center. All music/noise must be turned down by 10 PM according to a county noise ordinance and all events must end by 11 PM. We notify both cabin guests and event guests if there is an overlap during the stay dates.

We proudly support members of our armed forces and are happy to provide a military discount!

- Events allowed under our event pavilions only. There is an additional charge for hosting events, inquire within.
- Smoking allowed outside only and butts must be discarded in provided receptacles. 
-No shooting firearms or fireworks.
-No unattended Fires.
-Fishing is catch and release.
-No unattended children.
-No pets off leashes.
-Clean up dog feces.
-Treat the property with respect.
-Clean up all trash and place in dumpster.
-Report any damages.
-No driving offroad.
-No illegal activity or drug use.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lisa
Host User ID: 213799218
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/213799218
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My work: Rural Hill Farm
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
8 years hosting
59 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting