URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1463200144204502992
Latitude: 36.1948
Longitude: -86.7767
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to GRANDVIEW, one of Nashville's premier luxury rooftop retreats. This stunning 4BR, 3.5BA designer home features a private elevator, a rooftop hot tub for up to 10 guests, and panoramic downtown skyline views. Enjoy a gourmet kitchen, luxury linens, premium bath amenities, and thoughtful touches throughout your stay. Just 10 minutes from Broadway, it's the perfect blend of downtown excitement and peaceful luxury.

The space
✨ Welcome to GRANDVIEW
Experience one of Nashville's most distinctive luxury rooftop retreats. Located in the heart of the rapidly growing Cumberland Heights neighborhood, GRANDVIEW is a stunning 4-bedroom, 3.5-bath designer home offering breathtaking panoramic skyline views, exceptional amenities, and an unforgettable stay just minutes from downtown.
Spanning three beautifully designed levels plus a private rooftop with hottub, this home was created for guests who appreciate elevated design, premium comfort, and memorable experiences. Whether you're planning a bachelorette weekend, wedding celebration, birthday getaway, family vacation, or corporate retreat, GRANDVIEW delivers a true five-star experience from the moment you arrive.

🌆 Rooftop Views You'll Never Forget
The heart of the home is its spectacular rooftop retreat overlooking the Nashville skyline.
Inside, the open-concept living room is framed by dramatic floor-to-ceiling sliding glass doors, creating a seamless connection between the elegant interior and the city's breathtaking skyline.
The luxurious primary suite offers the same incredible views with its own private balcony. From there, climb the spiral staircase to your exclusive rooftop oasis featuring a 10-person hot tub, where you can unwind beneath the stars while taking in one of the best panoramic views in Nashville.
Morning coffee. Sunset cocktails. Late-night conversations under the city lights. This rooftop was designed for unforgettable moments.

🛁 Luxury Amenities
Every detail has been thoughtfully curated to create a boutique hotel experience with the comfort and privacy of your own luxury home.
Designed for Comfort
✔ Private elevator serving every floor
✔ Rooftop hot tub for up to 10 guests
✔ Panoramic downtown skyline views
✔ Fully equipped gourmet kitchen
✔ Complimentary coffee station
✔ Spacious open-concept living and dining areas
Luxury Throughout
✔ Premium mattresses and luxury linens
✔ Plush bath and pool towels
✔ Designer toiletries provided in every bathroom
✔ Shampoo, conditioner, body wash, lotion, toothbrushes, toothpaste, mouthwash, cotton swabs, hair ties, and more
✔ Thoughtful extras so you can pack lighter and relax sooner

📍 The Perfect Nashville Location
Located in Cumberland Heights, one of Nashville's fastest-growing neighborhoods, you'll enjoy the perfect balance of convenience and tranquility.
Explore local restaurants, breweries, coffee shops, and hidden gems just moments away while staying only minutes from the city's most iconic destinations.
Nearby
🎸 Broadway & Lower Broadway — 10 minutes
🏙 Downtown Nashville — 10 minutes
🍽 Germantown restaurants — minutes away
🎵 Marathon Village — nearby
🎰 Grand Ole Opry & Opry Mills — 15 minutes
✈ Nashville International Airport — approximately 20 minutes
Close to everything. Peaceful enough to truly relax.

🎉 Perfect For
GRANDVIEW is ideal for:
• Bachelorette weekends
• Wedding parties
• Birthday celebrations
• Family vacations
• Corporate retreats
• Girls' trips
• Couples' getaways
• Music industry professionals

⭐ Included With Every Stay
✔ 4 Bedrooms | 3.5 Bathrooms
✔ Private elevator
✔ Private rooftop retreat
✔ 10-person rooftop hot tub
✔ Floor-to-ceiling sliding glass doors
✔ Private balcony with spiral staircase
✔ Gourmet kitchen
✔ Complimentary coffee station
✔ Luxury linens & premium mattresses
✔ Designer bath amenities
✔ High-speed Wi-Fi
✔ Smart TVs
✔ Professionally cleaned before every arrival

GRANDVIEW
Luxury. Skyline Views. Unforgettable Nashville Memories.
Whether you're celebrating life's biggest moments or simply looking for an exceptional place to experience Music City, Grandview offers the perfect blend of luxury, comfort, and location.

🚫 Local Bookings Policy
To help ensure a safe and enjoyable experience for all guests, reservations from guests who reside in Nashville or within 60 miles of the city require prior approval. We reserve the right to cancel unauthorized local reservations.

Other things to note
🚫 Local Bookings Policy
To help ensure a safe and enjoyable experience for all guests, reservations from guests who reside in Nashville or within 60 miles of the city require prior approval. We reserve the right to cancel unauthorized local reservations.

🎖 Military & First Responder Appreciation
We proudly offer a discount for active military personnel, veterans, and first responders. Please contact us before booking for details.

Registration Details
2026041385

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: NashVIP Host
Host User ID: 456121654
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/456121654
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
158 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting