URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/33450879
Latitude: 36.0318
Longitude: -86.7377
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Centrally located between Downtown Nashville & Franklin, 15 min. drive to both, is our thoughtfully curated, upscale, fun, modern space. Perfect for a couples getaway, small family retreat, or friends' trip. Surrounded by wildlife & nature, unwind & re-energize during your stay in Nashville. Private entrance, patio area, parking spot in a safe/quiet neighborhood. Say hi to our chickens!  *This is a walkout basement apartment. We live upstairs and you will hear light footsteps.

The space
1,000 Sq ft. of fully renovated basement apartment set on 1 acre of land and a backyard dense with enormous trees. Super family friendly space. NO corners were cut in this passion project of ours. We created a space that our guests would feel inspired and relaxed in. Filled with high quality design elements from West Elm, a stunning kitchen with a HUGE waterfall island, leathered Quartz island, plenty of seating throughout, TWO 4k TV's (Direct TV App & streaming apps such as Disney Plus, Netflix, Hulu, YouTube, etc.), a working gas fireplace, a "Multicade" arcade cocktail table (with over 60 games like Pacman, Dig Dug, Qix to name a few), your own large patio space, your own thermostat & central HVAC system, & filled with all the amenities you need for an epic stay. 

If you are traveling with any young kiddos/babies, we are happy to lend you any baby gear we have stored (pack and play, infant bath, bottle warmer). We've got a toddler, so that means we've got a lot of that baby stuff we'd happy to lend you during your stay.  Just notify us prior to your stay and we'll be sure to make those items available to you!

THE TOUR:
Upon arrival, you'll pull into your own private parking spot, closest to the entrance of the apartment. You'll walk through your own serene furnished patio that will lead you to your front door. If arriving after dark, our exterior string lights are on a timer and will turn on at dark. 

You'll walk in to a large open living room with lots of seating. One of the West Elm sofas is a Queen sleeper sofa. In the living room,  a modern concrete working gas fireplace, with a custom-made mantel made by our friend and local woodworker Donny of Sawdust & Whiskey, a 55 inch flat screen 4K TV, and PACMAN  arcade cocktail table that also has 60 other games! The living room also has an ultra comfortable Queen size Murphy bed that also serves as a fun design element. 4 can comfortably sleep in the living room. 

The kitchen area has 9 different seating options between the bar/counter seating and the dining table. Our great open kitchen is perfect for eating in. The beautiful kitchen shelf, boasting organic shaped West Elm dish-ware, was also made locally by Sawdust & Whiskey. We provide many cookware essentials, a Nutri Bullet blender, Keurig Mini coffee machine (with your first round of K-cups, sugars, and creamers are complimentary). If you plan on cooking any extravagant meals, let us know in advance and we'll be happy to lend you any of our cooking gadgets or extra serving dishes upon request from our house should need more. 

The spacious bedroom has a King size grey tufted bed, ultra comfy 12 inch memory foam mattress, and custom-made nightstands made from actual JACK DANIEL'S Bourbon barrels (one of our favorite touches, to be honest ;) Also, you'll have nice sized closet with black velvet hangers, ironing board, iron, laundry hamper, and two luggage racks. There's more! A 43 inch 4K TV also with Cable TV and streaming apps. The cabinet under the TV has three empty drawers for your use and also stores extra pillows and clean sheets for the sleeper sofa. You'll also love our retro-feel, high velocity Vornado floor fan if you like to sleep with a fan on or prefer to feel a "beachy breeze" in the room. 

The bathroom is also rather spacious with a walk-in glass shower, a floating vanity with plenty of space for your toiletries, and a soaking 55 inch bathtub with a little table for your book or glass of wine...because you deserve to do that! 

Also in the apartment is a full size washer and dryer set for your use! 

Outdoor space: Firepit for guest use. Plenty of wood provided! 

We want to be transparent that we live above the basement apartment with a toddler. During the renovation, we invested to have the best sound barrier insulation between us and our guests, although you will hear some footsteps from time to time (like that of an apartment or hotel). It's still private and quiet considering its a basement apartment. We do share the backyard and fire-pit area (although we won't be hanging out in your patio space!) so you may see us playing with our kiddos further down in the backyard on the swing. We love meeting our guests so feel free to come out and say hi, but we also respect your privacy if you're not in the mood! 

If you're visiting friends or family living in Nashville, we're totally ok with you inviting a few guests over - it's SUCH a great space to hang and make memories. We just ask that you let us know ahead of time if you're planning on having anyone over and it cannot exceed the 6 person occupancy.

EARLY CHECK-INS OR LATE CHECK-OUTS:
Early check-in or late check-outs must be PRE-ARRANGED. Please do not ask on the day before, or the day of arrival as we will NOT honor it. We have our cleaners scheduled at specific times and are unable to make last minute changes. Any non pre-arranged late check-outs will result in withholding of deposit.

The only way we can guarantee an early check-in is if the night prior to your stay is available, we can block it off for you at half the price. Same goes for late check-out, if there is no one booked the night of your check out date, we can block off the night for you for a guaranteed late check-out at half the price.

LUGGAGE DROP OFF:
While we would love to be able to accommodate luggage drop off requests, there simply isn’t a ‘'holding area” in our home that wouldn’t interfere with our cleaners ability to move freely during their clean. We recommend you contact Stow Station.

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire first level apartment which includes 1 bedroom, 1 kitchen, 1 living room, 1 bathroom, a covered patio area, and in unit washer/dryer.

Other things to note
** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!!

Hosts live upstairs with their own private entrance

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Steph & Matt
Host User ID: 7428690
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/7428690
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey! We're Matt and Steph. We're just a couple that loves living in Nashville.  

5 things we can't live without: Each other, La Croix, music, bug spray, going on the lake (Percy Priest, 20 min. away).

Our favorite Nashville destinations are:
Shelby Bottoms Park (in East Nashville), Pinewood Social (Downtown) , Kayaking the Harpeth River (25 min. away).

BEST BURGER is Burger Republic in the Gulch (10 min. drive)

BEST SANDWICH is Mitchell Deli ( 5 min drive )

We have a lot of recommendations for best brunch, dinner, happy hour, places to hike, best bars, places to get a massage, etc...just ask us what you're looking for!
Speaks English and French
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
990 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting