URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1623489120110354552
Latitude: 36.2057
Longitude: -86.811
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The fourth floor is the reason you're here. A private rooftop terrace with a fire pit, lounge seating, and wide-open views of the Cumberland River and the downtown skyline, the kind of outdoor space almost no Nashville rental has. Below it: four bedrooms, each with its own private bath (no shared bathrooms, even with 12 guests), a garage game room with ping pong and darts, a chef's kitchen, and a two-car garage. Ten minutes to Broadway, five to the stadium.

The space
Four floors, and every one earns its keep.

The Rooftop. The top level is the showpiece: a private terrace with a fire pit, lounge seating, and unobstructed views of the Cumberland River and the downtown Nashville skyline. Coffee up here feels different at sunrise, and the fire pit keeps the night going long after Broadway winds down. Outdoor space like this is genuinely rare in Nashville rentals.

The Bedrooms, sleeps 12. Four bedrooms, and every single one has its own private en-suite bathroom. No lines, no shared showers, even with a full house.
Ground floor: three single beds with en-suite, great for the early-to-bed or late-to-rise crew.
First floor: queen bed with en-suite.
Second floor: the primary suite with a king bed and en-suite, plus a fourth bedroom that sleeps five across a queen, a double, and a single, with its own en-suite.

The Game Room and Garage. The ground level doubles as the fun floor: ping pong, darts, and a private two-car attached garage. If your group is driving in, covered parking for two cars this close to downtown is a quiet luxury.

The Living Floor. A chef's kitchen with full appliances and complete cookware, flowing into an open living room with a Smart TV. Smart TVs in every bedroom too, with fast fiber WiFi throughout. A full laundry room on the second floor has a washer, dryer, pods, iron, and ironing board, so pack light.

Ten minutes from Broadway, five from Nissan Stadium, and a rooftop that makes staying in the best part of the trip.

Guest access
The entire space is yours - including the double garage. Please make yourself at home. We utilize a digital lock with your own unique code that is emailed to you prior to check-in. Note that the main door to the building and the garage security gate do have different codes to your property and will be included in the email sent to you two days before check-in.

Other things to note
🧼 We clean with green, organic products to reduce environmental impact.
🚗 Extra parking is first-come, first-served in front of the building.
📞 If issues arise, we’ll act quickly, but there’s no 24/7 on-site staff.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mark
Host User ID: 478827477
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/478827477
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I’m Mark— here to make your vacation truly unforgettable.

Together with my brilliant and thoughtful team, we're here to make your vacation GREAT! Our Property Curators are 100% focused on your comfort. It is our job to ensure you feel taken care of every step of your trip! We know we are here because of YOU and we feel this differentiates us from so many other hosts in the market!

Let us know how we can make your stay a 5-Star stay!
Born in the 70s
Where I went to school: South Africa
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
1593 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting