URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/24715542
Latitude: 36.20969
Longitude: -86.72644
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
💝 With its 1920s charm intact, my renovated 4 bedroom/5 bed/3.5 bath home is located in trendy East Nashville. It's perfect for families, from grandparents to babies. You're within walking distance of local dining, a supermarket, kid's fast food, an easy 10-minute drive to downtown and a 10-minute drive to the Grand Ole Opry and Gaylord Opryland Resort.

The space
🎁  INSIDE: Listed in the National Registry of Historic Places, my home has original hardwood floors and custom-made decorative elements featured throughout, offering a perfect blend of antiques, farmhouse décor and modern amenities.

🐦  OUTSIDE: The backyard deck features a gas grill, picnic table and plenty of bench seating. The covered, colorfully lit “barzebo” offers patio furniture where you can relax, sip a drink and enjoy nature. The 8-foot high, fully-fenced backyard provides privacy and plenty of room for the kids to romp.

🧂  THE KITCHEN: The spacious, fully-equipped kitchen features cathedral ceilings and a huge picture window with views of the back yard. The appliances are new and include an Allavino wine fridge, gas range, oven, microwave and all kinds of kitchen utensils, dishes, silverware, cups and glasses.

🥣 DINING ROOM: You’ll be able to enjoy meals around the farmhouse dining table, under the unique barn wood chandelier, in the intimacy of your own Nashville vacation home.

😴 THE BEDROOMS: There are four bedrooms. Three of the bedrooms have king-sized beds, one bedroom has a queen-size bed. The den, which is adjacent to the living room, has a queen-size bed. 

🛁 3 FULL BATHS, 1 HALF BATH: There's a huge bathroom inside the first floor master bedroom with soaking tub, dual vanity and separate shower. There are 2 full baths on the second floor near the other three bedrooms. A convenient half-bath is located adjacent to the kitchen.

📻 TVs & SOUND SYSTEM: There are 5 TVs, all Roku-enabled, with Netflix, HBO, Showtime and Amazon Prime. You can play your favorite music on 5 portable JBL Bluetooth-enabled speakers.

🧸 KID'S PLAYROOM: Kids love the cozy playroom. It's like their own special hide-out and is filled with children’s books, a TV, games, and toys. Ask me if you need to use my pack n' play, high chair and other baby/toddler equipment.

🚗 PARKING: There is free off-street parking in the driveway for up to 4 cars.

✨WHY HERE? You’ll be close to everything and just far enough away from the urban core to have peace and quiet when you want it. It’s the perfect mix of old Nashville meets new -- an authentic Nashville experience.

🌹 INTERACTION WITH GUESTS: I will be available to assist you 24 hours a day via text or phone. If you need urgent, in-person assistance I will respond quickly.

Guest access
Guests have exclusive access to the entire home with the exception of the basement and housekeeper's closet.

Other things to note
-- No parties, events, excessive noise, or illegal activity of any kind.   

-- My nightly rate covers 6 guests or less. Additional guests (up to my max occupancy of 10 guests total) are charged $25 per person per night (including children 2 years and older). This pricing allows smaller groups and families to stay at my home without paying the same price as larger groups.

-- I do not rent to locals without prior approval. Contact me before booking.

-- I cannot accommodate Saturday check-ins or check-outs unless you book for at least 5 nights.

-- Person booking the property must be the primary guest who will be staying at the property.

-- Exterior video cameras are in use at all times to ensure security. There are NO interior cameras or any cameras facing to the interior of the home.

-- I am fully permitted and abide by all local and state regulations governing short-term rentals

Registration Details
2017003353

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kim
Host User ID: 186810029
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/186810029
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I love to travel, write and photograph my adventures. My past career as a magazine editor blessed me with ample opportunities to experience some amazing destinations around the world, but the place I love the most is Tennessee.
I spend too much time: On my computer
Fun fact: Sang with a 1940s-style band in Italy
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
78 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting