Experience Harmony on Music Row, a brand-new luxury townhome in the heart of Nashville! This 4BR/4.5BA designer retreat features king beds in every room, elegant interiors, and bright open spaces perfect for entertaining. Walk to Belmont, Vanderbilt, and Hillsboro Village, or take a 5-minute drive to Broadway’s vibrant nightlife. Includes parking for 2 vehicles. Modern comfort meets Music City style! Primary renter must be 25+.

Other things to note
Primary renter must be at least 25 years of age. Guests may be asked to present their IDs upon arrival or anytime during their stay.

This vacation rental features:
Primary Bedroom: King Bed-Sleeps 2
Primary Bedroom 1: King Bed-Sleeps 2
Guest Bedroom 2: King Bed-Sleeps 2
Guest Bedroom 3: King Bed-Sleeps 2
The home has 4 bathrooms, one in each bedroom; plus there is a 1/2 bath.

Maximum Guest Occupancy: 8 Guests (Please note that children under the age of two years still count toward the maximum guest occupancy.)

Situated in the heart of Music Row and walking distance to Nashville's hottest offerings-Belmont, Vanderbilt, Hillsboro Village. 

As one of the largest units within the development, it features an open floor plan with bright, warm and inviting areas perfect for entertaining and relaxing.  Each room was designed individually and with purpose by a professional interior designer to give every guest their own unique experience within the home during their stay. While we would understand if you never wanted to leave this amazing home, you may want to venture out and enjoy many amazing sights of Nashville. Take a short 5-minute drive to Broadway and experience all the fun, food, and immersive culture The Music City has to offer! Modern home, intentional design, and central location. The perfect combination for your Music City Getaway!

Parking: This unit comes with two parking spaces.
1) You may park in the alley at the back side of the building. Look for a dedicated parking spot, labeled D. Do not park in the financial services parking lot. They will tow the car.
2) Overflow parking is directly on 16th Avenue in front of the building.

Upon booking, you’ll receive timely communications about your trip. Access to your professionally cleaned and sanitized home is also convenient with our custom keyless locks. And, if you need anything before, during or after your stay, our local team is ready to help!

Please be aware that there will be NO refunds for Wi-Fi issues as it’s not guaranteed. If reliable Wi-Fi is a must, you are welcome to bring your own internet hotspot.

Non-negotiable rules: No Smoking or Vaping, No Pets, No Events or Parties, No Firearms. Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am (unless posted signage indicates otherwise).