URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1729877827930448745
Latitude: 36.208598895641
Longitude: -86.73739494279125
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Kirkland, a Parisian-inspired retreat in the heart of Music City! 🎻✨

Step into a chic, design-forward space where Parisian elegance meets modern comfort. Thoughtfully designed with stylish details, cozy touches, and a boutique-inspired atmosphere, The Kirkland offers the perfect place to relax and recharge after a day of exploring Nashville.

 Whether you're visiting for a weekend getaway, a celebration, or a memorable trip with friends and family

The space
✨ Luxury Details

The Kirkland  is far from an ordinary short-term rental. Inspired by the charm of a Parisian pied-à-terre, this one-of-a-kind home blends vintage character, collected treasures, and statement décor with modern comforts—creating an unforgettable stay for the discerning traveler.

🗝️ Thoughtful Comfort & Convenience
Smart keyless entry: A personalized entry code is provided before arrival for seamless, secure access.
Whole-home soft water system: Enjoy water that is gentle on your hair and skin.
EV charging: A Rivian EV charging station is available for guest use.
Evening ambiance: Automatic lighting throughout the common areas and dimmer switches in living spaces and bedrooms create a warm, inviting atmosphere.
Entertainment: Relax in the living room with a 65” flat-screen TV and Apple TV, or enjoy our curated collection of classic games and puzzles. For an elevated Nashville experience, ask about our in-house live music offering.
🍽️ An Elevated Kitchen

The beautifully appointed kitchen is designed for everything from morning coffee to intimate celebrations. Enjoy elevated dinnerware, glassware, flatware, and barware, along with a spacious island bar with seating for three and a walk-in pantry.

🛏️ Restful, Five-Star Sleep

Every bedroom is designed with comfort in mind, featuring:

Luxury linens
CertiPUR-US memory foam mattresses
Down-feather pillows
Blackout curtains and/or shades
Sound machines
Portable, adjustable fans

Sheets and duvet covers are made from 100% organic cotton or organic bamboo, while bath towels are crafted from luxurious Suprima cotton.

🌿 Thoughtful Personal Care

Our soaps, laundry and dishwasher detergents, and personal care products are thoughtfully selected without parabens, synthetic fragrances, sulfates, phthalates, or formaldehyde-sourced chemicals.

🚿 Spa-Inspired Bathrooms

Both third-floor bathrooms feature rain showerheads, while toilet stools are provided in every full bathroom. The primary bathroom also features a towel warmer for an extra touch of comfort.

🏡 Layout

Please note: This property includes both interior and exterior stairs.

First Floor
Welcoming front porch
Entry foyer
Mudroom nook
Ensuite bedroom with Queen bed
Tub/shower combination
Walk-in closet
Garage is not accessible to guests and is reserved for housekeeping and storage
Second Floor
Spacious living room
Dining area
Fully equipped kitchen
Island bar with 3 stools
Walk-in pantry
Powder room
Outdoor balcony
Third Floor
Ensuite Queen bedroom with tub/shower and walk-in closet
Primary ensuite Queen bedroom
Primary bathroom with double vanity and walk-in shower
Walk-in closet
Laundry room

Please refer to the attached floor plan for a visual overview of the home's layout.

🥂 Concierge Experiences

Food, alcohol, and fresh florals shown in listing photos are for inspiration only and are not included with your stay. Looking to make your visit extra special? Ask us about our Concierge Services, including food and beverage arrangements, fresh florals, and in-house live music.

At The Kirkland, every detail has been thoughtfully curated to make your Nashville stay feel effortlessly luxurious, distinctly personal, and truly unforgettable.

Other things to note
Important Information

This property is in compliance with all city ordinances regulating short term rentals. If requested, a copy of the active, short-term rental permit will be provided to booked guests.

Parking
This property comes with one dedicated parking space in the driveway behind the house. (See photo with the 80s Mercedes for reference.) For more modern drivers, the EV Rivian charging station is immediately adjacent to this parking space for ease of use. There is plenty of available guest parking nearby should the need arise. A paved sidewalk connects the shared driveway to the front entrance of the property. 

East Nashville is home to the creative class (aka musicians and artists) so be advised that you may hear and/or see music happening nearby, either at Nelson’s Drum Shop or potentially a neighboring property. This is sporadic and very minimally disruptive, but worth noting for those extremely sensitive to sound. 

East Nashville also has multiple train lines that run through the neighborhood. This is just a part of living in the city and this property is located near one of those railways. Trains go by periodically and may or may not use their horn at street crossings. We have no control over the schedule, safety protocols, or behavior of conductors.

In general, this is a very peaceful area with minimal noise disruptions beyond typical, city living (cars driving by, people walking their dogs, etc). From time to time, you might even hear or catch a glimpse of fireworks from Nissan Stadium when they are used at the end of a Titans game, music performance, or the infamous 4th of July fireworks display.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Joscelyn
Host User ID: 182962855
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/182962855
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I love to travel!
Where I went to school: South College
My work: Airbnb Super Host:)
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
1848 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting