URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1397216936380995919
Latitude: 36.1243
Longitude: -86.7891
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Gilmore by AvantStay — Nashville's #1-ranked hotel on TripAdvisor out of 235 properties. This Deluxe King Studio pairs boutique design with full-apartment comforts in the heart of 12 South, steps from the city's best cafés, boutiques, and restaurants.

🛏️ Plush king bed, spa robes & Nespresso
🍳 Full kitchen with full-size fridge
🔥 Rooftop terrace + courtyard fire pit access

The space
WELCOME TO THE GILMORE

Award-winning and guest-loved, The Gilmore is #1 out of 235 hotels on TripAdvisor, Top 1% on Airbnb, 4.9-stars on Google, and ranked #3 in the South by Southern Living.

Join us at The Gilmore, where European leisure meets Southern charm in the heart of Nashville’s most vibrant neighborhood. As 12 South’s first full-service hotel, and ranked #1 of 230 Hotels in Nashville on TripAdvisor, The Gilmore pairs Mediterranean-inspired design with AvantStay’s five-star hospitality for an unforgettable stay. Picture breezy courtyards designed for gathering, a warm, welcoming lobby, and thoughtful details that encourage you to slow down and savor the moment. Enjoy dedicated concierge services, a world-class guest experience, and curated food and beverage options designed to delight.

Guest Rooms -
At The Gilmore, every room is designed to be a luxurious escape, blending sophistication with a welcoming, relaxed atmosphere. Ranging from studios to spacious four-bedroom units, each space offers thoughtful details like plush furnishings and one-of-a-kind art to create a serene retreat, while select rooms offer private balconies. Inspired by Mediterranean elegance and Nashville’s warm hospitality, these rooms strike the perfect balance of comfort and style. 

Explore Music City -
Nestled in the heart of 12 South, this top-rated hotel is in the midst of Nashville’s best shopping, dining, and nightlife. Discover local gems like artisanal boutiques, trendy cafes, and celebrated restaurants that bring the city’s vibrant culture to life. Just a short ride away, you’ll find iconic music venues like the Ryman Auditorium, honky-tonk bars on Broadway, and legendary spots like the Grand Ole Opry. Whether you're in town for live music, southern cuisine, or simply soaking up the city’s vibrant energy, The Gilmore puts it all right at your doorstep.

Celebrate in Style -
Looking for the ultimate spot for a group getaway, celebration, or offsite? We offer flexible buyout options that let you customize your stay. Whether you’re booking multiple rooms, an entire floor, or even the whole hotel, we make it easy to bring your vision to life. Our experienced events manager is here to help through every step of the way, offering expert local recommendations, curated vendor options, and seamless coordination to ensure your event is nothing short of extraordinary. With bookable spaces like The Courtyard, The Rooftop Terrace, and our Multipurpose Room, The Gilmore provides the perfect setting for making memories with your group.

THE HOTEL

Deluxe King - 
Our Deluxe King rooms at The Gilmore are spacious units designed for both comfort and style. Each room features an inviting king-size bed and blackout curtains for restful nights, a cozy seating area with TV, and a fully equipped kitchen with a sink, microwave, stove, and fridge. Whether you're unwinding after a day of exploring or preparing a light meal, these rooms offer the perfect blend of luxury and convenience in the heart of Nashville.

Modern Conveniences - 
Each space at the Gilmore comes with a luxurious set of full-size toiletries. You’ll also enjoy a dedicated work space, complimentary Nespresso coffee maker and tea, branded robes, and a clothing steamer. Whether you're unwinding after a day of exploring or preparing a light meal, these rooms offer the perfect blend of luxury and convenience in the heart of Nashville.

The Skyline Terrace - 
Unbeatable rooftop views of the 12 South Nashville Skyline and plenty of comfortable seating—the Skyline Terrace at The Gilmore is the ideal day to night spot for a leisure morning coffee at one of the charming bistro tables, or a casual evening gathered around the comfortable lounge seating. Open to all guests and accommodating up to 50 people, you can enjoy the best view in town at sunset from our rooftop while you unwind or celebrate with friends over an evening glass of wine.

The Poet’s Courtyard - 
The Poet’s Courtyard at The Gilmore is a serene urban oasis, tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Surrounded by lush greenery and cozy seating, it's the perfect spot to unwind—whether you're gathered at the community table or relaxing in one of the more intimate nooks. Order food and beverages from neighboring restaurants here to enjoy on-site, making it easy to savor local flavors in this peaceful retreat. With room for up to 190 guests, this is a premier spot for gathering. Whether sipping coffee in the morning or relaxing with a glass of wine in the afternoon, it’s a tranquil escape right in the heart of Nashville.

The Gilmore Room - 
The Gilmore Room is a multipurpose, sophisticated space designed to suit any occasion. Accommodating up to 33 guests, this interior enclosed space is perfect for all types of events. Whether you're hosting a business meeting, a private wellness event, or anything in between, this elegant room adapts to your needs. With modern amenities and a calm atmosphere, it provides the perfect setting for both productivity and relaxation, making it ideal for intimate gatherings or focused sessions.

In-Room Massages -
At The Gilmore, we offer in-room spa services to help you unwind without ever leaving your room. From rejuvenating IV drips to relaxing massages and more, our services bring the luxury and convenience right to your door. Whether you've had a long day of travel or a fun night out, it's the perfect way to recharge and relax in comfort, with everything seamlessly arranged to suit your schedule.

EXCLUSIVE BUYOUTS & EVENTS AT THE GILMORE

The Gilmore offers unparalleled flexibility for hosting events, with options ranging from booking multiple rooms or an entire floor to reserving the entire hotel for a truly exclusive experience. Whether you're planning a wedding, corporate retreat, private gathering, or group getaway, our prime location in Nashville's vibrant 12 South neighborhood sets the perfect stage.

Exceptional Event Spaces -
Choose from versatile spaces like The Poet’s Courtyard, ideal for intimate lounge settings, The Skyline Terrace with breathtaking rooftop views, or the adaptable Gilmore Room for meetings and celebrations. Each space is designed to accommodate both small gatherings and larger events, ensuring a memorable experience for your group.

Tailored Experiences -
Our experienced events manager and concierge team make planning effortless with curated vendor options, personalized recommendations, and seamless coordination. From transportation and dining reservations to exclusive local partnerships, we ensure your event is elevated at every turn.

Specialty Offerings -
- Bachelor & Bachelorette Getaways: Celebrate in style with custom packages that include transportation, decorations, dining, and entertainment, all within steps of 12 South’s shopping and dining or Nashville's iconic Broadway nightlife.
- Corporate Retreats: Combine productivity and relaxation with adaptable meeting spaces and areas designed for team bonding, like The Poet’s Courtyard or The Skyline Terrace. Private rooms offer the perfect balance between collaboration and personal downtime.
- No matter the occasion, The Gilmore delivers a tailored, private experience that ensures your event is as seamless as it is unforgettable.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Known for its welcoming charm and walkable streets, 12 South offers an eclectic mix of boutique shops, trendy restaurants, and cozy coffeehouses. This sought-after area combines the buzz of a thriving urban community with a friendly, local feel, making it one of Nashville’s most desirable locations. Whether you’re exploring nearby parks or indulging in some of the city’s best dining and shopping, 12 South is the perfect place to experience the energy and character of Music City.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home accepts dogs only and for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- There is no in-unit laundry at this space.

Parking Details:
- Paid self-parking is available on-site in a public underground garage for $40 per night.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $300 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620331379

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting