URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1776274971055506516
Latitude: 36.208
Longitude: -86.7849
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Bring the whole crew to this brand-new, designer 4BR/4BA East Nashville retreat! Perfect for celebrations and group getaways. Soak in the rooftop hot tub, unwind in the sauna, grill with skyline views, or head to the game lounge for arcade games, karaoke & shuffleboard.

- 9 mins (3.2 miles) Nissan Stadium
- 12 mins (4.3 miles)  to Downtown & 10 mins (5.1 miles)  to  Broadway
- 15 min (9.1 miles) to BNA Airport

 Professionally designed top to bottom by SomerLed.

The space
KEY FEATURES
☆ Brand-new construction, professionally designed by SomerLed
☆ 4 bedrooms · 2 kings, 1 queen, 4 full bunk beds · sleeps 20
☆ Additional beds - 1 queen Murphy bed and 1 queen sofa bed in game room, 1 queen pull out sofa in living room
☆4 full bathrooms,  three with double vanities
☆ Private rooftop: 8-person hot tub, 4-person sauna, outdoor kitchen, fire pit, big-screen TV under a pergola, Nashville skyline views
☆ Garage game lounge: arcade machines, karaoke stage, shuffleboard, popcorn machine, big-screen TV — heated & cooled
☆ Community pool three feet from the front door
☆ Chef's kitchen: GE Café double-oven gas range, smart French-door refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave
☆ Coffee station: Cuisinart brewer, French press, electric kettle, matcha, Nutribullet
☆ 7 Samsung smart TVs with streaming
☆ In-unit Speed Queen washer + dryer
☆ High-quality mattresses and linens in every room

☆☆ BEDROOMS AND BATHROOMS ☆☆
Jolene Suite - King Bed 
Retreat to this luxurious suite enjoying the classic country music feel of Nashville while enjoying a plush king bed, premium pillows and linens, Smart TV, spacious closet, dresser for personal belongings, luggage rack, in-room vanity, full dressing mirror, and a private fully supplied double vanity couples shower ensuite bathroom. Thoughtfully designed with modern finishes and calming décor, it's the perfect place to unwind after a day exploring Music City.

Ring of Fire Retreat - King Bed 
Enjoy the sense of the Moody Rock-and-Roll in this inviting bedroom with a comfortable king bed with premium pillows and linens, designer furnishings, Smart TV, dresser for personal belongings, luggage rack, chair for relaxation, ample storage, full dressing mirror, and a private fully supplied double vanity ensuite bathroom with large tub/shower.  This room with a warm modern décor creates a relaxing space for couples or individual guests.

Blue Bird Boudoir - Queen Bed 
Step into this beautifully fashioned warm songwriter chic bedroom designed with both comfort and style in mind.  This room features a queen bed, luxury pillows and bedding, Smart TV, dresser for personal belongings, accent bench, luggage rack, full dressing mirror, ample storage space, and a private fully supplied double vanity ensuite bathroom with large shower.  You will not want to leave your room!

The Listening Room - Four Full Bunk Beds 
Dance around this lively music retreat in a beautifully designed relaxing room with four full beds offering premium pillows and linens, Smart TV, dresser for personal belongings, accent chair, luggage rack, full dressing mirror,  closet, and a private fully supplied single vanity ensuite bathroom with tub/shower.  You will come out singing a different tune!

The second-floor living room has a queen sleeper sofa, and the garage game lounge has a queen Murphy bed plus a queen sofa sleeper,  six additional sleeping spots.

Four full bathrooms, all fully tiled. Two feature double vanities with oversized mirrors,  one with a large glass shower, one with a tub/shower combination. A third offers a spacious double vanity, lighted mirror, and an oversized dual-head glass shower. The fourth sits on the first floor near The Listening Room and the entertainment spaces, with a single vanity, large mirror, and tub/shower combination.

☆☆ KITCHEN & DINING ☆☆
The builder didn't cut corners here. A GE Café double-oven gas range, smart four-door French-door refrigerator, dishwasher, and smart microwave make this a genuine cooking kitchen,  whether you're doing a full group dinner or just coffee before Broadway. The dedicated coffee station has a Cuisinart brewer, French press, electric kettle, matcha, and a Nutribullet, so everyone gets their morning exactly how they like it.

☆☆ GARAGE GAME LOUNGE ☆☆
The double garage has been transformed into a fully heated and cooled entertainment venue — arcade machines, a karaoke stage, shuffleboard, a popcorn machine, a big-screen TV, and a shelf of games. It's the room where the night either starts or never ends.

☆☆ THE ROOFTOP ☆☆
The heart of the home. Soak in the 8-person hot tub, unwind in the 4-person sauna, cook on the outdoor kitchen, or gather around the fire pit,  all under a pergola with a big-screen TV and a full view of the Nashville skyline. Sunset up here is definitely why you need to book this property. 

Community pool is only a few steps from the front door. Please note: The Horizon Pool will close for the season on Wednesday, September 30, 2026.

★☆ Book Today & Let Us Take Care Of You In Nashville! ☆★

Guest access
The home features high-speed Wi-Fi, smart TVs, premium linens, towels, kitchen essentials, and starter supplies to make your stay comfortable. Self check-in with a smart lock allows for convenient arrival any time after check-in.

Guests have exclusive access to the entire home, including all bedrooms, bathrooms, the fully equipped gourmet kitchen, spacious living and dining areas, game room, private rooftop terrace with hot tub, fire pit, and big-screen TV, laundry room, and private garage. Guests also have access to the community swimming pool (subject to community rules and seasonal availability).

For your safety and security, an owner closet is reserved for housekeeping and owner supplies and are not accessible to guests including the 'x3' supply room space in garage.

Other things to note
Welcome to Backbeat Social! We want you to enjoy your stay while helping us protect the home and respect our neighbors. By booking, all guests agree to the following rules : 

Reservations and Guest Requirements
- Only registered guests may enter or stay at the property. Although the home has four bedrooms and enough sleeping accommodations for up to 20 people, the current maximum occupancy permitted by the listing is 12 guests.
- Parties, events, and unapproved visitors are prohibited.
- The primary guest must be at least 25 years old, remain at the property throughout the reservation, and provide valid identification upon request.

Smoking and Prohibited Activities
- Smoking, vaping, and the use of illegal substances are prohibited throughout the property, including the home, garage, and rooftop.
- Confetti, glitter, tape, nails, staples, adhesives, and decorations that may stain or damage surfaces are prohibited. Additional cleaning or repair charges may apply.

Noise and Neighborhood Respect
- Quiet hours are from 10:00 p.m. to 8:00 a.m.
- Keep voices, music, television volume, rooftop activity, and outdoor noise at a respectful level at all times.
- Keep the rooftop television volume low, especially during quiet hours. After use, turn it off and properly lower it into the console.

Community Pool Rules
- Follow all posted community pool rules, operating hours, occupancy limits, and safety requirements.
- Community pool is only a few steps from the front door. Please note: The Horizon Pool will close for the season on Wednesday, September 30, 2026.

Parking
- Park only in designated spaces and please do not block neighboring homes, driveways, sidewalks, fire lanes, or roadways.
- Unauthorized or illegally parked vehicles may be towed at the vehicle owner’s expense.

Security and Safety Devices
Exterior security cameras with audio capabilities and noise-monitoring devices may be used for safety and property protection and will be recording all through out the reservation.  There are no cameras inside the home or in private areas.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tim
Host User ID: 1748737785497624720
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1748737785497624720
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We're Tim and Esther, a husband and wife team (with a special dog, Molly) who love creating luxury places where people can relax, connect, and make great memories. We enjoy traveling, discovering great food, and spending time with family and friends.  We're delighted to welcome you to the properties of Porch Light Signature Properties, where thoughtful details, comfort, and genuine Southern hospitality come together to make every stay feel special.  Welcome and we are honored to serve you!
Where I went to school: Graduate of UT-Memphis and Harvard
My work: Academic Strategist
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
New Host