URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/18915833
Latitude: 36.1641
Longitude: -86.782
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Bettye -A Features:  

* 2300 SQ FT of space
* Hardwood floors
* Exposed brick
* Sleeps 6-10
* 3 bedrooms, 3 full baths
* 2 of the bedrooms have an en-suite (bathroom connected to the bedroom)
* 1 king sized bed; 2 queen sized beds
* 2 queen sleeper sofas in the living room (to sleep 4 ppl)
* Free Toiletries - shampoo, conditioner, body soap
* Hair dryer
* Full kitchen and laundry room
* Standard Coffee maker (we do not provide coffee)
* Walking distance to everything in downtown Nashville!

The space
SUPER IMPORTANT: Please ensure that you have Airbnb notifications TURNED ON. Otherwise you will miss out on all updates on your reservation from us which could cause a delay in your check in. 

Say goodbye to cramming into hotels or settling for homes in the suburbs and say hello to a 5-Star reviewed, premier location with a beautiful history and every comfort of home just footsteps from the best action in Music City. The Bettye -A is one of the only properties available in downtown Nashville that can accommodate up to 10 people, designed just for groups like yours!  ALSO CHECK OUT   'Bettye B' by searching 'AirBnB Bettye B Music City Loft' in your search engine to see the sister property located in the same building and also sleeps up to 10!

Your entire group can stay and play comfortably in one central, historical location, with a coffee shop right across the street, art galleries just around the corner, and honky tonk bars plus the rest of Nashville’s best entertainment just two blocks from your doorstep.

'The Bettye' is a large, delightful home divided into two separate dwellings upstairs and downstairs, known as The Bettye -A and The Bettye -B. Both have private exterior entrances, but they share an interior stairwell. If desired, your large party can book both lofts for one awesome location. Each loft holds a maximum of 10 guests. 

Booking this unit by itself ensures you have 3 bedrooms and 3 full baths for your group of 6-10. This property sleeps 10 people when sleeping 4 people in the living room using the two queen sleeper sofas in place. *Furnishings and artwork are subject to change.

Subject to availability. Book both lofts early to accommodate your entire group!

*Furnishings and artwork are subject to change. Guests subject to being charged $500 for moving of furniture.
 
The Story Behind The Bettye: 

When I purchased this building, I pondered how we could name it meaningfully. I discovered that during the 1800's, the original land owner's name was Elizabeth.

I thought about my beautiful mother who passed in December of 2013 and how her middle name was also Elizabeth.

And then I thought about my grandmother, Elizabeth Millican, who passed last October. She suffered from Dementia and Alzheimer's, which had sadly changed her personality, so I never had the pleasure of truly knowing her. After her passing, I began to have extensive talks with my grandfather regarding the kind of woman she was and their beautiful love story.

He told me that a preacher let them get married in his church after a funeral so they could use the flowers from the ceremony. They didn’t have two cents to rub together, but they ended up traveling the world for his job as a military pilot. I learned that my grandmother loved adventure and religiously read every page of the newspaper, speaking intelligently on world politics and even celebrities. She had a compassionate heart for the needy, always wanting to give money to anyone who asked for spare change. 

She took her role as mother and homemaker seriously and my grandfather says he always felt cared for, loved and respected. Elizabeth Anne Millican went by Bettye Anne. So with three Elizabeths worthy of being honored and also to honor my grandfather for his limitless love for his bride, we named the building The Bettye as a small way of paying tribute. 

- D. Dubetz 

Check out our other unique, story-rich listings for your family and group! #TeamMCL is a collection of 18 stunning properties in Downtown Nashville. Our family delivers unforgettable Nashville experiences for you as Nashville’s premier, most-trusted source of privately owned vacation rental properties.

What we offer:
* More space than a hotel
* Better location than a house in the suburbs
* 1200+ Five-Star Reviews among all of our properties!
* Each loft is uniquely decorated including art from Nashville artists
* Variety of lofts to choose from that accommodate 1-10 people
* Enjoy all the comforts of home in a PERFECT location, walking distance to all of downtown Nashville’s best sights and sounds including bars, restaurants, concerts, sporting events and conferences.
* Personalized recommendations from #TeamMCL, to help you get the most out of your visit!

Guest access
EVERYTHING! You have this entire property to yourself and if you book Bettye A & Bettye B you have the entire building to yourself! This property is walking distance to everywhere you want to be in Downtown Nashville including art galleries, coffee shops, food markets, restaurants, honky tonks, Bridgestone Arena, Concerts and Nissan Stadium!

Other things to note
We proudly own and manage 18 lofts in Downtown Nashville. Our 1 and 2 bedroom lofts are located in the same building, while our 3 bedroom lofts are just a short 2-block walk away. Guest Guidebooks and ​our other available properties:  https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/54294225  

All booked guests will receive access to our detailed digital guidebook providing our recommendations on music venues, local eats (breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner and high end dinners), honky tonks, roof top bars, local retail stores and much more!

Standard check in time is 3 pm CT and check out is before 10 am CT. We offer an early check in of 1 pm and a late check out of 12 pm for a $150 fee per time adjustment based on availability. All adjustments must be requested one week prior to check in date. We do NOT have a front desk, office or storage room for storing luggage prior to check in or after check out.

LUGGAGE STORAGE: If early check in or late check out is all booked up, not to worry!  MCL has partnered with Store & Snore Nashville to provide our guests with safe luggage storage.  Our direct contact information for luggage storage is provided to all booked guests. PS they also offer to stock the refrigerator as well as ride shares to get you to and from the airport!​ 

PARKING:
We do NOT offer parking with our reservations.  OUR LOCATION IS SO GOOD YOU WON'T NEED A CAR!  Nightly parking is available near the loft with a daily rate of $26, subject to higher rates for Special Events.   Our recommended parking garage is located at the Metro Courthouse Garage which is underground parking at the Historic Metro Courthouse and Public Square as it has 24/7 surveillance and security.  Their address is 101 James Robertson Parkway, Nashville which is about 2 blocks from the property. 

LINENS & SUCH
The Bettye includes a full kitchen, linens and towels, free WIFI and Directv. Conveniently located around the corner from Walgreens, Metropolitan Wines and S​avi Urban Market to pick up any items you might need during your stay. PLUS walking distance to plenty of great restaurants.

3 night minimum requirement on Thursday - Sunday dates unless other wise noted.

CHECK OUT PROCEDURES – 
a. Dish washer loaded AND started with detergent provided prior to check out.
b. Double check you haven’t left any personal items behind! Check on the bed, under the bed, in the bathroom and in the closets.
c. Start a load of towels in the washer using detergent provided.
d. Save energy! Turn off all lights.
e. Trash emptied from bedrooms, bathrooms and kitchens and taken to the trash bins in the alley accessible by exiting the back stairwell door then continuing to the side alley door.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Music City Loft
Host User ID: 54294225
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/54294225
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey y'all! My name is Dani Dubetz and I created my short-term rental business in 2012. 

Prior to moving to Nashville, I played volleyball for Florida International University and later worked as a news reporter for WPTV in West Palm Beach. I learned telling a sad story every day wasn't really 'my thing.' 

I moved to Nashville, like many, in pursuit of a music career, working as a beverage cart girl at a golf club, waitressing and coaching volleyball. As humbling as it was to go from being on TV to paying my rent in $1 bills, I didn't regret my decision.

Unfortunately, I quickly realized that the talent in Music City was far beyond any I'd come across in South Florida and surely, more than I was capable of as a self-professed Karaoke Queen and front woman of my Florida cover band!

From 2009-2012 I bounced between jobs in search of my purpose, a career that would allow me to utilize my talents, gifts and creativity and make a positive impact. My mother was a successful 'house-flipper' in our small town, Lanexa, Virginia. She was gracious enough to teach me her business, in loving support to help me keep my head above water! I flipped one or two houses a year but was never quite successful enough where I didn't need a day job. In 2010 I went against my mother's advice and purchased a loft in downtown Nashville, intending to flip it. 

In my 27 year old mind, sleeping on an air mattress in an empty loft, spending my free time listening to music in the bars just two blocks away was a pretty sweet gig. I was naive and ignorant to the fact that… it was 2010! Downtown properties were foreclosing faster than they were being purchased. My brilliant idea turned into my first failed flip. Between that and getting fired from a few jobs, my confidence was completely wrecked. 

My mom helped me furnish the loft, thinking staging the property would help it sell. Meanwhile, an acquaintance mentioned she'd listed her house on a web site and was renting it out nightly. As all of my personal belongings were packed up to move back home, tail between my legs and head low in utter defeat and self-loathing, my mom convinced me to use the last available funds on my credit card to list the loft online and, 'You never know. Maybe if you get a reservation you can get by for a little longer until you find your next job?'

In hindsight, I realize I actually failed my way forward. As I still kept finding jobs that would call me back to Nashville, but less optimistic that any of them would stick, I practically lived out of my car. When my loft was rented, I slept on friends' couches. If my loft was rented and I was again unemployed, I would travel to real estate seminars to make the most of my time. Eventually I realized that the career I had been searching for — an opportunity to build and grow a brand — was being met by my loft. 

I set to work finding a way to purchase more lofts in the building. I was passionate about creating the 'authentic Nashville experience' for my guests by providing a space that featured work from local artists and thereby, helping support my community. 
This passion has grown into something far beyond what I ever dreamed for myself or imagined possible. I never wanted to be a boss, I just wanted a job and one that I loved! I now have an entire team that not only loves Nashville, but deeply cares about helping our guests get the most from their visit. 

Our cleaning team is top-notch, as they understand all of the marketing we do on the front end means nothing if you walk in and aren't completely blown away! Our security team, Asset, are former military guys who not only provide comfort for our guests entering the building after a late night on the town but are extremely professional and courteous. We think it's awesome to have our guests looked after by 'Captain America!' 

On the reservations side, we have rockstars who truly care about your upcoming visit whether it be for a vacation, reunion, bachelorette party or conference. We not only want to give you an amazing space to call home and help you experience Nashville like a local, but we want to give you customized recommendations and resources so you fall in love with our city and want to come back again and again!

Suzanne is the head boss of guest experiences. She has been with the company since the beginning and you truly will not find someone more passionate about Nashville and its music scene. You're in the best hands! 

A little about how Suzanne and I came to work together, because I absolutely love telling this story — In 2012-2013 we were roommates. I was visiting with banks all day, trying to convince them that #TeamMCL was something to believe in (which at the time, had never before been seen at such scale in Nashville) and staying up all night answering e-mails and fulfilling reservations. Suzanne walked out of her home office (mine was the kitchen table) to tell me she was cut from her company in a corporate downsizing. Realizing I needed to not only get some sleep, but keep whatever little funds I had in-house so we could avoid eviction, I asked her if she wanted to work for #TeamMCL. Her classic response, which I will always remember, a very unenthusiastic, 'I guess I have to.' 
It's so comical to remember that day because while she begrudgingly agreed then, she is a total rockstar now!

Suzanne has grown to not only be an irreplaceable teammate, to whom I am forever grateful to helping me make this business possible not only in operations, but in the emotional support that I needed when times were really hard and no bank would give me the time of day, my mother's passing and my first business partner's ALS diagnosis (Former Tennessee Titan, Tim Shaw. Check out his book 'Blitz Your Life' because it's GREAT!), but she is a true champion of #TeamMCL and the authentic Nashville experience we are trying to provide for our guests. She maintains the properties to a high standard of expectations and she delights in hearing our guests' stories, connecting with them and giving them personalized recommendations of shows and events. A recommendation from her is like getting the 'inside scoop' on up-and-coming artists, so you can feel like one of the 'cool kids' when you come to town and get to experience Nashville like a true local!

My vision for #TeamMCL is this:
We aim to create a world-wide brand of privately owned vacation rentals, starting with the Music City, USA. The industry of private home rentals is extremely variable and uncertain. I have traveled and stayed in homes all over and have asked these very same questions. I have collected my own terrible experiences where the property wasn't as advertised, wasn't clean or I didn't feel safe. I have also stayed in places that didn't feel authentic, but were stale and run-of-the-mill, where I may have just as well stayed in a box-store hotel chain! Overall, the property you stay in can significantly impact the quality of your trip, your emotions, adventure, experience and ultimately, your memories! Knowing this and what I've learned through my own experiences and from our guests since renting out my first loft in 2011 before establishing #TeamMCL as a company, I have a dream to bring a standard of comfort, quality and consistency into the vacation rental world, all while creating spaces that are 'authentic' to that city by supporting local artists and reflecting that city's unique culture and vibe. 

More than being a successful company with a culture we can be proud of, we intend to be a force for good. We feel it's our mission to give back to our guests by delivering an exceptional experience where our guests feel genuinely cared for, but as a company we aim to do so much more to positively impact the world. We want our guests to know that while they are getting what they pay for and having an amazing experience worthy of a 5-Star review, a portion of their hard earned money is being paid forward toward a cause, whether it's ALS research, disadvantaged and orphaned children, or teen moms needing additional career education and encouragement.

Having faced personal struggle and the challenges of starting a company, coming through victoriously to other side, I truly believe that anything is possible!

Our core goals include:
* Setting the stage — Owning romantic real estate in romantic cities, all over the world
* WOWing our guests with cleanliness, quality and customer service — Creating a world-wide brand of vacation rentals that travelers can trust
* WOWing our guests by delighting five of their senses (Sight, Smell, Touch, Taste and Sound) through our properties and personalized recommendations of authentic, unique and local experiences
* Be WOW Memory Makers — WOW our guests so they can experience joy, delight and adventure, through our properties and recommendations so they can create memories they will cherish for a lifetime when they Stay {Somewhere} Awesome!
* Positively impact our Team, our guests and our community through passion, growth/learning and contribution

Thank you, in advance, for giving us the opportunity to meet our goals as a team. We are looking forward to serving you and earning your 5-Star Review. We live and die by them. If there's anything you need from us during your stay, please contact us so we have the opportunity to deliver! Also, word-of-mouth is essential for us to grow and thrive so if you loved staying at a #TeamMCL loft, please tell your friends! 

With Sincerity and Deep Appreciation,
Dani Dubetz
My work: Music City Loft
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
1737 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting