URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1692152309193040348
Latitude: 36.3316
Longitude: -86.6657
rental_type: Farm stay
property_type: FARMSTAY
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Goodlettsville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the charm of staying on a working horse farm at The Gathering Stables, a peaceful countryside retreat just 20 minutes from Nashville. Wake up to views of horses and open pastures, relax on your private patio, gather around the fire pit, or fire up the Blackstone. With room for up to 6 guests, you’ll enjoy a unique country escape while remaining close to Nashville’s restaurants, shopping, golf courses, and more- the perfect blend of Tennessee farm life and Music City convenience.

The space
Welcome to The Gathering Stables 🐴
Escape to the country without giving up the convenience of the city. The Gathering Stables is a peaceful barndominium nestled on a working horse farm in Goodlettsville, Tennessee—just 20 minutes from Nashville and close to everything Music City has to offer.

With room for up to 6 guests, this cozy two-bedroom guesthouse is the perfect place to relax after a day exploring Nashville, attending a wedding, enjoying a weekend getaway, or simply slowing down and enjoying a little country living.

Wake up to beautiful views of the horses and rolling property, then step outside to your private patio and enjoy your morning coffee or an evening sunset. Fire up the Blackstone grill, gather around the fire pit, and take in the peaceful surroundings.

Inside, you'll find a comfortable king bedroom, a second guest bedroom, a full kitchen, full bathroom, washer and dryer, Wi-Fi, and TVs throughout the space—everything you need for a comfortable stay.

The best part? You get the tranquility of a private horse farm while staying only 20 minutes from Nashville, with restaurants, grocery stores, golf, walking trails, and everyday conveniences just minutes away.

Whether you're coming for the music, a girls' weekend, a family getaway, a nearby event, or just looking for a quiet place to unplug, The Gathering Stables offers the best of both worlds: country charm with Nashville just a short drive away.
Come relax, reconnect, and experience a slower pace of Tennessee living. 🤍

Guest access
Guests have private access to the entire Gathering Stables guesthouse, including the bedrooms, bathroom, full kitchen, living area, and private outdoor patio with fire pit and Blackstone grill. Guests are welcome to enjoy the peaceful surroundings and views of the property while respecting designated areas for the horses and livestock.

Other things to note
The horses and other livestock on the property are for viewing only unless prior arrangements have been made with the owner. We also ask that all wildlife be observed from a respectful distance and never approached, fed, touched, or disturbed. Thank you for helping us keep our animals and natural surroundings safe and comfortable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chip
Host User ID: 97449536
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/97449536
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
As your hosts, my wife and I are so happy to welcome you to The Gathering Stables. We love sharing our barndominium and working horse farm with guests and hope you enjoy a taste of country living. 

We’re close by if you need anything and happy to answer questions or share our favorite Nashville spots. Most of all, we want you to feel comfortable, welcomed, and at home. We’re so glad you’re here!
My work: Business Executive
Lives in Goodlettsville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
4 months hosting
2 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
4 months of hosting