URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1331531866430874487
Latitude: 36.2093
Longitude: -86.739
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Opry Stop, in the heart of hip East Nashville, equidistant between Broadway and The Grand Ole Opry! It’s the best of all worlds - amazing food, drink and music just out your door AND easy access to downtown Nashville’s sports, arts and more incredible food and music scenes! This brand new townhome offers 3 queen ensuite bedrooms with smart TVs and a deluxe ensuite bunk room, along with a private rooftop deck with resort-style seating and dining, a grill and another huge smart TV!

The space
Enter the Opry Stop on the ground floor where there’s an ample 2-car garage and a very private queen suite with a charming full bath and access to the outside. Then walk the line and head upstairs, where there is another Johnny Cash-themed queen suite with its own sunny full bath, and another walk-in closet.

The light-filled kitchen and living room area on this floor is where everyone will want to be. Immaculate appliances and a huge island with plenty of seating make meals a snap, and the cozy living room is perfect for sipping some spiked fruit tea and enjoying the moment.

Upstairs on the third floor, there’s a convenient laundry niche and a deluxe bunk room with 4 full-sized bunks, plenty of power, a walk-in closet and a full en suite bathroom as well. This is where you can hang out with all the Opry Boys and play some air guitar! Down the hall is the charming Master suite, professionally decorated and fully appointed, with its own luxe double vanity en suite bathroom.

You are now only steps away from the amazing roof top deck, with plenty of comfy seating, its own grill and an expansive dining table, café lights, sunset views and a huge smart TV. The Opry Stop deck is where the party starts!

3 private queen bedrooms with en suite bathrooms and smart TVs
Bunk room with 4 full-size beds and an en suite bathroom
State of the art gourmet kitchen and designer living area
Rooftop deck with resort seating and dining, gas grill and large-screen smart TV
Garage parking for 2 cars (maximum car length: 17 feet) to make exploring the city effortless

Layout:
1st Floor:
Garage
Queen bedroom with private back door and en suite full bathroom (please note that access to the bedroom is through the garage)

2nd Floor:
Living room and kitchen, including kitchen island and Smart TV
Queen bedroom and full bathroom.

3rd Floor:
Queen bedroom with ensuite bathroom with double vanities
Double full size bunkbeds and full bathroom

4th Floor:
Rooftop patio with views, grill, large screen TV, dining table, comfortable seating with hanging chause lounges and cafe lights

Located in an eclectic neighborhood - with active train tracks - and just north of the Tennessee Central Railway Museum, the rooftop is a distinctive backdrop for your stay! This home offers a one-of-a-kind Nashville experience and the passing trains add a touch of character, offering a glimpse of bygone days as well as its working heartbeat today. Nashville truly is a hub of downhome southern history and a chic urban marvel, all at the same time. So definitely make sure to experience as much of it as you can. We’d like to highlight some of our close-by favorites in East Nashville, but just know that this is the very tip of the iceberg as there’s amazing food, music and art around every corner!

Nicoletta’s (fabulous pasta dishes made from scratch)
Flamie’s Hot Chicken (nuff said!)
Elegy Coffee (with all the feels, and all the pastries)
Living Waters Brewery and Coffee House (perfect anytime)
The Fox Cocktail Club (great live music without crossing the bridge)
All the 5 Points restaurants - but especially Dino’s (a once in a lifetime experience with locally sourced burgers and beers)
Remember the Titans, and the Predators!
Vanderbilt University, Go Commodores!
The Ryman, the Grand Ole Opry, the Music Center, Broadway
Nashville’s unique Mural scene, they’re incredible so, yes, take the tour!

The décor pays homage to the Grand Ole Opry, blending modern touches with local charm. Every corner of this home is designed to make you feel right at home while immersing you in the magic of Music City.our gateway to Nashville’s best. Whether you're here for music, food, or simply to create memories, your perfect getaway starts here.

*Garage parking is available for two cars under 210 inches long. Driveway and side yard parking is not permitted. Extra street parking is usually available, but not guaranteed and at your own risk. If you choose to park on the street, please park on the industrial complex side of the road.

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire unit.

Other things to note
Your total reservation fee for this home includes a damage waiver fee, including any applicable taxes. The damage waiver ensures coverage for any accidental damage caused to the home or its contents, including appliances and furnishings, up to a maximum of $1,500. Damage due to smoking and pets is excluded. To benefit from this coverage, you must report the incident to the host before you check out.

Garage parking is available for two cars under 210 inches long. Driveway and side yard parking is not permitted.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Safiri Vacation Rental Services
Host User ID: 437892731
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/437892731
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We're Safiri and we take pride in offering top-notch hospitality and unforgettable vacation experiences for our guests in the North Georgia mountains, the Florida Panhandle, Atlanta and Nashville. We are thrilled to have you as our guest and look forward to hosting you during your stay!
Speaks English
Lives in Canton, Georgia
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
1834 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting