URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/36107199
Latitude: 36.1554
Longitude: -86.7707
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 3
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Where Bali Meets Broadway – Your Downtown Nashville Hideaway

Tucked in a gated community just minutes from the buzz of Lower Broadway, this peaceful and pet-friendly studio is your perfect Nashville home base. Whether you’re here for honky-tonks, hot chicken, or a cozy couples’ escape, this serene and stylish space has everything you need, plus free parking, self-check-in, and calming decor that feels like a breath of fresh air.

The space
Where Bali Meets Broadway – Your Downtown Nashville Hideaway

Welcome to your 475 sq. ft. urban retreat, where the calm of Bali meets the energy of Broadway. Thoughtfully designed for rest and recharge, this stylish studio is more than just a place to crash - it’s your personal oasis in the heart of SoBro.

Enjoy FREE on-site parking and pet-friendly accommodations (extra fee), plus a keyless, no-contact check-in for total ease and convenience.

Start your mornings with complimentary coffee from our Nespresso machine, tea, and snacks, or cook up something special in the fully stocked kitchen - complete with cookware, utensils, spices, oil, and even wine glasses.

Sleep on a green tea-infused memory foam mattress, dressed in cozy linens with fluffy pillows. We’ve added noise-reducing curtains, earplugs, and a white noise machine to help you unwind - because downtown’s lively energy is fun … just not at 2 a.m. (Yes, there’s a fire station nearby, but we hope with these aids, you’ll sleep like a pro.)

Hosting a third guest? A down-filled sofa or air mattress makes room for one more. You’ll also have fresh towels, toiletries, and all the little extras: smart TV, fast Wi-Fi, iron, hairdryer, and a laptop-friendly workspace with a sunny view.

Stay, play, and soak up the soul of Nashville - your serene  home base awaits.

Guest access
Guests have full access to the studio, private patio, designated parking space, surrounding green space, and shared laundry facilities.

Other things to note
The unit is located in a safe, gated complex for added peace of mind.

Pet Policy: We love welcoming well-behaved pets! An extra fee per pet applies and helps us keep the space fresh for future guests.

Please note: No smoking indoors and no parties or events are allowed. This is a quiet, respectful space to relax and recharge. 

Quiet hours are 10 p - 6 a. If nearby guests are noisy after quiet hours, please don’t hesitate to let us know - we’re happy to help ensure a peaceful stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Stacie
Host User ID: 7403409
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/7403409
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey, y'all!  I'm Stacie. In addition to hosting in Nashville, I teach sociology at a small, private university in West Tennessee. I also serve as the Director of Global Studies. In that capacity, I arrange global service-learning opportunities for high school and college students.  So, I love teaching, traveling, and volunteering. I enjoy spending time with my family and friends, drinking coffee, and practicing photography.
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
My work: Bethel University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
488 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting