URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/17716286
Latitude: 36.1555
Longitude: -86.7707
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Relax in comfort and convenience – Book this 2-bedroom townhouse for a family or two couples. It is in a perfect location – only a short walk (Lyft or Uber ride) to the center of the action (music & honky-tonks, sports venues, shopping, etc). Key features: home-like decor, wonderful city view, comfortable beds, spacious living area, full kitchen, 2½ baths, and a sleeping couch for an extra person. 
See photos for floorplan.

The space
MAIN LEVEL
The main entry opens into the beautiful kitchen with granite counter tops and an island; the kitchen is fully equipped with induction stove, cookware, utensils, a Keurig coffee maker, toaster, etc. Of course, there are staples and supplies. While seated on one of the stools at the kitchen bar, you will enjoy the view of the downtown Nashville skyline through the double-wide window.
The dining space has a large oak table for 8. The adjoining living room is furnished with a sectional sofa, a wall-mounted 65” smart TV, and a DVD player. The TV has an Amazon Prime account. The sofa is similar in size to a twin bed and can sleep one adult or (using the chaise) two children. The south facing windows give a light, bright atmosphere. The ½ bath / powder room is on this level. There are hardwood floors throughout this level.

UPSTAIRS
Two spacious en-suite bedrooms are upstairs. One bedroom has a king-size bed, and the other has a queen-sized bed. In the closet of the king bedroom there is a small fold-a-way cot The bedrooms have room-darkening curtains as well as blinds. The king bedroom has a TV. Additionally, each bedroom has a ceiling fan, a desk and chair, a full-length mirror, and a generous closet. There is a place to do laundry (washer, dryer, drying rack, iron, and ironing board). There are hardwood or tile floors throughout the upstairs.

MORE...
The entire townhouse is fully air-conditioned. Each bedroom is supplied with bedding and a variety of pillows. The mattresses are from Tuft and Needle. The baths have towels, toiletries, hair dryer, etc. Smoking and pets are never allowed.

Guest access
The rental is for the 6-room apartment on 2 levels. NO keys to keep up with; the door has a keypad.

Other things to note
Check-in and check-out time is noon. Early check-in or late-checkout is usually available on request. We always allow 24 hours for the cleaning crew – no rushed cleanups! 
The entry to the townhouse is up one flight of stairs from the sidewalk.  We share the front porch with the neighboring townhouse; there are no-other shared spaces.
The townhouse is fully permitted by the metro government; it has passed their fire-marshal inspection; and pays all applicable taxes. The permit number is available.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: John
Host User ID: 118818722
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/118818722
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Nashville and to our townhouse. We have been married for 57 years and have 3 children.
As an aerospace engineer I lived in the culture of doing things right and minding the details. Post-retirement, my wife and I have often staying in B&Bs. We took note of what made a good stay and have attempted to replicate those in our townhouse. 
Our son David co-hosts and joins us in hoping to offer a premium experience for your stay.
My work: NASA (retired)
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
282 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting