URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/22193580
Latitude: 36.17575
Longitude: -86.74898
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Kick back by the double-sided fireplace with some country playing on the record player in this remodeled Victorian home. Watch the world go by from a porch rocking chair. Or simply delight in the retro brickwork and hand-crafted wooden furniture. Permit #2018004860

The space
The Woodland House is owned by my good friend, Brett Mclaughlin, who travels back and forth from Los Angeles writing hit songs (Troye Sivan, Kelsea Ballerini anyone? He won’t namedrop so I will). You may be wondering who I am. Well, I am Beta and I will be your host! I have known Brett for 10 years and am so honored that he asked me to design the interior of his home and host all of you fabulous wanderers coming in from out of town when he's in LA slaying it in the music business. 

Without further ado, Welcome to The Woodland House. Built in 1889, It's a home where you can feel the 150 year history as soon as you walk in.  With its original double sided fireplace,  old flagstone courtyard, and massive chef's kitchen, you may end up never leaving The Woodland House. And we get it. This house has so many experiences to offer.  Enjoy afternoon cocktails in the foyer while listening to classic or modern country on the record player.  Cater a classic southern-style dinner in the modern dining room featuring an antique buffet and artwork that once belonged to former Nashville eatery Holland House.  Watch the Titans play from the living room's 60-inch LG TV or snuggle up for a cozy movie night (popcorn provided).  Set the mood by pairing your device with the Samsung Sound Bar while cooking or socializing.  The kitchen features a Thermador, 6-burner chef’s stove and more counter space than you could ever need.  The entire house wraps around a stone courtyard with seven sets of French doors that spread natural light throughout. Open the doors in nice weather to bring that fresh Nashville air into your everyday activity.  At night, turn on the patio lights to create a festive and romantic atmosphere.  Enjoy breakfast, lunch or dinner on the custom built outdoor table and chairs and fire up the grill for a Saturday BBQ.  The guest room is spacious with two queen beds sharing an antique trunk side table and it's own bathroom and walk in closet.  The master bedroom is all you could ask for - king size bed, desk (with Dolly Parton portrait, duh) and two sets of French doors where the morning light leaks in to slowly wake you up (there are also black out curtains for those morning you want to sleep in a bit).  The master bathroom has a large, walk-in shower and freestanding tub, bubble bath provided.  

We would absolutely love to have you and I know I speak for Brett when I say... Welcome to Nashville! We know you will fall in love with this house, this city and everything in between.

*When requesting to rent The Woodland House please include a little bit about yourself and your reason for staying.  FYI: There is a strict no parties or events policy.*

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire house and courtyard.

Other things to note
Baby gear must be rented in advance.  Please contact us for info.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Beta & Emily
Host User ID: 8973736
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/8973736
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Oh you know. Just average American sisters obsessed with becoming a cross-breed of Martha Stewart, Beyonce and Mother Teresa. We want to tell you our story, but more importantly, we want to hear yours... preferably over alcohol-spiked tea, small finger sandwiches and some faint Kendrick Lamar in the background. Come world. Let's be friends.
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
11 years hosting
463 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting