URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1706854109183611893
Latitude: 36.1737
Longitude: -86.7807
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 7
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Flow, a riverfront Nashville retreat designed for effortless downtown stays. Start your morning with coffee on the private balcony overlooking the Cumberland River, then spend the day exploring Germantown, the Johnny Cash Museum, Nissan Stadium, and the Country Music Hall of Fame, all minutes away. When night falls, the true fun begins. Hop in a 3-minute Uber to Broadway for its legendary honky-tonks, live music, and neon-lit nightlife before returning to your cozy riverside escape.

The space
⭐ Amenities:
- Located in the heart of Downtown Nashville, just a 3-minute ride from Broadway's legendary honky-tonks, live music venues, and nightlife
- Explore the charm of Germantown and the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum, both within a short walk, while staying close to Nashville's vibrant entertainment scene
- Enjoy easy access to some of Music City's most iconic destinations, including Nissan Stadium and the Country Music Hall of Fame all within a 5-minute drive
- Community pool overlooking the Cumberland River, complete with lounge chairs and scenic waterfront views for relaxing afternoons in the Nashville sunshine
- Community fitness center featuring cardio equipment, free weights, kettlebells, and strength-training machines to help you stay active during your stay
- Shared laundry center with multiple pay-per-use washers and dryers, plus a comfortable lounge area while you wait
- Private balcony with beautiful views of the Cumberland River, offering a peaceful place to enjoy your morning coffee or evening glass of wine
- Dedicated workspace in the primary bedroom for guests needing a quiet place to work or plan their Nashville adventures
- Prime riverfront location just minutes from Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Germantown, East Nashville, and downtown's top dining and entertainment

🛋️ Living Areas:
- Spacious open-concept living room designed for gathering, featuring comfortable seating and plenty of room to relax after a day exploring the city
- Cozy fireplace creates a warm and inviting atmosphere for quiet evenings and casual conversations
- Smart TV provides easy access to your favorite streaming services, movies, and shows
- Large windows fill the space with natural light while showcasing views toward the Cumberland River
- Direct access to the private balcony allows guests to seamlessly enjoy both indoor comfort and outdoor riverfront scenery

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances, ample cabinetry, and generous counter space for preparing everything from quick breakfasts to full dinners
- Appliances include a refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher and toaster, for added convenience throughout your stay
- Start your mornings with a freshly brewed cup from the drip coffee maker, with complimentary coffee provided
- Breakfast bar with seating for four creates the perfect gathering space for morning coffee, happy hour drinks, or casual meals
- Open-concept design allows the chef of the group to stay connected with family and friends in the living area
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom: King bed, dedicated workspace, dresser, closet space, and en-suite jack-and-jill bathroom access
2nd Bedroom: Bunk bed featuring a Queen bed below and a Twin bed above, plus convenient access to the shared jack-and-jill bathroom

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom: Jack-and-jill bathroom with a single vanity, generous counter space, and a tub/shower combination accessible from both the primary and second bedroom
- Half Bathroom: Conveniently located off the main living area and features a single-sink vanity
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper

🚗 Parking:
- Two reserved parking space in the covered community parking area

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
Located in Downtown Nashville!
5 min walk: Social Cantina Nashville
6 min walk: Kyuramen - Nashville
6 min walk: TailGate Brewery Germantown
7 min walk: Jonathan's Grille
7 min walk: Retrograde Coffee
8 min walk: Toastique
9 min walk: Von Elrod's Beer Hall & Kitchen
10 min walk: Barrel Proof
11 min walk: Geist Bar + Restaurant
11 min walk: Jack Brown's Beer & Burger Joint Germantown
12 min walk: Top Note
12 min walk: Germantown
13 min walk: Angie's Diner
14 min walk: Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum
15 min walk: Germantown Cafe

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
3 mins: Broadway
3 mins: Topgolf
4 mins: Frothy Monkey
4 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
4 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
4 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
5 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
6 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
6 mins: Bongo Java
6 mins: Music City Center
6 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
6 mins: SOBRO
6 mins: Five Points
7 mins: The Gulch
7 mins: The Blue Room at Third Man Records
7 mins: East Nashville
8 mins: Tennessee State University
8 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Club
9 mins: Fat Bottom Brewing Co
9 mins: Vanderbilt University
9 mins: Midtown
9 mins: Music Row
9 mins: 12 South
10 mins: Centennial Park
10 mins: The Parthenon
10 mins: The Nations
10 mins: RCA Studio
10 mins: Geodis Park
15 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- Air Mattresses ($50 - 1 per reservation)
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within two (2) hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Maximum of 1 pet under 35lbs each, $100 fee per pet required.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2016 Followed By:2016031401

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms! 
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
17857 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting