URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1237056517319938619
Latitude: 36.12658
Longitude: -86.72453
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to this 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom condo in Nashville, where an open living area, full kitchen, and in-building laundry make stays simple.

・Free parking on premises
・Sofa bed for extra flexibility
・Central AC, Wi‑Fi, and streaming-ready TV
・5.8 miles from Downtown Nashville, with Broadway accessible by Uber

Settle in, cook with ease, and enjoy a relaxed Music City base.

The space
Escape to this comfortable Nashville, Tennessee vacation rental, perfectly located for exploring the best of Music City. Whether you're visiting for live music, concerts, sporting events, business travel, family vacations, weekend getaways, or an extended stay, this dog-friendly condo offers modern comforts, a fully equipped kitchen, high-speed WiFi, and easy access to downtown Nashville, Broadway, BNA Airport, shopping, dining, museums, parks, and top local attractions. Relax, recharge, and experience everything Nashville has to offer from your ideal home away from home.

| ❤️ ❤️ ❤️  Guests Reviews  ❤️ ❤️ ❤️ |

❛❛ I was in Nashville for a work trip with my pup and this was a perfect location for us. Clean, convenient and the host were very responsive. ❜❜ (Teisha)

❛❛ The space was perfect for our short girls’ trip.  Easy 10 minute ride to downtown.  Would recommend to anyone! ❜❜ (Tasha)

❛❛ This place was perfect for my husband, our small dog, and me. It’s located just 15 minutes outside of downtown Nashville, far enough to avoid the hustle and bustle but close enough to take a quick Uber to Broadway. The space was spotless, and they provided plenty of essential items, which I really appreciated. It felt very cozy, and I would definitely recommend staying here. The only suggestion I have is that the TVs are mounted a bit high, so you end up looking up the whole time while watching. But I definitely recommend this condo and hope to come back in the future. ❜❜ (Lindsay)

| 💖 💖 💖  What You'll Love  💖 💖 💖 |

・🐶  Pet-friendly stay
・🅿️  Free parking on premises
・🛋️  Sofa bed for flexible sleeping arrangements
・🫧  In-building washer and dryer for longer stays
・🏡  Open-concept condo with a comfortable living area and one bedroom
・🍳  Full kitchen with dining table, island seating, and everyday cooking essentials
・📺  Central air conditioning, heating, Wi‑Fi, and TV with streaming available using your own account

Welcome to your Nashville base. This condo gives you an easy place to unwind after a day around Music City, with a simple layout that works well for couples, solo travelers, or a small group.

LIVING ROOM
Kick back in the main living space.
▷ Wall-mounted TV for relaxed downtime
▷ Bluetooth sound system for music while you settle in
▷ Comfortable sofa seating plus a sofa bed for added flexibility
▷ Board games and books/reading material for easy evenings in

KITCHEN AND DINING
The kitchen is set up for simple meals and takeout nights.
▷ Bright workspace nook shown beside the kitchen area
▷ Cooking basics, dishes and silverware, and wine glasses
▷ Dining table with seating, plus counter seating at the island
▷ Electric stove and oven, microwave, dishwasher, refrigerator, toaster, blender, and coffee maker

BEDROOM
Your bedroom offers a calm place to recharge.
▷ Closet space for storing your belongings
▷ Bed linens, extra pillows, and blankets provided
▷ Queen bed with bedside lamps and a clean, simple layout

BATHROOM
Freshen up with the bathroom’s practical setup.
▷ Walk-in shower
▷ Hair dryer, shampoo, conditioner, body soap, and hot water

LAUNDRY AND OTHERS
▷ Free washer and dryer in the building
▷ Single-level home for easy movement through the space
▷ Smoke alarm, carbon monoxide alarm, fire extinguisher, first aid kit, and noise decibel monitor on property

We’d love to host you in Nashville and hope this condo feels like an easy fit for your trip.

| ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ NEARBY ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ |
▷ 5.8 miles from Downtown Nashville, with easy access to Broadway by Uber
▷ 1.5 miles from Lane Motor Museum, a nearby museum focused on unique vehicles
▷ Close to historic landmarks for guests who want to explore the area’s local history
▷ Willowbrook Commons and Crescent Plaza are nearby for shopping and everyday errands
▷ Buchanan's Station and Cemetery and Granbury's Lunette offer additional historic points of interest in the area

・Downtown Broadway (5.8 miles)
・Country Music Hall of Fame & Museum (4.4 miles)
・Johnny Cash Museum (6 miles)
・Ryman Auditorium (5.9 miles)
・Music City Center (4.4 miles)
・Bridgestone Arena (5.8 miles)
・Nissan Stadium (5.2 miles)
・The Gulch (5.5 miles)
・Nashville Zoo at Grassmere (6.2 miles)
・Lane Motor Museum (1.5 miles)
・Adventure Science Center (4.6 miles)
・Centennial Park & The Parthenon (6.7 miles)
・Tennessee State Museum (6.3 miles)
・Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park (6.5 miles)
・Germantown (6 miles)
・12 South Neighborhood (6.9 miles)
・Belmont Mansion (8.1 miles)
・Vanderbilt University (6 miles)
・Grand Ole Opry (5 miles)
・Opry Mills (8.3 miles)
・Gaylord Opryland Resort (9 miles)
・Andrew Jackson's Hermitage (12.2 miles)
・Belle Meade Historic Site & Winery (11.9 miles)
・Radnor Lake State Park (11.5 miles)
・Cheekwood Estate & Gardens (13.1 miles)

Whether you're planning a Nashville weekend getaway, family vacation, business trip, concert weekend, or an extended stay in Music City, this welcoming condo is the perfect place to call home. Enjoy the comfort of modern amenities, a convenient central location, and quick access to Nashville's best restaurants, entertainment, nightlife, shopping, and outdoor adventures. Book your Nashville, Tennessee vacation rental today and start making unforgettable memories in the heart of Tennessee.

Guest access
As our guest, you'll have full access to the entire property, except for a few areas reserved for house supplies.

Other things to note
| ▼ Things to Know |

☑︎ Check-in time: 4:00 PM
☑︎ Check-out time: 10:00 AM
☑︎ Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM - 8:00 AM
☑︎ All guests shall abide good neighbor policy and shall not engage in illegal activity.
☑︎ NO smoking is permitted anywhere on the premises.
☑︎ Streaming services available with guests’ own account(s)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Casago Middle Tennessee 2⁩
Host User ID: 169266942
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/169266942
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish
Lives in Tennessee, United States
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
7553 reviews
4.5 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting