URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/2802925
Latitude: 36.14704
Longitude: -86.82269
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Location! Spa-like retreat close to downtown. Meditation deck with cold plunge and sensory foot spa. Stylish private space w/all new furnishings. 200 ft from greenway to Centennial Park, West End corridor and Vanderbilt. In the heart of Nashville, while enjoying urban seclusion. 3 miles to Broadway, but out of the fray at the end of a dead-end street. Spacious patio, couches, bar. Music City-themed living space. Personal touches for a comfortable stay. Conveniently, a 1/2 mile off I-440.

The space
Modern, Private Nashville Retreat with Zen-Inspired Outdoor Oasis

Welcome to your private sanctuary in Nashville! This beautifully appointed rental encompasses the entire first floor of our home, offering complete independence and privacy. With secure keypad entry exclusive to guests, your stay is both effortless and discreet. None of the outdoor amenities are shared—everything is yours to enjoy.

Our thoughtfully designed outdoor space rivals the comfort and charm of the interior, featuring a meditation deck, cold plunge tub, covered patio, outdoor lounge with TV, bar area, sun deck, hammock, pebble foot spa, and more. Whether you're an athlete in recovery or simply seeking a peaceful escape, this urban-meets-zen environment is the perfect place to unwind.
The cold plunge is equipped with a professional-grade chiller that reaches temperatures as low as 49°F (we recommend 55°F for beginners). If you'd like the plunge ready upon arrival, please let us know in advance—cooling takes 8–12 hours.

For a truly unique experience, guests may reserve an outdoor sound bath session (available for up to 8 people). These meditative sessions include sound healing and vibrational tuning fork work, available in 30-, 60-, or 90-minute formats (subject to availability and additional fee).

We aim to make your stay as comfortable and personalized as possible:
- Complimentary local coffee featured weekly
- Nashville-made artisan soap as a welcome gift
- A California King bed with luxury linens in the main bedroom
- A top-rated Queen sleeper sofa (Forbes’ top 3 most comfortable), complete with blackout shades and premium bedding
- Need to work or relax with a good book? You'll find our expansive 200+ book lending library—feel free to take, leave, or simply enjoy a book during your stay.
- Inside or out, your comfort is our priority. The home includes:
- Central HVAC with guest-controlled thermostat (just text us for adjustments)
- Two safe, efficient radiator heaters for chilly nights
- A large tower fan (stored in the bathroom closet)
- Stylish outdoor furniture, a cozy firepit, and ambient lighting for evening relaxation

We’re easygoing hosts who value your privacy, but we’re always available to assist, offer local tips, or make your visit truly memorable.
Whether you're in Nashville for rest, recovery, or adventure—we’d love to host you!

Guest access
Private entrance at the bottom of the driveway (where you will park) -- you are welcome to the outdoor area (patio, yard, bar, etc). We provide firewood for the firepit, and there are chairs in the bedroom closet. If you would like to use the top deck with propane grill and seated table for six, please ask. It is our private host area, but if available, we may allow guests to use upon request.

Other things to note
We do not have a washer and dryer available in the Air B&B, however, there is a newly renovated laundromat right in the neighborhood, one mile away on Murphy Road. You can sit on the patio at Neighbors Bar & Grill and have a drink and a bite while your laundry is washing and drying! We often go here when we have bulky items to wash.

NOTE: Although we do love and respect all living beings, we have hosted guests with severe allergies. We are not able to accept animals, unless you have a documented service animal. If you are in need of a place for them to be taken care of while you visit, let us know so we can recommend you a few great, local places.  Guests who show up with animals will need to leave immediately and refund will not be provided. Thank you for understanding.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Rae
Host User ID: 14336050
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/14336050
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’m a professional development officer who works for an agency that helps foster youth and those aging out of state custody. Jason is a pressman who probably printed one of the credit cards in your wallet + he’s a native Nashvillian and local singer/songwriter. 

Our family is committed to social justice. We believe in science over fiction. We are equality warriors for people everywhere. 

Lastly, we have a calico cat named Kevin…she’s a girl.
My work: Fund Development
Fun fact: I facilitate urban, outdoor sound baths.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
55 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting