URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1628597199273124289
Latitude: 36.1971
Longitude: -86.8278
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Heights by AvantStay, a modern Nashville condo designed for easy group stays near the city’s best neighborhoods. Enjoy a bright living area with a sleeper sofa, full kitchen with bar seating, private balcony, and in-unit laundry, all within easy reach of Broadway, Midtown, Germantown, The Gulch, dining, nightlife, and greenways.

🏙️ Easy rides to Broadway, Midtown & The Gulch
🍳 Full kitchen, bar seating & in-unit laundry
☕ Private balcony + comfy living room for downtime

The space
The Heights gives Nashville travelers a modern, design-forward condo with the space to settle in and the location to move easily between the city’s best neighborhoods. With two bedrooms, two bathrooms, and a sleeper sofa in the living room, this condo works well for small groups, couples traveling together, families, or friends planning a music-filled weekend.

The living room is the main landing spot after a day out in the city, with comfortable seating, a large smart TV, and wide windows that bring in natural light. The layout keeps the space open to the kitchen, so the group can stream a show, plan the night, or ease into the morning without everyone feeling split apart.

The kitchen is set up for real use, not just looks. Full-size stainless steel appliances, generous counter space, a coffee maker, and bar seating make it easy to handle breakfast before heading out, takeout after a Broadway night, or a low-key dinner when staying in sounds better than another reservation.

Two bedrooms and two full bathrooms give guests more privacy than a standard hotel setup, especially for couples or friends getting ready at the same time. The sleeper sofa in the living room adds extra flexibility, while the in-unit washer and dryer are a major plus for longer stays, concert weekends, or anyone packing light.

Step outside to the private balcony for a quick coffee, a little fresh air, or a pre-dinner drink before heading into the city. It is a simple but useful extension of the living space, especially when you want a moment outside without leaving the condo.

The location keeps Nashville easy. Set in a growing bluffside area with retail and dining nearby, The Heights puts you within a convenient drive or rideshare of Midtown, Germantown, The Gulch, Broadway, local greenways, live music, restaurants, and nightlife, giving you a home base that feels connected without being stuck in the middle of the crowds.

Please note:
- The elevator is not available for guest use.
- This unit is located on the third floor, and there are 46 steps from the first floor to the unit. This property is not suitable for guests with mobility limitations.

Looking for more space? The Heights condos are located steps from one another and can be rented together to accommodate larger groups.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There's a reason Nashville has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note that this unit requires guests to walk up multiple flights of stairs to access the unit.

Parking Details:
- 2 cars are allowed per unit.
- Parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis in front of the building or to the right as you enter the complex.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting