URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1379676896648681762
Latitude: 36.13935001022977
Longitude: -86.75665735545265
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Whiskey & Wildflowers is your private 3BR spa-style retreat just 5 minutes from Broadway! Lounge in the cowboy pool, unwind in the cedar sauna, or relax on the covered back deck. Perfect for bachelorettes, birthdays, and weekend escapes. Inside, enjoy stylish decor, cozy living spaces, and everything you need for a comfortable stay. The backyard is fully fenced with turf—great for privacy and group hangouts. Less than a mile from Geodis Park and close to top spots.

The space
Experience the perfect blend of modern comfort and Southern charm at Whiskey and Wildflowers, your thoughtfully designed home away from home in the heart of Nashville. This newly built, beautifully decorated retreat offers three spacious bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms, and inviting indoor and outdoor spaces, making it ideal for families, groups, or business travelers.

The Space

From the moment you step inside, you'll feel at ease in the open-concept living area, designed for both relaxation and entertainment. Large windows fill the space with natural light, highlighting the warm wood floors, stylish furnishings, and cozy textures that give the home a welcoming feel.

Living Room – Sink into the plush sectional and unwind while watching your favorite shows on the large smart TV. The chic decor and curated accents set the tone for a relaxing stay.

Kitchen & Dining – The fully equipped kitchen features stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, and all the essentials to prepare delicious meals. Gather around the spacious island or enjoy a sit-down meal at the dining table with seating for six.

Bedrooms & Bathrooms –

Primary Suite: A true retreat with a king-sized bed, luxurious linens, and a private ensuite with a double vanity and a glass-enclosed shower.
Guest Bedroom 1: Features a cozy queen bed, stylish decor, and a smart TV.
Guest Bedroom 2: Thoughtfully designed with two queen beds, perfect for friends or family traveling together.
Additional Bathrooms: A shared full bathroom with a tub/shower combo and a convenient half-bath downstairs.
Outdoor Spaces
The home offers multiple outdoor areas to enhance your stay:

The front porch is the perfect spot to sip coffee and take in the peaceful surroundings.
The covered back deck features cozy seating, providing a great place to relax and enjoy the fresh air.

The backyard is now fully turfed and features incredible new amenities to elevate your stay! The cowboy plunge pool is up and operational, along with the barrel sauna and outdoor shower—perfect for unwinding after exploring Nashville.

Location

Whiskey and Wildflowers is centrally located, offering easy access to some of Nashville’s best attractions:

1 mile to Geodis Park – Perfect for soccer fans and event-goers.
2 miles to Broadway – Dive into Nashville’s legendary honky-tonks, live music, and nightlife.
Nearby urban goat farm – A fun, unique local attraction just minutes away!
Whether you're here to explore Music City’s vibrant entertainment, savor its incredible culinary scene, or simply relax in style, our home provides the perfect base for your adventures.

Book your stay today—we can't wait to host you!

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire home, including all indoor and outdoor spaces—nothing is off-limits during your stay.

There is parking for two vehicles directly behind the house, accessible via an alley off the side street. For additional vehicles, free street parking is available just in front of the home.

You'll have full access to the backyard amenities, including the cowboy plunge pool, hot tub, sauna, and all lounge areas.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: James
Host User ID: 404474865
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/404474865
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My name is James, and I am happily married to my wife, Sarah. We were both born and raised in Middle Tennessee. We have two boys who play baseball and basketball. We love Middle Tennessee and look forward to hosting your family while you visit. If you need any help regarding your stay, do not hesitate to reach out.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
1261 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting