URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1691537038932987711
Latitude: 36.1486
Longitude: -86.7932
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Noir, a sleek Nashville hideaway tucked in the heart of Music Row. Soak up the sun by the pool, unwind in the lobby lounge, or relax in your modern living space before diving into the city’s nonstop energy. Spend the day exploring The Gulch, catch late-night fun on Broadway, or stroll through the vibrant campus area around Vanderbilt University. Whether you’re here for a weekend getaway, concerts, or a city escape, Noir puts you close to everything that makes Nashville unforgettable.

The space
⭐ Building Accommodations & Amenities:
- A quick 15-minute walk to Broadway, where live music spills onto the streets, rooftop bars stay buzzing, and every night turns into a story
- Unbeatable location just 1 minute from Vanderbilt University and 3 minutes from Belmont University, keeping you close to campus energy and everything around it
- Heated pool lined with loungers, cabanas, and skyline views—perfect for laid-back afternoons and easy evenings (open year-round 8 AM–10 PM, HOA discretion)
- Modern lobby lounge with comfortable seating and a built-in game area, designed for relaxing, connecting, and keeping the vibe going
- Fully equipped fitness and yoga center open from early morning to late night (5 AM–12 AM), so you can move on your schedule
- Pet-friendly building with a gated dog area and wash station, making it easy to bring your four-legged companion along
- Poolside lounge and cabanas available for private rentals, ideal for celebrations, gatherings, or adding something extra to your stay (inquire at booking)
- Secured building access with elevator entry for a smooth, convenient experience throughout your stay
- 24/7 front desk with hotel-style check-in, offering a seamless arrival and elevated feel from the moment you walk in

🛋️ Living Area:
- Inviting open living space designed for relaxing, recharging, and enjoying downtime between Nashville adventures
- Comfortable sofa seating paired with two stylish accent chairs creates the perfect setup for conversation, cocktails, or a cozy night in
- Smart TV ready for streaming your favorite shows, catching the big game, or setting the vibe after a night on Broadway
- Large coffee table with plenty of space for drinks, snacks, or board games while enjoying laid-back evenings indoors

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Bright and stylish kitchen space perfect for preparing snacks, late-night bites, or easy meals between Nashville adventures
- Contemporary finishes and stainless steel appliances give the space a polished, comfortable feel throughout your stay
- Outfitted with all the essentials including a full-size fridge, oven, 4-burner stovetop, microwave, dishwasher, and toaster for added convenience
- Charming café-style dining table for 2, great for slow mornings, happy hour drinks, or planning your next stop in the city
- Enjoy a fresh cup anytime with the Keurig coffee station stocked and ready for your stay
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 1 sponge, 2 paper towels, 2 regular coffees, 1 vanilla coffee, 1 decaf coffee, 4 condiments, 1 dish soap, and 2 teas

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom: Queen bed with a smart TV and closet space
*Additional Sleeping Arrangement: 1 sleeper sofa in the living area

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom: Single vanity with a stand-in shower

🚗 Parking:
- Paid street parking available
- Valet parking available

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
Located right on Music Row!
3 min walk: RCA Studio
10 min walk: Vanderbilt University
15 min walk: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
15 min walk: Broadway

- Driving Distance -
3 mins: 12 South
4 mins: Bongo Java
4 mins: Belmont Mansion
5 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
5 mins: The Gulch
5 mins: Belmont-Hillsboro
5 mins: Music City Center
5 mins: Frothy Monkey
6 mins: Midtown
6 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
6 mins: SOBRO
6 mins: The Blue Room
6 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
6 mins: Centennial Park
6 mins: The Parthenon
6 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
6 mins: The Filling Station
6 mins: Burger Up
7 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
7 mins: Geodis Park
8 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
9 mins: Tennessee State University
10 mins: McCabe Golf Course
14 mins: Nashville Zoo
16 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within two (2) hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Maximum of 1 pet under 35lbs each, $100 fee per pet required.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home and the shared amenities within the building.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms! 
        - Kitchen Starter Kit: 1 sponge, 2 paper towels, 2 regular coffees, 1 vanilla coffee, 1 decaf coffee, 4 condiments, 1 dish soap, and 2 teas
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
17857 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting