URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1162439400674311218
Latitude: 36.1642
Longitude: -86.6586
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Elvis East is a warm, whimsical, thoughtfully curated retreat where every detail is designed to make you feel comfortable, and just a little bit rock-n-roll. From the blue suede shoes at the door to the vinyl spinning on the record player, Elvis East blends nostalgia with modern convenience in a way that’s unforgettable.

Located minutes from Percy Priest Lake, BNA Airport, downtown Nashville, and Opryland, you're never far from the action—when you're here, it’s easy to kick back and relax.

The space
💎 THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR 💎

✔ Corporate & Business Travelers
Stay productive and comfortable with high-speed WiFi  a dedicated workspace, all in a professional and relaxing setting while only being less than 10 minutes away from BNA

✔ Friend Meetups
Reconnect with friends in a space built for good times. The ample common areas, flexible sleeping arrangements and game room are perfect for making new memories.

✔ Family Reunions
With plenty of space, a safe environment, and thoughtful amenities like our pack N Play, this home is designed for family-friendly fun.

✔ Concert & Event Goers
Skip the traffic! Our prime location offers quick and easy access to top venues, ensuring you never miss a beat.

💎 LIVING & DINING 💎

Entertainment includes HD TVs, a Sonos sound bar, and a record player with a vast vinyl collection. We also offer games, fun coffee table books, a dedicated workspace, keyless entry, and exterior security cameras for added peace of mind.

✔ Start with easy, free parking and a garage for your car with an included EV Charger! 

✔ Enjoy the garage game room with a foldaway ping-pong table that easily tucks out of the way whenever you need full parking access. + A smart TV, Bucaneer Pinball & Racing Simulator. 

✔ Fully Stocked Kitchen with lots of amenities including; paper towels, dish soap, dish washer pods, large garbage bags, small garbage bags and everyone's favorite COFFEE with an easy to use keurig. 

✔ Large spacious living room, A great place to catch up, binge your favorite series or just simply relax. There is plenty of room for everyone! 

✔ Not one, but two private balconies! 

✔ Enjoy climate control on every level, 

✔ A washer & dryer with laundry soap and dryer sheets

💎 BEDROOMS 💎

Sleep soundly in one of our 3 cozy bedrooms, all equipped with high-quality linens that are professionally cleaned and sanitized between every guest.

✔ Bedroom 1: Features our master suite, equipped with a king bed and a private attached bathroom for added convenience and privacy. Plus a pack 'n play for your little one.

✔ Bedroom 2: A tranquil retreat with a soft queen bed and an attached private ensuite with a stand up shower

✔ Bedroom 3: Features an easty to access main floor bedroom with a queen bed and a private attached bathroom with a tub shower combo. 

💎 WHAT’S CLOSE BY 💎

Explore the best of Nashville from our West Nashville location! You'll be close to the city's top attractions and local gems. 

✔ Phat Bites: A menu with personality, food that never feels phoned in, and the kind of place that makes
guests think, “How is this not talked about more?”
Weird in the best way, and reliably delicious.

✔ TennFold: This is the easy group dinner when nobody wants friction. Great pizza, strong salads, room to spread out, and a brewery feel that works whether you
want one beer or a full sit-down reset.

✔ BNA: Get to and from the airport without the traffic! A direct shot, only 3 miles away ( 10 minutes ) makes visiting music city effortless. 

✔ Located near downtown and amazing dining spots, this home is perfect for the modern traveler with a love for nostalgia. And don’t miss the chance to buy our artwork! Book now and embrace the rock-n-roll legacy!

Guest access
Full Access to Home with Limited Exceptions
Guests enjoy full access to the home with the exception of:

-Owner's Closet in the Kitchen
-Owner's Closet in the Primary Bedroom
-Owner's Lockers in the Garage

These areas are locked and private. All other spaces within the home are available for your comfort and enjoyment during your stay.

Other things to note
George Jetson's got nothing on us! We have an EV charger for our guests located in the garage, so you can charge up and explore the city.

Magic Door Locks: Our door locks are like magic—they know you and are happy to let you in and out without any hassle.

Lightning-Fast WiFi: Our WiFi is incredibly fast, perfect for work or for sneaking in a game or movie. Stay connected and productive, or just relax and enjoy.

Sound and Video: Sound, video, music, words, and all kinds of knowledge fly around Elvis East on a smoking-fast internet to keep up with the pace you demand.

Spotify Playlist: We even have our own Spotify playlist for your enjoyment. Tune in and enjoy some great tunes during your stay.

Games: Yes, we have UNO, with a Beatles tribute, of course. And an Xbox 360 with Forza Racing Wheel! Enjoy some classic fun with a musical twist.

Registration Details
2024045211

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kristin
Host User ID: 575631149
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/575631149
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I also am an Airbnb host
Born in the 60s
Where I went to school: Clemson University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
88 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting