URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1750850458097105018
Latitude: 36.1701
Longitude: -86.793
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Luxury 6-bedroom home with stunning skyline views near Germantown and Downtown Broadway bars. Each bedroom has a private ensuite bathroom and TV. Enjoy a private rooftop with a hot tub, lounge seating and high-top table, plus a game room with pool table, TV and wet bar. Walk to restaurants, coffee, shopping, bars, the Farmers Market and Bicentennial Park. High-end furnishings, gas fireplace, washer/dryer and dining area, plus a luxe primary bath with heated floors, bidet and heated toilet seats.

The space
HIGHLIGHTS: 

★ Incredible city skyline view 
★ 6 Bedrooms, each with their own ensuite bathroom & TV
★ 7 Beds - 2 King Beds, Queen over Queen Bunk Bed + 3 Queen Beds
★ 6 Full size bathrooms 
★ 2 Half size bathrooms with bidets and heated toilet seats
★ Primary bathroom has heated floors, bidet and a heated toilet seat
★ Game room with a Pool Table, Wet Bar & TV
★ Rooftop patio with hot tub, games + lounge seating 
★ Gas fireplace in living room
★ Smart TVs in all bedrooms, living room, and pool table room
★ Free street parking
★ Kitchen island with seating 
★ Workspace area with desk and chair
★ Dining room + table 
★ Walk to the Nashville Farmer's Market, Sounds Baseball Stadium, restaurants, coffee shops, bars, live music and shopping / groceries
★ Located next to family-friendly Bicentennial Park, in the heart of Germantown
★ Less than 1 mile to the Downtown area
★ Washer/Dryer 
★ Fully equipped kitchen for all of your cooking needs
★ Plenty of closet space to store your belongings
★ High-speed internet
★ Hair dryers, shampoo, conditioner and body wash provided
★ Steamer for your clothes
★ Drip coffee machine + coffee provided
★ Adjustable thermostat
★ Custom LED lightning 
★ White oak cabinetry and millwork 
★ Plaster wall coverings
★ Hassle-free check-in with no keys, just codes

BEDS: 
Bedroom 1: King Bed on 2nd floor
Bedroom 2: Queen Bed on 3rd floor
Bedroom 3: Queen Bed on 3rd floor
Bedroom 4: Queen over Queen Bunk Bed on 1st floor
Bedroom 5: Queen Bed on 1st floor
Bedroom 6: King Bed on 1st floor

BATHROOMS:
Bathroom 1: Full-size with standing shower and heated floors, connected to bedroom 1
Bathroom 2: Full-size with standing shower, connected to bedroom 2
Bathroom 3: Full-size with standing shower, connected to bedroom 3
Bathroom 4: Full-size with standing shower, connected to bedroom 4
Bathroom 5:  Full-size with shower/tub combo, connected to bedroom 5
Bathroom 6: Full-size with standing shower, connected to bedroom 6
Bathroom 7: Half bath on main floor off the kitchen
Bathroom 8: Half bath on top floor 

NO parties or locals guests allowed to book this property. Only the number of guests listed with the reservation allowed at the property at all times. This is monitored with outside cameras. 

After a fun day out exploring Nashville, come back to relax in this inviting, centrally-located luxury home. All aspects of our home were thoughtfully designed with high-end furnishings. Spend your downtime in the cozy living room, playing pool with friends, or relax in the hot tub on our rooftop patio. The airport is only about 15 minutes away, and there are plenty of affordable Ubers, Lyft and taxis available. Our home is in a great location to enjoy all the things that Nashville has to offer.

ClOSE TO (alphabetical order):

★ Bicentennial Park
★ Bridgestone Arena (Predators)
★ Brooklyn Bowl Music Venue
★ Country Music Hall of Fame
★ Country Music Television (CMT)
★ Nashville Farmers Market
★ Germantown
★ Honky Tonks
★ Marathon Music Works
★ Music City Center (Convention Center)
★ Musicians Hall of Fame & Museum 
★ Printer’s Alley
★ Restaurants such as Butchertown Hall, Rolf & Daughters, Sonny's Sports Bar, Fifth & Taylor, Henrietta Red, Emmy Squared Pizza, and so much more!
★ Ryman Auditorium
★ Sounds Minor League Baseball Stadium
★ Tennessee Performing Arts Center (TPAC)
★ Tennessee State Capitol.

At SkyShare Management, hospitality is what we do best. With 15+ years of property management experience, we combine professionalism with a personal touch to make every stay effortless and enjoyable.

Our team provides fast, friendly guest support through Airbnb messaging, seamless check-in with arrival details and access codes provided in advance, and local recommendations to help you discover the best spots and hidden gems the city has to offer.

Permit #2026066354

Guest access
You will have the entire house to yourself.

Other things to note
Nashville is growing at a quick rate. There may be some construction happening near the home. 

Early check in times selected through the app are not applicable. If you would like early check in, you must message us.

All pets must be approved by us in advance of your booking.

There are numerous sets of stairs in this home. You will have to use stairs to enter all floors.

This is a townhome, with another unit connected to it.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amy
Host User ID: 416033925
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/416033925
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I am an experienced Airbnb host. I have been renting out homes through Airbnb for over 15 years. My team and I are excited to host you and make this a memorable trip. If there's anything we can do to make your stay more enjoyable, please don't hesitate to reach out!
Fun fact: I love to travel and meet new people!
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
11408 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting