URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/15020186
Latitude: 36.17343
Longitude: -86.79559
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover 5-Star luxury 1.5 miles from Downtown Nashville at Chateau on Monroe. Enjoy Nashville's best attractions, then retreat to your own private haven to relax in style inside or grill and chill on the huge deck outside. Super Hosts Max and Cindy ensure a personalized, memorable stay. Dive into the heart of Music City with us and make your Nashville adventure unforgettable!

The space
Chateau on Monroe: Revived Historic Luxury Sleeps 12 – Your Nashville Dream Escape

Picture this: In 2016, Cindy spotted a huge rundown vacant house. Fueled by a vision, she turned it into a stunning swan through sheer passion and sweat. Now it's your 5-star private haven, just 1.5 miles from downtown Nashville's energy. Located in peaceful Buena Vista, historic Germantown's eats and shops are well within walking distance. Need even more convenience? An easy 5 minute stroll takes you to the newly reopened and totally renovated Kroger for all your grocery needs, complete with its own Starbucks.

Claim the entire upper floor: Private entrance, soaring vaulted great room, gourmet kitchen for group feasts, three spa-like ensuite baths, king/queen suites, and a playful loft for six extra snoozers. Grill and chill on the massive 40-ft deck with city glimpses—ideal for laughs under the stars or peaceful morning coffee.

Max and I live downstairs but vanish for your privacy (locked common door, private entrance in back, no shared spots). We're on call for that extra magic: Pre-arrival grocery runs, insider dining tips, luggage hold, or flexible check-ins/outs when possible. Craving authentic Music City? Tour Max's gold-record studio or book a private songwriter concert—guests rave that it's unforgettable.

Key perks:
Luxe linens & memory foam for epic rest
Self check-in with smart lock
Fenced and Gated Back Yard and Parking Area
Free parking for 2 vehicles (3 if you scrunch in)
High-speed WiFi
Full laundry with Washer/dryer on site

Tailored for bachelorettes, families, reunions—make all the inside noise you want. We're used to it, and our 200+ 5-star groups are proof!

Renovating this place was like herding cats in a honky-tonk—chaotic, but oh-so-worth-it for vibes like these!

Ready to fall in love like I did? Book your slice of Nashville magic today!

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire second floor with private entrance, second floor deck with beautiful views, and a back yard with off-street parking.
Our keyless entry and gated backyard parking make it easy for you to come and go, while providing a higher level of security so you can rest easy and enjoy your stay!

Other things to note
These  items generate the most questions from guests: 

1. Owners Max and Cindy do live downstairs. Guests understandably have questions about this, often concerned that their noise might disturb us. We can assure you that you will not disturb us. We want our guests to have fun inside. Crank up the music, laugh, yell, laugh some more. We're used to it! Having us downstairs means that on the rare occasion when something is not working properly or missing (or you just want to borrow a cup of sugar) we're just a text or a door knock away. 

2. There are stairs. Once inside, a stairway takes you up to Chateau on Monroe. The entire unit is located on the second floor with the exception of the sleeping loft, which is accessed via a spiral staircase. 

3. We're happy to offer off-street parking in back, which has room for two or more cars and is accessed via the alley. The backyard and parking pad are fenced and fully enclosed with a gated entry.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Max
Host User ID: 4024290
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/4024290
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My husband Max and I are proud to call Nashville home. We are fans of great food and wine, time with family and friends, and of course Titans Football, Predators Hockey and Sounds Baseball. Our lives are enriched by exploring new cultures and meeting interesting people along life's journey…

We love trying new local restaurants. Our latest find is walking to Sunday Brunch at Silo. The Mimosas and Huevos Rancheros are delicious. 

Max is a singer songwriter who has an RIAA Gold Record for his hit single, “From Where I’m Sitting,”  recorded by Gary Allan.  I'm a real estate investor who loves renovating and building houses. The spring 2017 completion of Chateau on Monroe is the fulfillment of our latest dream: providing guests from around the world an exceptional hosting experience as they explore everything our beloved city has to offer, served up with a heaping portion of good ole southern hospitality. 
When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville local! As hosts, we strive to be human libraries of visitor information: we know where to eat, how to find can't-miss attractions, what tourist traps to avoid, the best cultural and historic sites, etc. We will help you build your personal list of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
10 years hosting
79 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting