URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1759761764514942617
Latitude: 36.1444
Longitude: -86.8144
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a comfortable stay in this 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment located just minutes from Nashville’s most popular destinations. Ideal for families, groups, and business travelers, this home offers quick access to Downtown Nashville, Broadway, Vanderbilt University, and major hospitals, while being tucked away from the busy tourist areas

The space
This well-designed apartment comfortably sleeps up to 6 guests and is perfect for both short visits and extended stays.
	•	3 private bedrooms, each with a queen bed
	•	2 full bathrooms — ideal for groups
	•	Clean, simple, modern design
	•	Spacious living area to relax after a day exploring the city

Location & Distance to Top Attractions

You’ll love how close you are to everything Nashville has to offer:
	•	10–12 minutes to Downtown Nashville & Broadway
	•	5–10 minutes to Vanderbilt University & Vanderbilt University Medical Center
	•	Minutes to major hospitals and medical centers
	•	Close to Midtown, The Gulch, West End, shopping, dining, and coffee shops
	•	Easy access to main roads and ride-share services

This location allows you to enjoy Music City without the noise or congestion of staying downtown.

Amenities
	•	Fully equipped kitchen
	•	Fast Wi-Fi
	•	Comfortable common areas
	•	Great layout for families, friends, and work travel

Perfect For

✔️ Nashville weekend trips
✔️ Families visiting Vanderbilt or hospitals
✔️ Concerts, events, and sporting games
✔️ Business travelers
✔️ Longer stays

If you’re looking for a clean, comfortable, and centrally located Nashville Airbnb, this apartment is an excellent choice.

Book now and enjoy a convenient, stress-free stay in Music City.

Other things to note
Please note: This apartment is located on the third floor and requires climbing flights of stairs.

Early Check-In Fees
Check-in time is from 4:00pm-1:00am. Additional fees may apply depending on your requested check-in time between 12:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. A full nightly rate will apply for any check-in before 12:00 p.m.

Late Check-Out Fees 
Check-out time is 10:00 a.m. Additional fees may apply depending on your requested check-out time between 10am and 1pm. A full nightly rate will apply for any check-out after 1:00 p.m. 

All early check-in and late check-out requests must be approved in advance and confirmed in writing by our team, and are subject to availability. 

Parking
We have a parking space available for rent at $5/day. Please let us know before your arrival if you would like to reserve it.

Smoking is strictly prohibited inside the property. A $500 fine will be imposed if smoking is confirmed or if lingering smoke odors are detected.

For Your Safety & Peace of Mind
To help keep our home and all guests safe, we use a secure identity verification service called Truvi. It’s a quick, one-time process that helps ensure everyone who stays with us is verified—protecting you, your reservation, and the property. After you book, you’ll receive a text message from Truvi with a secure link to complete the verification. It only takes a minute and helps us maintain a trusted, safe environment for all guests. Thank you for helping us keep our space welcoming and secure!

By booking this reservation, you consent to receive calls and/or text messages from us and our third-party messaging and calling service regarding your stay, including check-in details, property access, and time-sensitive matters. Please be advised that all phone communications may be recorded for quality assurance, training, and security purposes.

Pet-friendly: $7 per dog per night (maximum of 2), plus a $99 pet cleaning fee.

Guests are required to submit a photo of the dog(s) they will be bringing prior to arrival.

Please note that any damage caused by pets (including chewing on items or defecating on furniture, linens, or other areas) will be subject to additional charges.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kathy
Host User ID: 386642504
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/386642504
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
My work: fitness advisor
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
3 years hosting
859 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting