URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/674736390816097045
Latitude: 36.1537
Longitude: -86.7752
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Some penthouses overlook a city. This one makes you feel like you own it.

The skyline fills every window, shifting from morning gold to evening copper to the glittering black of Nashville at night. Mornings at the rooftop saltwater pool. The Ryman, Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and the Convention Center all within walking distance. The rest of the world, temporarily irrelevant.

Exclusively designed by a local Nashville artist for those who refuse to settle. Come once. Come back always.

The space
★ "Abby was a true gem. Rare in her kindness and care, and felt like a friend, not just an Airbnb host."

★ "We couldn't ask for a better AirBnB. The Penthouse was stunning, with spectacular views of the city, especially at night all lit up.... Abby went above and beyond to make our stay at the Penthouse absolutely fantastic. The penthouse was close to everything, Broadway, Grande Ole Opry, airport and many amazing restaurants to choose from....Definitely 5 stars!"

"For those wanting serene sophistication. Tasteful touches of world elements play seamlessly with timeless retro notes."
— Natalie Rose Sinclair, designer

On site, reserved parking is available for $35 nightly.

This penthouse has a soul. Nashville artist Natalie Rose Sinclair put it there. You feel the intention before you can name it, from the mural on the wall to the last carefully chosen finish.

The floor-to-ceiling windows run the length of the penthouse. The Nashville skyline fills every one. It's the kind of view that changes your plans for the evening.

Sleep comes easily here. The queen Nectar mattress with NectarCool Technology and cooling pillows was chosen with intention, paired with Sun Zero blackout curtains that turn any hour into sleeping hour. For the second sleeping space, a Lourenco queen sofa bed with a 4-inch gel memory foam mattress. The rare sofa bed that actually delivers. Lastly, enjoy the luxurious Twin Milliard Signature Premier folding bed.
This penthouse sleeps four exquisitely.

The kitchen is fully stocked. The bathroom comes supplied with shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and black washcloths. Charging ports placed where you need them. Pool towels and a rolling cooler ready for the rooftop. Fast wifi throughout. 43-inch Roku TVs (bedroom and living room). In-unit washer and dryer.

Step outside and the building continues the story. A rooftop saltwater pool. Sky lounges with panoramic views. Outdoor fire pits and grills. A full fitness center with yoga and cycling studio.

Step outside the front door and Nashville is yours on foot. The Music City Convention Center, a five minute walk. Broadway, the Ryman, and Bridgestone Arena, ten minutes in any direction. The honky tonks, the Hall of Fame, the best restaurants in the city. No need for a car. Perfect for  planned outings, spontaneous adventures, or a peaceful night in.

Nashville International Airport is ten minutes away by car, for when the time finally comes.

Guest access
From the moment you arrive, the building is yours to explore. The lobby, courtyard, rooftop saltwater pool (available from 9AM-dusk), sky lounge, fitness center, and yoga and cycling studio are all included in your stay. Come and go as you please.

Parking is available for $35 per night in a reserved, gated spot. Just let us know and we will handle the rest.

Shared amenities are managed by the building and subject to occasional maintenance. While closures are rare, they are outside our control and not eligible for refunds.

Other things to note
Sentral SoBro sits in one of downtown Nashville's quieter pockets, and at penthouse level, the city hum fades considerably. That said, Nashville is a growing, electric city and downtown construction is part of that story. Work typically runs Monday through Friday beginning around 7am. We provide earplugs and sound machine options via QR code for those who prefer an extra layer of quiet. Noise outside the building is beyond our control and not eligible for refunds.

Registration Details
STR Permit #2022056649

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Abby
Host User ID: 22571564
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/22571564
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Abby—founder of Soundtrack Stays and a longtime Nashville local. After years in healthcare and music, I created a small collection of thoughtfully designed homes where guests feel truly cared for. 
Our award-winning team has earned hundreds of 5-star reviews for spotless spaces, clear communication, and homes that are exactly as pictured. Expect easy self check-in, quick support if needed, and insider Nashville tips to help you experience the city like a local.
My work: Airbnb Host
Most useless skill: I'm a cat whisperer
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
864 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting