URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1254515423337807358
Latitude: 36.19447
Longitude: -86.77752
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Completely renovated May 2024!

Indulge in the best Nashville skyline views from our spacious 3BR/3.5BA home. Enjoy a private rooftop balcony with a fire pit, fully equipped kitchen, central heat & AC, and one of the best home design/furnishings in Nashville. Safe neighborhood, FREE secure parking, and a free onsite washer + dryer. Only 8 minutes to Broadway, 5 minutes to downtown, and 15min to the airport! 

Book now to get your Music City adventure under way!

The space
Welcome to our spacious and modern multi-level home, perfect for large groups and families. With 3 bedrooms, 3.5 bathrooms, and a host of amenities, this is the ideal place for your vacation getaway! Whether you're relaxing in the comfortable sitting areas or enjoying the private rooftop, you'll find everything you need for a memorable stay!

Nestled in an extremely safe neighborhood, our 1,750ft² (162 m²) home offers everything you need for a relaxing stay. Here are some of the key features:

✮ Rooftop Retreat: Enjoy the private rooftop balcony with a fire pit, offering a perfect setting for stargazing or a cozy evening with friends and family.
✮ Ample Sleeping Arrangements: With 7 total beds, including the couch and air mattress, there's room for everyone.
✭ Culinary Comfort: Our fully equipped and well-stocked kitchen includes a Keurig coffee maker for your morning brew.
✮ Central Heat & AC: Stay comfortable with our central heating and air conditioning system. No matter the weather outside, you'll be just the right temperature inside.
✭ Safety First: Rest easy in an extremely safe neighborhood.
✮ Parking: The garage is available for parking, but if you prefer to utilize the party garage, convenient street parking is also available.
✭ Laundry Convenience: We offer an onsite washer and dryer for your laundry needs.

Experience dreamy nights with thoughtfully curated sleeping arrangements:

✮ Bedroom 1 (First floor): This spacious room features 2 Queen beds, perfect for a group of friends or family. On the same floor, you will find the first full bathroom.
✮ Bedroom 2 (Second floor): This bedroom boasts a luxurious King bed and an attached full bathroom for added privacy.
✮ Bedroom 3 (Second floor): This room offers 2 Queen beds. There's also a full bathroom right next door in the hallway for added convenience.

Let's delve into what makes the third floor truly extraordinary:

✭ Living Room: The third floor houses a cozy living room with a couch and air mattress, providing extra sleeping space if needed.
✭ Dining Room: Gather around the dining table for meals or board games with a view.
✭ Kitchen: Prepare your favorite dishes in our fully equipped kitchen, and enjoy them on the balcony.
✭ Half Bathroom: No need to rush – there's a convenient half bathroom right on the third floor.

Explore the city with ease, thanks to the following distances to local attractions:

𖡡 Downtown Nashville - 2.8 miles
𖡡 Broadway Nashville - 5.4 miles
𖡡 The Gulch - 5.5 miles
𖡡 Music City Center - 3.3 miles
𖡡 Bridgestone Arena - 3 miles
𖡡 Nissan Stadium - 2.1 miles
𖡡 Nashville International Airport - 9.4 miles
𖡡 Gaylord Opryland Resort - 8.8 miles
𖡡 Vanderbilt University - 6 miles
𖡡 Belmont University - 6.4 miles

Whether you're planning a family reunion, a group vacation, or a tranquil getaway, our well-appointed home offers all the comforts and space you need. Don't miss the opportunity — book your stay now and make your next trip truly unforgettable!

Guest access
During your stay, you'll enjoy exclusive access to the entire home, providing you with a private and personalized experience. From the moment you arrive, the space is all yours to explore, relax, and make lasting memories. With no shared spaces or interruptions, you have the freedom to truly unwind and embrace the comfort of having the entire home at your disposal!

Other things to note
Please keep in mind that you're staying in a house, offering a more personal experience than a traditional hotel. Please treat the space with respect. If any concerns arise, we will do our best to address them promptly, but please note that there is no one living on site 24/7.

Let's strive to be exceptional neighbors during your stay! Our aim, both for you and our valued neighbors, is to foster a harmonious living environment. Please be considerate by maintaining a reasonable noise level indoors and outdoors at all times. In the event of noise-related complaints from our neighbors, we may need to withhold a portion of your security deposit as a measure of accountability.

Local guests MUST contact us prior to booking.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

Registration Details
2019051882

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4599 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting