URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1456695423929442315
Latitude: 36.1566
Longitude: -86.8171
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The NashPad! Just 5 mins from downtown Nashville, this stylish home sleeps 12 with 4 bedrooms, 4 baths, 6 smart TVs, and a fully equipped designer kitchen. Enjoy skyline sunsets from the rooftop, gather in spacious living areas, and have fun in the game room with ping pong, foosball, and air hockey. Perfect for group getaways, bachelorettes, or family trips — your Music City escape starts here!

The space
Modern Luxury ★ Rooftop & Game Room Fun

Welcome to your stylish Nashville escape! This spacious home features high-end designer finishes throughout — from hardwood floors and granite countertops to stainless steel appliances and custom lighting.

✔️ 4 bedrooms - great for large groups!
• 1 King
• 4 Queen beds
• 3 Twin rollaway beds in bedroom closets for flexible sleeping
• 1 Queen air mattress

✔️Layout:
1st Floor- 2 Queen beds with private ensuite, laundry room, garage game room with ping pong, air hockey, and foosball
2nd Floor- Living room, Dining room, Full kitchen, Primary bedroom with king bed, Full bathroom
3rd Floor- Queen Bedroom with private ensuite, Queen Bedroom with full bath, private balcony

✔️ Fully stocked modern kitchen – gas range, stainless steel appliances, and everything you need to cook and entertain
✔️ Converted garage game room – ping pong, foosball & more
✔️ Rooftop terrace – perfect for sunset views and gathering
✔️ 6 Smart TVs – stream your favorite shows in any room
✔️ Free street parking – usually plentiful right out front and on nearby side streets

All of this makes for a perfect home base for families, groups, or corporate stays.

Prime Location ★ Easy Access to Music City Hotspots

You’re just minutes from Nashville’s best attractions, restaurants, and nightlife. Uber or Lyft puts everything within easy reach:

2–4 Minutes:
• The Parthenon & Centennial Park
• Climb Nashville
• Dozens of great restaurants, bars & breweries

5–8 Minutes:
• Broadway & Honky Tonk Central
• The Gulch
• Nissan Stadium (Titans games – join our tailgate!)
• Bridgestone Arena (Predators hockey, concerts)
• Top Golf
• First Tennessee Park (Nashville Sounds)
• Ascend Amphitheater
• Ryman Auditorium

10–15 Minutes:
• Nashville International Airport (BNA)
• Gaylord Opryland Resort & The Grand Ole Opry

You can even walk to Pastaria, Avo, Sump Coffee, Sandbar and the Nashville Brewing Company – all under 10 minutes on foot!

Property Permit Number: #2021007001

Come enjoy the perfect mix of location, comfort, and fun — your unforgettable Nashville stay starts here.

Guest access
You'll receive a personalized access code before check-in for smooth, keyless entry. During your stay, you’ll have full access to the entire home — all living spaces, bedrooms, the rooftop terrace, and the game room are yours to enjoy. Access will end promptly at check-out time.

Other things to note
4 bedrooms - Sleeps up to 14
• 1 King
• 4 Queen beds
• 3 Twin rollaway beds in bedroom closets for flexible sleeping
• 1 Queen air mattress

Please note: This home contains pull-out couches; however, they are not available for guest use and should not be used as beds. Due to repeated damage from prior guests, the pull-out function has been permanently disabled and is no longer considered an amenity of this property.

CHECK-IN: 4PM & CHECK-OUT 10AM:
We may be able to provide an early check-in or a late check-out for an additional fee only if our schedule allows and hosts pre-approve in advance. The early check-in or late check-out additional accommodations start at $200. 

NO LOCALS:
This home is intended for traveling guests only. Local reservations are not accepted. We reserve the right to cancel any reservation without refund of any local who books our home. Thank you! 

GUESTS WILL NEED TO USE STAIRS:
This 3-story home has many stairs. Guests will need to use stairs during their stay. We are happy to host children, but it's important to note that our home is not childproofed and has many stairs. Please supervise children at all times.

A lot of time, care, and money has been put into this home that we LOVE. We only want to have the best guests who will respect our property and neighbors. If you've made it this far on the listing and have questions, please send us an inquiry!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dylan
Host User ID: 667320951
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/667320951
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lead Property Manager for Stay Nashville, LLC. 

A bit about me, I’m married to my beautiful wife Rylee and we have a daughter named Mabel. I’m passionate about my church, Holy Saints, CrossFit, and enjoying life to the fullest. I love to read, explore new ideas, and explore new places, especially when it means being outdoors. My faith is my foundation, and I strive to live for the Lord daily. Life’s a thrilling ride, and I’m here to embrace it all with gratitude!.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Lipscomb University
2 years hosting