URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1024651572430579396
Latitude: 36.147
Longitude: -86.8166
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into the cozy embrace of Savanna, a charming 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom haven nestled in the vibrant heart of Midtown Nashville. Radiating modern simplicity with inviting warmth, this residence promises the perfect blend of comfort and style for your Nashville escape. Enjoy modern comfort and easy access to Nashville’s top attractions from this unbeatable Midtown location.

The space
⭐ Building Accommodations & Amenities:
- Prime Midtown location in the heart of Nashville
- Just a 2-minute stroll to beautiful Centennial Park
- Only a 4-minute drive to the bright lights and live music of Broadway
- Private balcony perfect for morning coffee or evening unwinding
- Year-round resort-style pool (open 8 am – 8 pm, subject to HOA discretion)
- Communal poolside area featuring a cozy fire pit, BBQ grill, and lounge seating for relaxing and socializing
- State-of-the-art fitness center for your daily workouts
- Smart TVs in both the living room and primary bedroom for easy streaming
- In-unit washer & dryer for added convenience during your stay
- Elevator access for smooth, easy movement throughout the building

🛋️ Living Areas:
- Open-Floor Living Areas
- Floor-to-Ceiling Windows with Abundant Natural Light
- Comfortable Designer Sofa
- Smart TV
- Stylish Décor & Thoughtful Finishes
- Private Patio

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Fully Equipped Kitchen
- Stainless Steel Appliances
- Fridge, Dishwasher, Oven, 4-Burner Stove, Microwave & Toaster
- Bar Seating for 3 guests
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom (2nd Floor): 1 Queen Bed with Smart TV, Large Walk-in Closet, and En-suite Bathroom
- 2nd Bedroom (2nd Floor): 1 Queen Bed and Closet Space
*Additional Sleeping: Twin-size Futon in the Living Room

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom (2nd Floor): Single Vanity, Large Walk-in Shower, and En-suite Bedroom
- 2nd Bathroom (2nd Floor): Single Vanity, Shower/Tub Combo, and Jack-n-Jill En-suite Bedroom
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper

🚗 Parking:
- First-come, first-served parking garage located behind the building

❗️Notes to Guests & Important Details:
- The pool is open year-round, but may close due to extreme weather. Hours of operation are from 8 am to 8 pm.
- This unit is located on the 2nd floor, and the building does have an elevator to take you to each floor.
- We offer multiple rooms for this building, each designed to provide a beautiful/comfortable place to stay. While our rooms remain consistent, the layout, size, and design may vary.
- This is an upcoming neighborhood, so there is nearby construction for surrounding buildings. Depending on your length of stay and booking dates, guest may experience nearby construction noise.
- Please note that GNS is not responsible for monitoring the parking garage.

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance - 
2 min walk: Centennial Park
4 min walk: The Parthenon
5 min walk: Taylor Swift Bench
5 min walk: The Local Nashville
5 min walk: BrickTop's
5 min walk: Bombay Palace
6 min walk: Red's Hot Chicken
6 min walk: Newk's Eatery
6 min walk: Maggiano s Little Italy
7 min walk: Starbucks
7 min walk: J Alexander's Restaurant
10 min walk: Vanderbilt University
10 min walk: SandBar Nashville
10 min walk: Avo
13 min walk: Martin's Bar-B-Que

- Driving Distance - 
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
4 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
4 mins: Broadway
4 mins: Midtown
4 mins: Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
4 mins: Tennessee State University
5 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
5 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
5 mins: Music Row
5 mins: RCA Studio
5 mins: Bongo Java
6 mins: Fat Bottom Brewing Co
6 mins: Belmont Mansion
6 mins: Frothy Monkey
6 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Club
7 mins: The Nations
7 mins: Belmont-Hillsboro
7 mins: McCabe Golf Course
7 mins: The Gulch
7 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
7 mins: 12 South
7 mins: The Filling Station
8 mins: Germantown
8 mins: Geodis Park
8 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
9 mins: Music City Center
12 mins: Nashville Zoo
18 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within two (2) hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville Permit issued in 2023, followed by:‭2023072164

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire space!

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms! 
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

Registration Details
2023072164

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
18090 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting