URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1403024707910801203
Latitude: 36.1453
Longitude: -86.7868
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Rooftop downtown views, a firepit, and a built-in grill make The High Note the perfect Nashville getaway. This stylish 3-bedroom townhome features a gourmet kitchen, spacious dining area, a cozy living room with an electric fireplace, and a rooftop terrace with lounge seating, TV, and games. Just a short walk to The Gulch and minutes from Broadway, it's perfect for family vacations, group getaways, celebrations, and business retreats. 🌆

The space
Things You'll Love: 

Rooftop Oasis
◆ Spectacular downtown views
◆ Cozy lounge area with couches, chairs, swing seats, firepit & smart TV
◆ Large outdoor dining table for 6
◆ Outdoor kitchen with built-in grill
◆ Games galore—cornhole, giant Connect Four, Jenga, and more!

Inside the Home
◆ Walk to the Gulch!
◆ Thoughtfully designed by a local decorator
◆ Ensuite bathrooms + Smart TVs in every bedroom
◆ Living room with electric fireplace & Smart TV
◆ Spacious dining table with seating for 6
◆ High-speed WiFi throughout
◆ Private washer & dryer
◆ 2-car garage + additional parking space in front
◆ Dog-friendly – $150 pet fee per stay for up to 2 dogs (no breed or weight restrictions)

Sleeping Arrangements: 
First Floor
◆ Bedroom 1 - Queen Bed with Ensuite Bathroom

Second Floor
◆ Living Room - Sofa Bed with Half Bathroom

Third Floor
◆ Bedroom 2 - Queen Bunk Bed + Queen trundle (3 Queen Beds) with Ensuite bathroom
◆ Bedroom 3 - King Bed with Ensuite Bathroom + Twin Rollaway bed

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The High Note for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Please note: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5412 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting