URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/665786001514681569
Latitude: 36.2055
Longitude: -86.8108
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 13
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to WALLENS WORLD! Brand new luxury home with 14 beds! Beautiful skyline views from the rooftop deck along with a baller gamer room!

The space
Welcome to Wallens World – Your Ultimate Nashville Getaway!

Step into Wallens World, a spacious, vibrant 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom home that offers the perfect mix of relaxation, fun, and entertainment. With 14 beds, a private rooftop, a game room featuring a pool table and karaoke, and plenty of space for your group to spread out, this home is ideal for bachelor and bachelorette parties, friend groups, or anyone looking for an unforgettable Nashville experience. Located just minutes from downtown, it’s your base for everything Music City has to offer!

Key Features:
🏙 Private Rooftop with Amazing Views
Enjoy breathtaking views of the Nashville skyline from your own private rooftop. Whether you’re soaking up the sun, having a drink with friends, or simply watching the sunset, the rooftop is the perfect place to unwind and take in the sights of the city.

🎮 Game Room – Where Fun Never Ends
Get ready for endless fun in the game room! Challenge your friends to a game of pool or belt out your favorite tunes on the karaoke machine. This space is designed for group entertainment, so whether you’re competing for the best score or having a dance-off, it’s the ultimate hangout spot.

🍳 Fully Equipped Kitchen & Dining
The gourmet kitchen comes complete with high-end appliances, ample counter space, and a large island that’s perfect for prepping meals or gathering for drinks. 

🛏 4 Spacious Bedrooms – Sleeps 14
With 14 beds spread across 4 beautifully designed bedrooms, there’s plenty of space for everyone to have a comfortable night’s sleep.

Master Suite: King bed, and queen bed, ensuite bathroom equipped with a huge shower, and double vanity.

Second Bedroom: 2 queen-sized beds, private bathroom.

Third Bedroom: 6 twin beds and a private bathroom with walk in shower. 

Fourth Bedroom: 2 twin beds with a private bathroom

Each room is designed with comfort and style in mind, offering plush bedding and plenty of space to relax after a day of exploring Nashville.

🛁 4 Bathrooms for Maximum Comfort
Each of the 4 bathrooms is designed with modern touches, offering sleek fixtures, spacious showers, and premium bath products. There’s more than enough space for everyone to get ready at their own pace.

🌆 Prime Nashville Location
Wallens World is just a short drive away from downtown Nashville, where you can dive into the city’s vibrant music scene, dine at world-class restaurants, and experience iconic landmarks like the Grand Ole Opry, Broadway, and more. Whether you’re in town for a concert or a night out, everything is within easy reach.

🚗 Convenient Parking & Easy Access
With private parking available for multiple vehicles, getting to and from Nashville’s top attractions is a breeze. The home is also located in a peaceful neighborhood that ensures privacy while still being close to the action.

Why You’ll Love Wallens World
Massive Space for Groups: With 14 beds and 4 bathrooms, Wallens World comfortably accommodates large groups or families.

Entertainment Galore: Whether you’re hosting a karaoke party or playing a round of pool, the game room is designed to keep everyone entertained.

Stunning Views: The private rooftop is a perfect spot to enjoy the Nashville skyline with your group.

Modern Comfort: The home is fully equipped with everything you need for a luxurious and relaxing stay.

Book Your Stay at Wallens World Today!

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional. To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

Guest access
Entire home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting