URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/568099016199460137
Latitude: 36.1469
Longitude: -86.7953
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Nestled between Vanderbilt's campus and Music Row, the Music Row Manor serves as a perfect spot for the quiet family or reserved group looking for a getaway in Music City. What's more, you will be staying on the historic campus of Scarritt Bennett Center, a non profit retreat center.

• Set up for families & mellow groups
• 3 Full Bathrooms
• Hi-Speed WiFi
• Washer & Dryer 
• Walkable to restaurants & bars
• Free parking

*No parties, drinking, or smoking. This is a 100% dry property.*

The space
Please read our listing fully. We want you to enjoy your stay just as much as you do.

*No parties, drinking, or smoking. This is a 100% dry property.*

The manor sits on the corner of the historic Scarritt Bennett Campus. It serves as the perfect spot for a getaway with family & mellow friends! You can easily go out and explore all the city has to offer and feel at ease knowing that you have a comfortable & cozy place to land after a busy day of exploring. 

Our manor offers an abundant kitchen, a TV in every bedroom, homey furniture, and spacious areas to hang out. There are 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms in this home. On the first floor you will find a queen bedroom and bathroom that are both handicap accessible. The air mattress and extra sheets can be found in the hall closet and set up in the living room! The second floor has another queen room, a king room, and the last room has two twin beds! Two more bathrooms can also be found on the second floor!  
 
Key House Rules to consider before booking: 
• No alcohol 
• No smoking
• No pets
• No parties

The home is heavily monitored. If your group does not plan to abide by the above rules, please kindly do not book our home. 

So what is Scarritt Bennett Center? 

Scarritt Bennett Center is a nonprofit conference, retreat, and transformative education center. It’s history dates back to the late 19th century when it was first established as the Scarritt College for Christian Workers. The college sought to train young women missionaries in a time when women were still prohibited from many forms of leadership. The college eventually became co-ed, and in 1952 it became one of the first white, private colleges in the state of Tennessee to integrate. Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. famously visited the college and preached in its historic Wightman Chapel on April 25, 1957. Scarritt College operated from 1892 up until 1988 when it became the home of the now nonprofit organization, Scarritt Bennett Center. 
 
Today, Scarritt Bennett Center’s mission is “to create space where individuals and groups engage each other to achieve a more just world.” The center is property of the Women’s Division of the United Methodist Church. Expect to see the United Methodist Women on campus throughout the year for board meetings, chapter workshops, and retreats. The campus also regularly hosts conferences, private events, weddings, and elopements.

Scarritt Bennett Center offers a variety of programming across the year that are free and open to the public, including poetry readings, live jazz music, chapel services, and more. Guests staying on campus are encouraged to participate in all that the campus has to offer - after you have booked, please inquire for more info about these campus activities.

Guest access
You and your guests will have access to the entire house and the ability to explore the Scarritt Bennett campus!

Other things to note
→ No alcohol on campus or in the home
→ No smoking on campus or in the home
→ No parties allowed on campus or in the home
 
This property is not the right fit if:
→ You’re looking for a modern building with updated features. Our home is modest and the building is frankly, not new. For some it’s not the right fit, for others it’s an experience with a bit of character. This is a historic manor. 
→ You’re up to no good. Our property is heavily surveilled. We are serious about no alcohol, smoking, no parties. You will be fined and required to leave immediately if found to break any of our house rules.
 
Misc details:
→ Please respect social distancing while on campus.
→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that an early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.
→  Regarding the unit: Max occupancy is 10 people (8 can comfortably sleep in beds and 2 on the air mattress). There is a washer and dryer in the home. Central Heat and Air. Travel-sized toiletries, a hairdryer, iron, and ironing board are provided. A drip coffee maker and basic kitchenware are also provided. Guests are responsible to provide any additional amenities desired such as additional toilet paper.
→ There is parking available behind the home however the entry is steep and a touch skinny.  2 cars can comfortably fit, 3 if all compact. Additional campus parking may be available by request if availability allows and for a fee.
→ After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival, if booking same day, you may call our team as soon as you've booked. Please ensure your number on your Airbnb profile is up to date. 
→ Rest assured, our team is local and available 24/7 for any emergency that may arise.
→ For tips on places to eat, things to do, & all things #Nashville find us at @urbannashvacations.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Paige
Host User ID: 387909824
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/387909824
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Thank you for checking out Scarritt Bennett & our Manor Home. We are so excited to welcome you to stay with us! 

We have a spot for any traveler coming to Nashville. We partner with UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals to manage our property. If you need anything, you are in good hands with them. 

Let us know if you have any questions about Nashville or the units! We look forward to hosting you.
I spend too much time: Wandering Scarritts campus
I'm obsessed with: Historic buildings & art
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
6128 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting