URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/54014532
Latitude: 36.18043
Longitude: -86.74519
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
A bright and open luxury artisan guest space. Custom-built and complete with a full kitchen, loft bedroom, work space, fireplace, bespoke wallpaper and local art throughout. As natural light pours through tall windows and skylights, the Gwyneth is the perfect space for an intimate Nashville getaway with a girlfriend or partner, or an inspirational solo retreat without having a TV to distract you.  For safety reasons, the space is not considered suitable for pets or children.

The space
The Gwyneth is a 2 story boutique backyard guest house, custom built in 2021, onto a detached garage with a private guest entry. The kitchen is complete with luxury finishes and high-end appliances, a gas range, Nespresso machine, and an island with seating for two. The kitchen and living area are open to the loft bedroom featuring a queen size Layla bed and large walk-in closet, which doubles as an enclosed work space. The bathroom has a large tub/shower, herringbone tile, and a family heirloom mirror. It's stocked with linens and body wash, shampoo, and conditioner from the Good Fill, a local sustainable refill shop. Wake up to a dedicated space for morning yoga and meditation, and end your day cozied up by the gas, remote-controlled fireplace.

---

Note from Julie, on the design of the space...

I'm a lover of interior design, and building the space was a fun, creative project - bringing my love of design and artistic vision to life. And I also must acknowledge that it's a supreme privilege to be able to build one's dream house. The neutral design palate is meant to embody my biggest lesson of adulthood: a life well-lived is all about living in the gray.

I grew up in an engineering, military household, where things were black or white, right or wrong. I figured that adult life was "supposed" to follow a linear trajectory with stereotypical, coming-of-age milestones. But in my mid-late 30s, I finally realized that's not how I wanted to define my good life. These days, I believe that the great things happen when you're operating in the gray. 

And so, the neutral and grey design palate is the backdrop for a space where changes, colors, and big ideas can rotate in and out (like the art). You hold them for a bit, share them, and then welcome the new when the time is right.

Guest access
Located in historic overlay Lockeland Springs, in East Nashville. East Nashville is an eclectic and culturally diverse district, bustling with local creatives and the best food in Nashville (though we may be biased). 

The Gwyneth is 2 miles to downtown (a quick and reasonably-priced drive or rideshare away) and walkable to many coffee shops, restaurants, and Shelby Park, an entrance point for the 10 mile Greenway that winds alongside the Cumberland River.

Upon booking, you'll receive our Welcome Guide which includes access to a guide for locals, complete with our personal favorite spots.

Other things to note
Based on prior guest feedback, here are a couple of things to consider before booking to ensure you have a pleasant and comfortable stay based on your preferences:

The space does NOT have a TV.  While we know that's not the norm we made this choice to try to allow for a calm/ability-to-disconnect vibe for the space.

The tufted couch is much comfier than it might visually appear, but does sit a bit low so it may not be a comfortable experience for those who are looking for an fluffy couch you can sink into.

The memory-foam mattress is on the plush end of the softness/firmness spectrum, so firm-mattress-lovers may want to consider alternate accommodations in order to get their best night's sleep.

The abundance of natural light in the space can be both a strength and weakness depending on your light preferences. The skylights overlooking in the living room area don't have any coverings, so those that prefer a very dark/blackout nighttime and early AM sleeping experience might have their sleep disturbed by incoming natural light.

Registration Details
4077122

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julie
Host User ID: 11490106
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/11490106
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My husband and I moved to East Nashville in 2017 after completing a work assignment in London and graduate school in Paris. We've been lucky to travel the world and have a global network of friends, which come together to make up our melange of style, food preferences, and personalities.

We're self-proclaimed nerds and runners (I'm not sure if those two things are related, but we have that in common!). I personally am always toting around a book, dog-eared and annotated to pieces. We met many years ago in a Boston running club so have always loved experiencing new geographies and bonding with new friends by foot. 

Like I said, we're lucky to be experienced travelers, so I have my perfect day of exploring down to a science. I wake up before anyone else and sneak out to a coffee shop for some precious alone time and journaling. After breakfast and a run or yoga, I'll politely require :) that my husband joins me for hours of boutique-browsing to take in that city's design style, and I find one special momento to add to my global wardrobe. Then, we wrap up the day with a great meal (the only planning I will have done for the trip), a couple glasses of wine, and an early bedtime.
My work: CEO of Ellevated Outcomes
Speaks French
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
432 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting