URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1612046091457122671
Latitude: 36.125514064839834
Longitude: -86.77755812885479
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a comfortable Nashville stay at Hillview Haven, a thoughtfully furnished studio near the popular 12 South area. This inviting space sleeps up to four guests and offers convenient access to dining, shopping, live music, and major attractions, plus access to a community pool. Ideal for exploring Music City while enjoying a relaxing home base.

Other things to note
Primary renter must be at least 21 years of age. Guests may be asked to present their government issued IDs upon arrival or anytime during their stay. Do not rent this unit for another party. The primary renter must be staying in the unit.

About the Vacation Rental Unit:

This studio vacation rental offers a comfortable and functional layout designed for both short stays and extended visits in Nashville. The interior features contemporary furnishings and décor that create a relaxed and welcoming atmosphere after days spent exploring the city.

The living area includes a sofa and seating area positioned near a mounted smart TV, making it easy to unwind with your favorite streaming services. A dedicated workspace provides a quiet spot for remote work, emails, or planning your next outing.

The kitchen is efficiently designed and stocked with the essentials needed for preparing meals at home. Guests will find stainless steel appliances, stone countertops, and ample cabinetry for storing groceries during their stay. A dining table offers space for meals or casual game nights.

Sleeping accommodations include a queen bed and a full size sleeper sofa, allowing this studio to comfortably sleep up to four guests. Fresh linens are provided to ensure a restful night’s sleep. The bathroom includes a single vanity and a shower and tub combination.

This studio 1-bathroom vacation rental features:
Common Area Sleeping Arrangements: Queen bed and Full size sleeper sofa
Master Bathroom: Single vanity with shower and tub combo
Maximum Guest Occupancy: 4 Guests (Please note that children under the age of two years still count toward the maximum guest occupancy.)

Guests have access to an inground community pool, perfect for cooling off between outings around the city. Communal laundry facilities are available on site and operate via tap to pay, with a fee per load.

The unit is designed to be a convenient home base for enjoying Nashville’s music, dining, and cultural offerings while providing a comfortable place to relax at the end of the day.

Parking: 

Lot and street parking are available for up to two vehicles on a first come, first served basis.
  
About the Community/Property:

Hillview Heights Apartments are located near the desirable 12 South area, known for its walkable streets, local boutiques, dining spots, and neighborhood atmosphere. The location offers easy access to major roads and transportation routes, making it simple to reach downtown Nashville, entertainment venues, and surrounding neighborhoods.

Popular destinations such as Bridgestone Arena and Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park are a short drive away, along with Music Row, Germantown, and the city’s renowned live music and nightlife scene. 

Other details to note: 

Communal laundry facilities available on site for a per-load fee

For the security of our guests and the safety of our home, there is an external security camera located outside the front door monitoring the sidewalk and exterior entrance area

Upon booking, you’ll receive timely communications about your trip. Access to your professionally cleaned and sanitized home is also convenient with our custom keyless locks. And, if you need anything before, during or after your stay, our local team is ready to help!

Please be aware that there will be NO refunds for Wi-Fi issues as it’s not guaranteed. If reliable Wi-Fi is a must, you are welcome to bring your own internet hotspot.

Non-negotiable rules: No Smoking or Vaping, No Events or Parties, No Firearms. Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am (unless posted signage indicates otherwise).

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 146884195
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/146884195
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Looking to plan a dreamy beach get-away? 30a Seascapes has hundreds of properties, from the salt filled waters of the Gulf, Music City (Nashville), and more. As a #1 rated Superhost, 30a Seascapes provides the best guest experience by way of stunning beachfront properties, topnotch resorts offering fantastic amenities, and excellent customer service. We pride ourselves when it comes to reliable, timely, and clear communication with our clientele.
Born in the 60s
Speaks English and Serbian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
35140 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting