URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1774105736486344315
Latitude: 36.14333
Longitude: -86.76068
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 12
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
YOUR OWN NASHVILLE COMPOUND — HART SUITES #3 & #4

Traveling as a big group? Reserve Hart Suites #3 and #4 together and take over two full townhomes side by side, just 10 minutes from Broadway, Belmont University, and Vanderbilt University. Perfect for bachelorette weekends, family reunions, or friends splitting into two households under one roofline everyone gets their own space without losing the group energy.

The space
Hart Suites #3 and #4 sit side by side just 10 minutes from the lights of Broadway, and a quick trip from both Belmont University and Vanderbilt University close enough to be in the middle of everything, quiet enough to actually rest at the end of the day. Book both units together and your group gets two complete townhomes to spread out in. Each home has its own full kitchen refrigerator, oven, stove, microwave, dishwasher, and all the cooking basics and dishware you need to make a real meal, not just heat up leftovers. Fast Wi-Fi and a Smart TV in every unit make it easy to stream, work, or just wind down. And in a neighborhood this close to downtown, free on-site parking for both homes is the kind of detail that actually matters no circling the block, no paid garages, just pull in and settle in. Every day-to-day comfort is covered too: in-unit washer and dryer, air conditioning and central heating, hot water on demand, and all the essentials already stocked towels, linens, soap, the works. Self check-in with a smart lock means no coordinating arrival times or waiting around for keys. What makes it feel like Nashville, and not just any rental, is in the details: locally inspired artwork, a record player, and a guitar in each home. It's the kind of small, honest touch that tells you someone who actually lives here put this place together.

SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS
Together, the two townhomes offer 6 bedrooms and 10 beds, comfortably sleeping up to 20 guests without anyone feeling cramped. Each home is laid out the same way: Bedroom 1 has a king bed, Bedroom 2 has two queen beds, and Bedroom 3 has a bunk bed. There's also a couch in the living room for extra flexibility. Each unit has 2.5 bathrooms, for 5 bathrooms combined.

WHY GUESTS LOVE BOOKING WITH US
We're Nashville Nooks, a local team that actually lives and works in this city not a call center reading from a script. That means when you message us, you're getting real answers, usually within the hour, from people who know which parking spots fill up on game days and which coffee shop to hit before a long day of exploring. Every stay starts with a home that's been professionally cleaned and double-checked, so what you see in the photos is what you get no surprises, no excuses. Self check-in with a smart lock means you're never stuck waiting around after a long drive or flight. And as Superhosts, we've earned that badge the hard way: by actually showing up for our guests, stay after stay. We built this buyout because we know some trips need more than one house can hold. Our job is to make sure that once you and your group arrive, the only thing left to plan is what you're doing that night in Nashville.

Guest access
Once you book, both homes are entirely yours  no shared hallways, no shared host space, nothing set aside for anyone but your group. That means full run of both townhomes: every bedroom, every bathroom, both full kitchens, both living areas, and on-site parking for everyone in your party.

The two units sit right next to each other but each has its own private entrance and its own self check-in, so you can come and go on your own schedule without waiting on anyone else in the group. Think of it less like renting a house, and more like your group taking over a small stretch of the block for the weekend.

Other things to note
Check-in starts at 4:00 PM and checkout is by 11:00 AM, and between the two homes we can comfortably host up to 20 guests. No pets allowed, and please keep things quiet after 9:00 PM our neighbors on Hart Street appreciate it, and so will you after a full day in Nashville.

Since Unit #3 and Unit #4 are nearly identical in layout and style, a few of the photos may show one unit standing in for the other the overall look and feel will match what you booked. For everyone's safety, each entrance has an exterior security camera pointed only at the doorway, never at windows or any indoor space.

One last thing: plans change, so take a look at our cancellation policy before you book, just so there are no surprises later.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting