URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1503637365577531753
Latitude: 36.245
Longitude: -86.7112
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to ★The Montague Lodge★—a century-old stone lodge where history, craftsmanship, and creativity come together. Once the gathering place of a historic riverfront resort, today it offers guests a peaceful retreat just minutes from downtown Nashville. Beautifully restored to preserve historic attributes and updated with modern amenities, allowing guests to enjoy its timeless character without sacrificing convenience or comfort.

The space
What We Love About ★The Montague Lodge★...
- Historic Character: Century-old stone architecture, vaulted ceilings with exposed timber beams, handcrafted architectural details, and rich local history
- Outdoor & Relaxation Spaces: Covered porch, fire pit, multiple lounging areas, and a cozy loft lounge
- Fully Equipped & Comfortable: Fully equipped kitchen, full laundry services, central heat and air conditioning, and dedicated workspace
- Modern Entertainment & Connectivity: Google Fiber high-speed Wi-Fi and 2 Smart TVs
- Convenient Stay: Quick interstate access, self check-in, and free parking

Built from native stone more than a century ago, this beautifully restored lodge blends historic character with modern comfort. From the moment you walk through the front door, you’ll be greeted by an open-concept great room with dramatic vaulted ceilings, exposed beams, rich hardwood floors, and an impressive floor-to-ceiling stone fireplace that serves as the heart of the home. Each room reveals handcrafted details, vintage industrial artifacts, interactive features, and artistic touches that have guests discovering something new around every corner.

The lodge offers plenty of room to spread out, featuring multiple living areas, an office with large desk for remote work or trip planning, an upstairs lounge, and plenty of quiet spaces perfect for reading, or relaxing after a day exploring Nashville.

Sleeping Arrangements:
Primary Bedroom
• Queen bed

Guest Bedroom
• Queen bed

Additional Sleeping
• Queen sleeper sofa (main living room)
• Queen sleeper sofa (upstairs loft)
• Queen air mattress

Outside, the property's peaceful setting is one of its greatest treasures. Enjoy your morning coffee on the covered porch while watching deer wander through the yard, listen to birds throughout the day, or simply relax in the expansive outdoor space surrounded by Tennessee nature. The large yard is filled with mature trees and abundant wildlife offering plenty of room for children to play or friends to gather.

The lodge is located between Broadway and Opryland in a private, riverfront neighborhood with walkable streets. One of the lodge's greatest advantages is the balance between convenience and tranquility. You're close enough to easily explore Broadway, the Grand Ole Opry, and other Nashville attractions, yet far enough away to enjoy the slower pace and natural beauty of a peaceful riverfront neighborhood.

• 10 minutes to the Grand Ole Opry & Opry Mills
• 12 minutes to Nashville International Airport
• 15 minutes to Broadway & Downtown Nashville
• Quick access to Briley Parkway and I-65 for easy commuting

Whether you’re visiting Nashville for live music, working remotely, travel nursing, or simply looking for a peaceful getaway, you’ll enjoy returning each evening to your own private lodge tucked beneath mature trees where you can sit on the porch and watch deer walk by—and all of this just 15 minutes from Broadway.

Other things to note
Please note: Firewood is not provided for the fire pit.

★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home.  Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home.  We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay.  In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee.  Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver.  It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay.  The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior.  Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!).  Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage.  The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines. 

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
Born in the 80s
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23126 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting