URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/16529833
Latitude: 36.1455
Longitude: -86.786
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Ultimate 5-Star Gulch Luxury HQ! 🌆✨ Just steps from The Gulch and 4 minutes to Broadway 🎸, this luxury group getaway features a private rooftop with skyline views, outdoor kitchen, and fire pit 🔥. Every bedroom has its own en-suite bathroom 🚿 for extra comfort and privacy. Enjoy a secure 2-car garage 🚗, modern design, and easy access to Nashville’s best dining, nightlife, and entertainment. Service animals welcome 🐾

The space
Welcome to The New Nashview! 🎻

Elevate your Nashville adventure in this meticulously designed, centrally located luxury townhouse. Perfectly situated in the heart of The Gulch—Nashville’s premier district for fashion, food, and music—this home is a "Hidden Gem" built specifically for large group logistics. Whether you're hosting an upscale bachelorette or a celebratory reunion, this space offers the perfect balance of massive social zones and 100% private retreats.

💎 The Gulch Advantage:

The Ultimate Sky Deck: Our rooftop is the crowning jewel. Unlike basic rooftops, ours features a full Outdoor Kitchen, a private Fire Pit, and panoramic views of the glittering Nashville skyline.

4 En-Suites (The Group Secret): Forget sharing bathrooms. Every single bedroom in this home features its own Private En-Suite Bathroom. This ensures your group of 12 can get ready for a night on Broadway at the same time without any stress.

Unbeatable Walkability: You are smack-dab in the middle of Nashville’s hottest district. Stroll to world-class dining, boutique shopping, and the legendary Station Inn for authentic bluegrass.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown (Sleeps 12):

1st Floor:

Bedroom 1: 1 Queen Bed + Private En-Suite Full Bath 🛌🚿

2nd Floor:

Bedroom 2 (The Bunk Room): 2 Sets of Bunk Beds (4 Twins) + Full Bathroom access 🛌🛌🛌🛌🚿

Main Living Area: Open-concept Kitchen, Dining, and Living Room with 1 Queen Sleeper Sofa 🛋️🍳

3rd Floor:

Bedroom 3: 1 King Bed + En-Suite 4-Piece Full Bath 👑🚿

Bedroom 4: 1 King Bed + En-Suite Full Bath 👑🚿

Rooftop Level:

Entertainment Hub: Sky Deck with Outdoor Kitchen, Fire Pit & Skyline Views 🔥🌆🍴

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Coordinating a group of 12? We make your arrival safe and stress-free.

Digital Keyless Entry: No physical keys to share. You will receive a unique, secure code generated specifically for your group.

Contactless: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—ideal for staggered group arrivals.

Private 2-Car Garage: Secure on-site parking in a district where parking is a premium.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

The Gulch Dining: Don't miss Milk & Honey for brunch or Biscuit Love for a Southern classic. 🥐

Station Inn (5 min walk): Nashville’s foremost home for authentic bluegrass—a true "insider" experience. 🎻

Broadway (4 min drive): A lightning-fast ride to the world-famous Honky Tonks like Tootsie’s. 👢

Music Row (2 min drive): Explore where the hits are made in the heart of the recording industry.

Local Tip: Walk over to Two Old Hippies for unique Nashville shopping and then take a group photo at the famous "Wings" mural just 10 minutes away!

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a pet-free environment. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Guest access
Guests enjoy access to the entire home, including the two car garage and the amazing roof deck!

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
Nashville STRP# 2016070901

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting