URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/37774171
Latitude: 36.1722
Longitude: -86.7927
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Power & Heat are Working! (1/29/26)

Experience Nashville from this gem — custom artwork, marble countertops, 'Restoration Hardware-quality' furniture, and unique touches like historic interior doors and thoughtful exposed brick make this a cozy masterpiece 🏡

When it's time to explore the city, this centrally located home is a perfect jumping off point. Walk to Nashville's finest restaurants in Germantown or take a 4-5 minute Uber to most of Nashville's best attractions🍷🍽️

The space
As soon as you enter, you’ll be greeted by the true quality of this home. Exposed brick, high-end furniture, and historically inspired design touches permeate the space. This is truly a LUXURY vacation rental nestled in the heart of Germantown / Downtown Nashville!

🛋️ LIVING ROOM 🛋️
Located upon entry, this cozy living room is the perfect hangout spot for a small family or even a group of 10. It opens to the chef’s kitchen, dining room, and of course the patio and front yard. 

📺 75” WiFi TV
🛋️ Sleeper Sofa/Sectional
🔥 Electric Fireplace

🍴 KITCHEN & DINING 🍴
A wonderful kitchen for entertaining! This fully appointed kitchen is stocked with everything you need to entertain your group! 😊🍽️
🔥 Gas Range
🧊 Refrigerator/Freezer
📦 Microwave & Dishwasher
☕ Drip Coffee Makers & Toaster
🥂 Glassware & Silverware
🍳 Pots, Pans & Cooking Utensils
🪑 Dining table & island seating

😴 SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS – 3 BEDROOMS 😴
With three hotel-inspired bedrooms, this space was crafted to be both beautiful and comfortable.
All bedrooms and bathrooms feature linens, towels, soaps, TVs, and light-filtering window treatments.

• Pillows, Linens, Towels and Sheets
• Shampoo/Soaps
• Light-filtering window treatments

🛌 Bedroom 1 – Primary King Bedroom (Ensuite Bath)
• King Bed
• Ensuite Bathroom
• Opens to 2nd Story Patio
• TV

🛌 Bedroom 2 – King Bedroom (Hall Bath)
• King Bed
• TV

🛌 Bedroom 3 – Queen Bedroom
• Queen Bed
• TV

🛋️ COMMON SPACES 🛋️
🛋️ Queen-sized pullout sofa in living room
🛌 Queen-sized pullout sofa in downstairs bonus space
• Rollaway beds, Pack n’ Play/Crib available upon request

• ADDITIONAL AMENITIES •
🚨 Alarm System
📶 High-Speed Wi-Fi
🧺 Laundry Room with Washer/Dryer

✧ UNIQUE DOOR CODES✧
At Maven, we take your privacy and security seriously. Each reservation is issued a unique door code for your stay.

✧ NO SHARED SPACES ✧
The home is exclusively yours for the duration of your stay!

✧ NO SMOKING ✧
This is a non-smoking house, so we kindly ask all our guests to refrain from smoking on the premises.
 
✧ GUEST VERIFICATION ✧
Local regulations require us to verify your identity prior to check in. We do this with a simple check in form where you input a government issued ID. Don’t worry, your information is encrypted and always stored securely.
 
✧ NO LOCAL RESERVATIONS ✧
Local reservations are only accepted with prior notice and approval.
 
✧ ACCIDENTAL DAMAGE INSURANCE ✧
Things happen…so every reservation is covered by our accidental damage insurance policy at no additional charge! 
 
✧ DEPOSIT ✧
This art home is truly one of a kind. As such, we require a credit card on file (from your booking platform) for a $1,000 damage/vandalism deposit. This is reflected either 1. transparently to you on your booking platform or 2. as a soft hold on your card which is released after checkout (just like a hotels do).
 
✧ SANITIZATION & CLEANING ✧
We ALWAYS treat our home like a high-end hotel with dedicated cleaning staff and quality assurance checks because cleanliness is so important to a great stay! With the addition of COVID-19, the heath, safety, and wellbeing of our guests are even more in the spotlight. For these reasons, we use strict disinfection protocol after every stay.

Guest access
There are two entry points - front and back door, both with keypad entry. Entire house is accessible to guests only. Driveway has space for two cars - free street parking is also available for extra vehicles.

Other things to note
✧ UNIQUE DOOR CODES✧
At Maven, we take your privacy and security seriously. Each reservation is issued a unique door code for your stay.

✧ NO SHARED SPACES ✧
The home is exclusively yours for the duration of your stay!

✧ NO SMOKING ✧
This is a non-smoking house, so we kindly ask all our guests to refrain from smoking on the premises.
 
✧ GUEST VERIFICATION ✧
Local regulations require us to verify your identity prior to check in. We do this with a simple check in form where you input a government issued ID. Don’t worry, your information is encrypted and always stored securely.
 
✧ NO LOCAL RESERVATIONS ✧
Local reservations are only accepted with prior notice and approval.
 
✧ ACCIDENTAL DAMAGE INSURANCE ✧
Things happen…so every reservation is covered by our accidental damage insurance policy at no additional charge! 
 
✧ DEPOSIT ✧
This art home is truly one of a kind. As such, we require a credit card on file (from your booking platform) for a $1,000 damage/vandalism deposit. This is reflected either 1. transparently to you on your booking platform or 2. as a soft hold on your card which is released after checkout (just like a hotels do).
 
✧ SANITIZATION & CLEANING ✧
We ALWAYS treat our home like a high-end hotel with dedicated cleaning staff and quality assurance checks because cleanliness is so important to a great stay! With the addition of COVID-19, the heath, safety, and wellbeing of our guests are even more in the spotlight. For these reasons, we use strict disinfection protocol after every stay.

Registration Details
2019033083

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Ashley
Host User ID: 269786762
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/269786762
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville Native - Realtor - Animal Lover

Born and raised in Nashville, and a Realtor since 2009, I have witnessed firsthand the transformation of our quaint country town to the nationally sought-after destination it is today. 

Maven Destinations is my passion project to share intimate local insight, genuine hospitality, and a curated portfolio of homes...in what I consider one of the best cities in the world...with you! I hope you'll join us!
Born in the 80s
My work: Real Estate Agent
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1219 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting