URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/553513875533434260
Latitude: 36.1466
Longitude: -86.7856
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
LOCATION, LOCATION! Stay minutes from The Gulch at The Electric House—a modern, luxury home designed for groups. Walk to some of Nashville's best restaurants, live music, & boutique shopping, then come home to BOLD designer interiors, an open living space, and a rooftop hot tub. With 4BD/4.5BA spacious living and 1 mile to Broadway, it's the perfect place to experience Music City with a large group of family & friends! Private garage parking included. 150+ five-star reviews! ⭐️

The space
🏡 Spacious 4‑Bedroom Townhouse in the Heart of Nashville. Welcome to The Electric House! ⚡️

Step inside to a bright, open-concept living space with games, karaoke, and a bluetooth speaker. The kitchen is fully stocked and built for entertaining with a 6-burner gas range, oversized island, wet bar, and a dining area.

When it's time to unwind, retreat to one of 4 private, highly-designed suites, each with its own bathroom. Every room comes with comfy beds, blackout curtains, luxe linens, plush towels, smart TVs, and fans—so you can relax in total comfort.

Up on the rooftop, soak in the hot tub, fire up the grill, and take in Nashville skyline views. Or, head out and dive into everything Music City has to offer. 

This home is walkable to the Gulch and Downtown Nashville. You'll be minutes away from the best restaurants, nightlife, and boutique shopping. Lots of restaurants, coffee, & grocery within walking distance. Just a 5-10 minute rideshare to Broadway, Music Row, 12 South, Vanderbilt, Midtown, and WeHo. Our local concierge is always on-hand for reservations, recommendations, and anything else you need.

HOME FEATURES
✦ 3 King Suites and 1 Double Queen Suite, Each with Private Bath
✦ Rooftop Hot Tub Deck with Lounge Seating & Skyline Views
✦ Open-Concept Second Floor Built for Groups
✦ Fully Equipped Chef's Kitchen
✦ 2 Garage Parking Spaces
✦ Smart TVs, Games, Cards, Bluetooth Soundbar, & a Karaoke Machine🎶
✦ Cornhole Boards and Folding Table
✦ Coffee Bar with Locally Roasted Coffee
✦ High-Speed Wi-Fi & Dedicated Workspace
✦ Local Concierge for Recs, Reservations & Transportation

THE LAYOUT 
4 Bedrooms | 4.5 Bathrooms | Sleeps Up to 12 
3 King Beds, 2 Queen Beds, and 2 Hotel-Style Twin Rollaways

First Floor  — King Suite with En Suite Bath, 2-Car Garage (w/ Custom "Nashville Looks Sexy on You" mural by local artist), Private Patio

Second Floor — King Suite with En Suite Bath (Double Sinks), Half Bath, Washer & Dryer, Kitchen & Dining, Living Room with Smart TV, Karaoke, & Games

Third Floor — 2 Queens Suite with En Suite Bath (Double Sinks), Rooftop Deck, Wet Bar, Hot Tub, Gas Grill, Full Hallway Bath, King Suite

THE EXTRAS
✔ 12-Inch Memory Foam Mattresses
✔ Washer & Dryer, Steamer & Iron
✔ Fully Stocked Essentials (paper towels, toilet paper, trash bags, dish soap, dishwasher pods, laundry detergent)
✔ Pro-Cleaned Linens & Extra Pillows
✔ Coffee, Creamers, Sugars & Light Snacks
✔ Large Closets & Luggage Racks
✔ Beach Towels for Hot Tub
✔ Stocked Bath Essentials (Hairdryers, Shampoo, Conditioner, Bodywash, Qtips, and more) 
✔ Full-Length and LED Mirrors for Getting Ready
✔ No Check-out Chores — Just lock up and go!
✔ Early Check-In When Available 

Consistent 5-star stays start with the details — and we've thought through all of them. Whether it's a celebration, a family reunion, or just a weekend soaking up Music City, we'd love to host you at The Electric House! 
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

Guest access
Guest has access to the entire house except the locked closets. Check-in is seamless with a smart lock, and we’re available 24/7 should you need anything during your stay. The garage can accommodate two mid-sized vehicles (note: it does not fit large trucks or SUVs). There is free street parking nearby too.

Other things to note
Please read before booking! This home is truly special — a lot of time, care, and investment has gone into creating a space we love. We welcome respectful guests who will treat the property with care. 

- No smoking or pets. 
- No glitter or confetti. No decorations on walls with wallpaper. We are happy to connect you with professional decorators! 
- All guests agree to follow hot tub guidelines. (SEE BELOW)

*Hot Tub Guidelines*
To keep the hot tub in top condition and avoid malfunction, please agree to the following before booking:
- Always keep the lid on when not in use. During summer, you may leave lid off at night, ONLY when sun is not out. This will help with cooling. 
- Maintain temperature between 96-98°F. 
- Do not turn off the breaker at any time.
Failure to follow these rules may result in an additional fee.

Hot Tub Servicing Notes – Our hot tub is professionally serviced before every stay. For long stays, we will reach out to arrange an extra cleaning as needed.
-------------------
Want to curate your Nashville experience? We do all the work for you so you can fully immerse yourself in Vacation Mode! Choose from our handful of highly utilized add-ons. Here are some of our Guest Favorites:

- Complimentary Fill-the-Fridge
- Luggage Storage
- Personalized Itinerary Planning
- Personal Chef Services
- Charcuterie Board Delivery
- Celebration Packages such as Gourmet Cake Delivery
- Discounts with local partners such as Joyride Party Buses and Golf Carts
- And much more...

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chad
Host User ID: 132501134
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/132501134
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I hope you absolutely LOVE this Home and Nashville. As Nashville’s 7X Top Voted Realtor, I’m super passionate about this city & its people. I took great care, detail and pride in creating this space for your best travel experience. Have a blast in Nashville!

Chad- (@chadwohlers)
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
450 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting