URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/24738411
Latitude: 36.1983
Longitude: -86.7417
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Private rooftop deck with a fire pit and unblocked city views, 7 minutes from Broadway. This East Nashville 3BR/3.5BA townhome sleeps 10, and every bedroom has its own en-suite bath, so no waiting to get ready. Private garage, dining table for 10, full kitchen and self check-in with keypad. No pets, no parties. STRP.2018020810

The space
Welcome to your East Nashville Gem! 🎻

Elevate your Nashville adventure in this meticulously designed luxury residence. Perfectly situated in Historic East Nashville, this home offers a sophisticated blend of modern high-end style and southern hospitality. Unlike standard rentals, our home is optimized for group travel, ensuring everyone has their own private retreat without sacrificing the social energy of the rooftop and living zones.

💎 The East Nash Advantage:

The Rooftop Oasis: Our fourth-floor sky deck is the star of the show. It features a private Fire Pit, unblocked skyline views, and plenty of lounge seating. It’s the ultimate spot for sunset cocktails or late-night stories under the stars.

En-Suite for Everyone: Forget sharing bathrooms. Every bedroom in this home is a private suite with its own Full En-Suite Bathroom. This is a game-changer for groups of 10 who need to get ready for Broadway at the same time.

Location "Goldilocks" Zone: You are perfectly positioned between the neon lights of Downtown Nashville and the legendary Grand Ole Opry, giving you the best of both worlds.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown (Sleeps 10):

1st Floor:

Bedroom 1: 2 Queen Beds + Private Full Bath w/ Shower 🛌🚿

2nd Floor:

Main Living Area: Open-concept Kitchen, Living Room, Dining for 10, and a Half Bath. 🍳🍷

3rd Floor:

Bedroom 2 (Primary): 1 King Bed + Private Full En-Suite Bath 👑🚿

Bedroom 3: 1 Queen Bed + 1 Twin Trundle + Private Full Bath w/ Shower/Tub Combo 🛌🛌🛀

4th Floor:

Rooftop Patio: Fire Pit & Skyline Views 🔥🌇

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Coordinating a group of 10? We make your arrival safe and stress-free.

Digital Keyless Entry: No physical keys to share. You will receive a unique, secure code generated specifically for your group.

Contactless: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—ideal for staggered group arrivals.

Attached Garage: Enjoy the security of a private attached garage for secure parking and easy luggage entry.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

The Pharmacy Burger (5 min drive): A world-famous beer garden and the best burgers in East Nashville. 🍔

Five Points Pizza (4 min drive): The local heart of the neighborhood—try the "T-Rex" slice!

Lockeland Table (5 min drive): A cozy, farm-to-table gem for a more sophisticated dinner.

Broadway (7 min drive): A quick, straight shot to the world-famous Honky Tonks. 

Nashville Hot Chicken: Try Bolton's or Hattie B's for the iconic city heat.

Local Tip: Head to the Shoppes on Fatherland for unique vintage finds and local boutiques you won't find downtown!

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a pet-free environment. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Guest access
Guests are provided a personal, unique access code to the home's secure entry. The property rental is of the entire home, driveway, garage, yard & back deck.

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤
We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Registration Details
STRP# 2018020810

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting