URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1061246555828330798
Latitude: 36.1473
Longitude: -86.7812
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stylish 1BR/1BA condo located near the highly sought after Gulch neighborhood, perfect for exploring Music Row and Broadway. Sleeps 5 with a king bed, rollaways, and sofa bed. Enjoy a private balcony, Smart TV in bedroom and living room. Wi Fi, and full kitchen. Amenities include pool, gym, and courtyard.  Just over a mile to Broadway. Relax, stream, and recharge between downtown adventures in this prime Gulch View retreat. Designated parking space for your vehicle. Pool is open through Mar-Sep

The space
Enjoy the best of Nashville with an unbeatable location, just steps away from all the vibrant downtown attractions. At Illume, you’ll experience luxury living with top-tier amenities designed for comfort and relaxation.

Stroll through a beautifully landscaped courtyard, stay active in the fully equipped fitness center, or unwind by the seasonal pool in the heart of the building. What truly sets this retreat apart is its commitment to sustainability, featuring energy-efficient systems and a green roof, making your stay eco-friendly and luxurious.

This spot was both thoughtfully and functionally designed. 

✔Sleeps 5 Guests
✔ Smart TV
✔ A Fully Equipped Kitchen
✔ High-speed Wi-Fi
✔ Free Parking 
✔ Pool
✔ Gym

★LAYOUT★

LIVING AREA:
A large sectional and an armchair provide plenty of plush seating in the living area. Relax after a day of adventure and stream your favorite shows on the smart TV. Home chefs will love the new stainless-steel appliances in the kitchen. Other helpful gadgets include a blender and a Ninja Coffee maker. Share your culinary creations around the table for four in the dining area. 

BEDROOM:
The bedroom boasts a king bed, smart TV and an en suite bathroom with a walk-in shower. The private balcony provides a lovely perch with views of the pool and the city. Time your visit right and take in gorgeous sunsets from this western-facing outdoor space.

ADDITIONAL BEDS: 
The single bed are rollaway bed, which can be found in the closet with linens and pillows. The couch is also convertible couch that can be unfolded into another sleeping space (see photos). 

KITCHEN:
The kitchen is fully equipped for your cooking needs! You will also find a Ninja Coffee Station that has been filled for your stay!

BALCONY:
The balcony has plenty of seats for you and your guests to enjoy your morning coffee while looking at the stunning city views!

★WALKABLE★
Frugal MacDoogal liquor store: 5-minute walk
Maiz De La Vida: 5-minute walk
Party Fowl: 5-minute walk
Peg Leg Porker BBQ: 6-minute walk
Neighbors Bar & Grill: 5-minute walk
STK Steakhouse: 5-minute walk
The Pub: 6-minute walk
Biscuit Love: 8-minute walk
Milk & Honey: 10-minute walk
Famous Wing mural: 10-minute walk
Kayne Prime Steakhouse: 12-minute walk

★BROADWAY 1.2 MILES/25 MIN WALK★
Honky Tonk Central 
Jason Aldean's Bar
Tootsies Orchid Lounge
Kid Rock's
12/30 Club
Miranda Lambert’s Casa Rosa
Morgan Wallen’s Bar
Friends in Low Places Bar & Honky-Tonk
Dierks Bentley Whiskey Row 

Grocery & Essentials Nearby:
Turnip Truck: 0.5 miles 
Publix / (Kroger) 1.5 miles

& MUCH MORE!

★NISSAN STADIUM ★
1.8 miles

★JOYRIDE★
Just steps away from your stay, you'll find Joyride, an amazing party and tour bus company! Whether you're interested in a whiskey tour, hopping on a party bus, cruising with a golf cart bar hop, or even riding in a monster truck, Joyride has it all. Known for creating unforgettable experiences, they offer easy access to the vibrant Broadway area. Staying at Illume gives you the ultimate convenience, with pick-up and drop-off just a few steps away from your door.

Short Term Rental Permit: #2025002805

Come and embrace the essence of Nashville at this exceptional Illume condo, where every detail ensures a memorable and fulfilling stay!

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire condo. 

Home is equipped with one Schlage lock. Guests will receive an access code through text that will give access throughout the stay. Additionally, code will be provided to enter building, garage, and all amenities.

Other things to note
Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM - 7:00 AM
Check-in: Anytime after 4 PM 
Check-out: By 11AM

Pool is open seasonally May-September 

CHILDREN DISCLOSURE:
We're delighted to welcome families with children to our home! However, it's crucial to mention that our home is not childproofed. With amenities like elevators (4 story condo), high ledge balcony, and pool - we want to be up front and ensure a safe and enjoyable stay for everyone. For the safety of our youngest guests, we kindly request that children be supervised by an adult at all times.

NO SMOKING INSIDE:
To ensure a comfortable and healthy environment for all guests, smoking & vaping is strictly prohibited inside the property. This includes all indoor areas and on the balcony. If you wish to smoke or vape, please do so outside of the property and dispose of cigarette butts responsibly. Violation of this policy may result in additional cleaning fees. Thank you for your understanding!

POTENTIAL NOISE:
Nashville is renowned for its vibrant atmosphere, particularly in the heart of the city. While our property offers a tranquil retreat, please be aware that you may experience occasional noise during your stay, such as from nearby construction, traffic, other neighboring Airbnb guests, and more. These factors are beyond our control. While we anticipate minimal disruption for most guests, it's important to note if you are unaccustomed to urban environments.

DOGS:
We happily welcome 1 well-behaved, house-trained adult dog to stay in our home. We ask that all dogs be crated when left alone in our home, so please bring a crate with you. To ensure a smooth process, all dogs must be discussed and pre-approved by host within 24 hours of booking. Please be sure to add them to your reservation. $100 flat pet fee applies. We regret to inform you that dogs under 1 year old, cats, or other animals are not allowed. Be please respectful and clean up after your dog to avoid a fine. Any damage from pet will guests responsibility as an inspection will occur at check-out.

Registration Details
2025002805

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Joshua
Host User ID: 554360009
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/554360009
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
Fun fact: Was in a music video in Nashville
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
114 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting