URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/634837162467437440
Latitude: 36.13063
Longitude: -86.77854
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Walking distance to 12 South and just minutes to Broadway, The Gulch, and Vanderbilt, this modern 3BR luxury townhome is perfect for bachelorettes, families, & group getaways. Comfortably sleeping up to 10 with 2 kings, a queen bunk, & multiple flexible sleeping options. 
Enjoy the open-concept layout, 4K Smart TV, fast WiFi, chef’s kitchen, 2 covered patios, & FREE attached garage parking. Quick Uber to Downtown, yet a private, upscale retreat to recharge after exploring Music City.

The space
Modern luxury townhome just minutes from Downtown Nashville, Broadway, The Gulch, Vanderbilt, and Belmont. Perfect for bachelorette trips, group getaways, families, and business travelers who want space, comfort, and a quick Uber to everything.

This upscale 3-bedroom home sleeps up to 10 guests and features an open-concept layout, designer finishes, and plenty of room to spread out. The spacious living area includes comfortable seating, a 4K Smart TV with streaming, and fast high-speed WiFi.

The fully equipped chef’s kitchen offers stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, bar seating, and a Keurig coffee maker with free coffee provided. 

Location location location! You will be walking distance to the famous 12 South area, where you will find incredible shopping, restaurants,  bars and more! Not to mention, you will be just a 5-8 minute uber ride from downtown, and many of the other popular Nashville attractions!

Sleeping arrangements:
• 2 King beds
• 2 Full beds (bunk)
• 1 Queen pullout sofa
• 1 Queen air mattress
• 2 Twin cots

3 bedrooms | 3.5 bathrooms | 9 total beds and plenty of space for your group to get ready comfortably!

Work-friendly amenities include a dedicated workspace and ultra-fast WiFi. Additional conveniences: washer and dryer with detergent provided, iron and ironing board, fresh towels and linens, and a digital guidebook packed with local restaurant recommendations and Nashville tips.

Parking made easy:
• Attached 2-car garage
• 2 additional spaces in front of the garage

Safety & convenience:
• Exterior security cameras at entrances
• Active home security system
• Smart lock keyless entry
• 24/7 maintenance dispatch

Prime Location — Quick Access:
• ~2 miles to Downtown Nashville
• ~1.8 miles to The Gulch
• ~1.9 miles to Music City Center
• ~2.1 miles to Bridgestone Arena
• ~3 miles to Nissan Stadium
• ~1 mile to Belmont University
• ~1.5 miles to Vanderbilt University
• ~9.3 miles to BNA Airport
• ~12 miles to Gaylord Opryland

Close to Broadway nightlife, concerts, conventions, universities, and top Nashville attractions — while still offering a modern, private retreat.

No parties or events. Only registered guests allowed.

Book now for your Nashville getaway.

Guest access
Guests will enjoy exclusive access to the entire townhome, attached 2-car garage, and two additional parking spaces in front of the garage. Check-in is a breeze with keyless entry via a smart lock.

Other things to note
This townhome is ideally situated within walking distance to the popular 12 South district, brimming with top-rated restaurants, bars, and boutiques. Don't miss iconic spots such as Haddie B's hot chicken, Zanies Comedy Showcase, or the historic RCA Studio B. Experience Music City to the fullest during the upcoming spring season, when Nashville comes alive with vibrant colors and festivals. Plan your stay during Memorial Day (May 29th), Independence Day (July 4th), or Labor Day (Sept. 4th) for a lively holiday celebration in the heart of Nashville. Our townhome is an excellent choice for enjoying Nashville's lively atmosphere, with a short $5-$10 Uber and Lyft ride taking you to downtown hotspots like Broadway, The Gulch, Music City Center, Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, and more. Explore nearby Vanderbilt University, Belmont University, and Lipscomb University, as well as countless other local attractions. Indulge in exceptional dining and nightlife experiences just steps away from your front door, or venture a short distance to explore Nashville's creative scene at Gruhn Guitars, The Escape Game, Ole Smoky Distillery & Yee-Haw Brewery. Please respect the house rules, which include no parties or events with unregistered guests, no smoking of any kind inside, no pets, and observe check-in/check-out times. Dispose of garbage responsibly, report any damages promptly, and do not engage in any illegal activities on the premises. Book your Nashville adventure today—experience the ultimate in luxury living at our central villa, just moments from the best of Music City!

Local guests MUST contact us prior to booking.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
My work: Carebnb Properties
Most useless skill: Juggling
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4600 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting