URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/4303083
Latitude: 36.171
Longitude: -86.7469
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Feel at home in East Nashville, just minutes to Five Points, Nissan Stadium, and Downtown.
- Single-story bungalow with spacious interiors
- Comfortable beds for restful nights
- Large fenced yard for privacy and play
- Dog-friendly for up to 2 dogs (fee + signed policy)
- Free parking with driveway for 2 cars or 1-car carport
- Work-ready with high-speed WiFi and dedicated workspace
- Minutes to Five Points for food, drinks, and nightlife

The space
Welcome to our idyllic Nashville family home, a rare, single-family, one-story bungalow designed for comfort and relaxation. With a huge yard and ample space to sleep 10, this property is perfect for family gatherings or group getaways. Located almost within eyeshot of the Titan's stadium, and just 5 minutes from East Nashville's vibrant Five Points for food and nightlife. You can eaven reach downtown Nashville in just 10 minutes, placing you at the heart of the city's vibrant culture.

This home is not only spacious but also pet-friendly, allowing up to 2 dogs to join your stay. The fully fenced yard is ideal for your furry friends to play and enjoy the outdoors.

Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 10):
Primary Bedroom: 1 King Bed with a private ensuite bathroom
Second Bedroom: 1 King Bed
Third Bedroom: 2 Queen Beds
Back Living Room: 1 Queen Sleeper Sofa

After a day of exploring Music City, park in your private, covered parking pad and find respite sinking into our famously comfy beds. The modern kitchen is fully equipped with stainless steel appliances, washer and dryer in unit, and Smart TVs are available for streaming your favorite shows. Step outside to the large, fully fenced backyard, offering a private oasis for play or relaxation. Fire up the grill for an evening barbecue on the patio.

Perfectly Positioned for Exploration:
Discover the lively spirit of East Nashville. Embrace the outdoors at Shelby Park and take a short drive to the bustling Five Points Neighborhood. Spend your evenings listening to live music at The Basement East or catch a game or concert at Nissan Stadium. Savor dishes and craft beers at local favorites like Noko or Treehouse.  Just a quick ride from Broadway, our home places you at the heart of Nashville's vibrant culture and culinary scene.

Free Parking:
- Free parking for 2 cars in the driveway or 1-car carport

Tourist Attractions:
- Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum: Immerse yourself in the rich history of country music at this iconic museum featuring a vast collection of exhibits.  
- Ryman Auditorium: Known as the 'Mother Church of Country Music,' this historic venue offers guided tours and stunning acoustics.  
- Johnny Cash Museum: Dive into the life of the 'Man in Black' with over 1,000 artifacts showcasing his incredible career.  

Up to 2 dogs (only) are welcome to join you! Note that there is a $200/dog fee paid after booking and a required signed agreement. 

Permit Number: CASR 20160_followed by_24202

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire home and yard and private driveway!

Other things to note
Welcome to our boutique hospitality experience, led by a close-knit team of husband-and-wife duo and their close friends. We've been making dream vacations come true since 2014 and we're thrilled to do the same for you! We choose our properties with care, only offering places we'd love to stay in ourselves. You'll find top local spots around each location and we're always ready to suggest the best picks tailored just for you.

- Dogs are welcome for an additional $200/dog fee, charged after your confirmed booking, and a signed pet agreement paid AFTER booking confirmation.
- Check-In: We provide a unique, custom door code for each stay for secure and easy keyless entry.
- Guest Verification: All guests are required to complete an additional guest verification process after booking, which includes signing a liability agreement.
- Local Bookings: We typically do not host local residents. We may inquire about the purpose of your stay and reserve the right to decline bookings.
- Security Deposit: A refundable security deposit is required for longer stays and is charged separately before check-in. The deposit is $500 for reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and $1,000 for reservations over 6 months.
- Child-Friendly Rentals: If you need a pack and play or high chair, please inquire for a unique link to rent these items.
- 24/7 Support: Our team is available around the clock to help with any questions or personalized requests.
- Permit Numbers: Taylor Haus 1: CASR 20200_followed by_73004; Taylor Haus 2: CASR 20200_followed by_72535.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Beckon Homes
Host User ID: 6675690
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6675690
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We're the crew at Beckon Homes. We're a small, family-run boutique property management company that works hard to treat our guests like our loved ones by welcoming them into homes and neighborhoods we ourselves would stay in. Our team is on 24/7/365 to ensure you have everything you need, whenever you need it. We can't wait to host you at one of our homes!
My work: making guests comfy
Most useless skill: no skill is useless!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
9907 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting