URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1450836149829196086
Latitude: 36.1586
Longitude: -86.8066
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Lowkey, your music‑inspired escape in the heart of Nashville. Perched above the 1865 Club Speakeasy, this bold and stylish studio blends laid‑back vibes with local flair. Think vibrant murals, cozy furnishings—with a fully equipped kitchen! Just minutes from Broadway, Midtown, and Nashville's hottest locations! Building offers community pool and gym! From laid-back lounging to lively nights out, Lowkey sets the stage for a stay that’s anything but ordinary!

The space
⭐ Amenities:
- 1865 Club Speakeasy in the Basement
- Seasonal Outdoor Pool (Open May 26th—October 1st From 7AM—10PM, Heated at HOA Discretion)
- Sun Loungers, Outdoor Seating, Outdoor Bar Area, Grills, and Smart TVs in the Pool Area
- Community Gym
- Community Lobby Area with Designer Seating
- Built in desk/high top table for work or dining
- Electric Fireplace

🛌 Studio:
- Primary Bedroom: 1 King Bed with a Smart TV and Cozy Furnishings
- Work Station with a Desk and 2 Seats
*Additional Sleeping Arrangement: 1 Complimentary King Size Air Mattress

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Stainless Steel Appliances
- Fridge, Dishwasher, Single Oven, 5-Burner Stove, Microwave, & Toaster
- Keurig Coffee Maker with Coffee
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom: Single Vanity and a Shower/Tub Combo
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 Shampoo, 1 Conditioner, 1 Body Wash, 1 Body Bar Soap, 1 Hand Bar Soap, 1 Makeup Wipe, 1 Liner for Trash Can.

🚗 Parking:
- Free On-Site Parking Available on a First-Come, First-Served Basis

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
1865 Club Speakeasy in the basement of the building
5 min walk: Starbucks
7 min walk: Zaxby's Chicken Fingers & Buffalo Wings
8 min walk: Blackstone Brewing Co
12 min walk: Street Injera Authentic East African Cuisine
12 min walk: Vegelicious

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
3 mins: Aroi by Smiley Thai
4 mins: Midtown
5 mins: Centennial Park
5 mins: The Parthenon
6 mins: Vanderbilt University
6 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
7 mins: Frothy Monkey
7 mins: Broadway
7 mins: Tennessee State University
7 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Club
7 mins: The Gulch
7 mins: RCA Studio
7 mins: Music Row
8 mins: Germantown
8 mins: Fat Bottom Brewing Co
8 mins: The Nations
8 mins: Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
9 mins: SOBRO
9 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
9 mins: Music City Center
9 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
10 mins: Topgolf
10 mins: Bongo Java
10 mins: The Blue Room at Third Man Records
10 mins: Geodis Park
10 mins: Belmont Mansion
10 mins: McCabe Golf Course
11 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
18 mins: Nashville Zoo
22 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within two (2) hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Maximum of 1 pet under 35lbs each, $100 fee per pet required.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2023 Followed By:2023030198

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire unit, including shared building amenities, such as the gym, pool, balcony, and lobby.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms!
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
18090 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting