URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1331224338271543982
Latitude: 36.0199
Longitude: -86.6994
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 9
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay at our spacious home that is centrally located, close to shopping, restaurants, local attractions, BNA international airport and downtown Nashville. Our home is designed for ultimate comfort and relaxation. This retreat features everything you need for a rejuvenating stay. We look forward to serving you as our guest.

The space
Our beautiful home is perfect for families or groups seeking a relaxing escape! Nestled in a peaceful neighborhood, our home comfortably accommodates up to 9 guests, making it ideal for family gatherings, reunions, or a weekend with friends.

Key Features:
Ample Sleeping Arrangements: 
The property boasts 3 bedrooms, that includes a large master suite with a king-size bed and private master bathroom with a Jacuzzi bathtub. There are two guest bedrooms with queen beds, a large bonus room with a modular sleeper sofa, and extra full-size mattresses. Fresh linens, essentials kit, washcloths, bath towels and other items are provided for your comfort. Each guest room has blackout curtains, a sitting area, charging stations, luggage rack and large closets.

Open-Concept Living Space: 
Enjoy quality time in the bright and airy living room that flows into the dining space. The well-equipped kitchen is perfect for cooking meals. The kitchen has modern appliances and all the essentials, including snacks, pots, pans, dinnerware, bakeware, Keurig coffee maker, choice of coffee, tea or hot chocolate, cookware, bowls/cups, utensils and more. Washer and dryer is also available.

Outdoor Oasis: 
Step outside to our spacious balcony, where you can unwind. It’s the perfect spot for morning coffee or evening stargazing. At night, don’t forget to plug in the outdoor string lights and enjoy the peace and quiet.

Family-Friendly Amenities: 
The property also features free Wi-Fi, free parking, luggage racks, smart TV's with apps in each room and fun games to play located in the large bonus room for entertainment. Games include Uno, Jenga, Checkers, Legos and more!

Dedicated Office Space: 
Our office workspace is ideal for freelancers, remote workers, or anyone needing a dedicated spot to focus on their projects. The workspace features a sturdy desk for your laptop and materials. We provide pens, stationery, and notepads to ensure you have everything you need right at your fingertips.

Convenient Location: 
Located just minutes from local attractions, restaurants, and airport, you’ll have easy access to everything you need for a memorable stay. 

Downstairs Layout:
The first level of the home contains a large living room, well equipped kitchen with breakfast nook with seating for 6, a large pantry, designated dining room with seating for 6, half bathroom, laundry facilities, access to the covered balcony, 3 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms and storage closets.

Upstairs Layout:
Walk up a short flight of stairs and you will find a large bonus room, office workspace and a comfortable modular sectional sofa that can be rearranged into another queen size bed to sleep 2, if needed. There are also 2 extra full-size mattresses with linens.

Nearby Grocery Stores: Sprouts, Kroger, Wal-Mart Supercenter, Publix, Aldi’s and Target.

You are only:
20 minutes drive to Music Row & The Gulch, Vanderbilt University, Belmont University, Lipscomb University, Broadway, Honky Tonks (Tootsie's, Nudie's, Nashville Underground), Ryman Auditorium, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, Grand Ole Opry, Gaylord Opryland Resort, Opry Mills Mall and Music City Center.

15 minutes drive to BNA airport, Nashville Zoo, Cool Springs Galleria.

9 minutes drive to Tanger Outlet Mall.

If you need a recommendation for a place to shop or explore, let us know and we will be glad to offer suggestions.

Guest access
Guests will have 100% access to this home. No smoking or vaping of any kind while on the premises. Thanks.

Other things to note
House Rules!
•	IMPORTANT: Any questions: Please send us a message through Airbnb or call/text us.
•	Check-in time: 3pm
•	Check-out time: 10am
•	Absolutely no smoking or vaping of any kind on the property.
•	No pets. If this rule is violated, an additional fee will be 
        charged.
•	Please do not take anything that does not belong to you. Regarding the essentials kit, please use only what you need. If we determine that other items have been removed from the property during your stay, we will involve Airbnb.
•	Please report any damages immediately.
•	No parties or events. Please contact the host with questions.
•	No unregistered guests allowed.
•	Garbage/recycling: Dispose of garbage in appropriate trash 
         cans/bins.
•	At check-out, please text us to let us know you are leaving   
         and leave all keys on the dining room table.
•	Please treat our property with respect.
•	At the end of your stay, please leave us a positive review on 
        Airbnb. We strive for 5 stars.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Martin & Julia
Host User ID: 360299517
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/360299517
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! I'm Martin and we are a family of five with three wonderful daughters. My wife is a dedicated registered nurse and we both work in healthcare. We love traveling together and sharing our travel experiences with others. Book your stay with us and experience hospitality at its best.
Where I went to school: Lipscomb University & Belmont University
My work: Entrepreneur
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
38 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting