URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1151513340428143622
Latitude: 36.1597
Longitude: -86.8405
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Woodwind—your cozy Nashville stay in the heart of The Nations. Stroll to Fat Bottom Brewing Co. for craft beers, pop into local cafés for pastries, or browse charming boutiques. Take a quick drive to Broadway’s honky-tonks for live music, Vanderbilt for campus charm, or Germantown for award-winning dining. After your adventures, sink into the plush living room for a movie marathon, sizzle up something delicious in the kitchen, or retreat to the bedroom for a GoodNight's sleep.

The space
⭐ Amenities:
- 4 min walk to Fat Bottom Brewing Co
- 13 min walk to Tennessee State University
- Smart TVs
- Dining area
- Bar area
- Ceiling fans

🛋️ Living Area:
- Open‑concept living rooms
- Comfortable couch that turns into a Queen sleeper sofa
- Cozy furnishings
- Smart TV
- Coffee table

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Full kitchen with stainless steel appliances
- Fridge, dishwasher, single oven, 4-burner stove
- Microwave & toaster
- Keurig coffee maker w/ coffee
- Bar seating for 3
- Dining area with seating for 4 guests
- Bar area
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom: King bed with a Smart TV, and closet
- Additional Sleeping Arrangement: Queen sleeper sofa in the living area

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom: Single vanity and stand-in shower
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 Shampoo, 1 Conditioner, 1 Body Wash, 1 Body Bar Soap, 1 Hand Bar Soap, 1 Makeup Wipe, 1 Liner for Trash Can.

🚗 Parking:
- 1 parking spot in the open parking lot is available for guests

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
4 min walk: Fat Bottom Brewing Co
12 min walk: Bringle's Smoking Oasis
12 min walk: Burger + Grain
12 min walk: Jeni's Ice Creams
13 min walk: Tennessee State University
13 min walk: Nicky's Coal Fired
13 min walk: 51st Deli (The Nations)
13 min walk: Bare Bones Butcher
13 min walk: Brightside Bakeshop
13 min walk: Czann's Brewing Company
13 min walk: Field House Tavern
13 min walk: Harding House Brewing Co
13 min walk: Midnight Oil
13 min walk: Rock'n Dough Pizza & Brewery
13 min walk: Southern Grists
13 min walk: Tinwigs
15 min walk: Frothy Monkey
15 min walk: The Nations
15 min walk: Red Bicycle
15 min walk: The Centennial

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
5 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Club
5 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
7 mins: Midtown
7 mins: McCabe Golf Course
8 mins: Broadway
8 mins: Vanderbilt University
8 mins: Centennial Park
8 mins: The Parthenon
9 mins: Germantown
9 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
9 mins: Belmont-Hillsboro
10 mins: Music Row
10 mins: Bongo Java
10 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
10 mins: Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
11 mins: Close Company Bar
11 mins: RCA Studio
11 mins: The Gulch
11 mins: Music City Center
11 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
11 mins: The Filling Station
12 mins: Geodis Park
15 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
18 mins: Nashville Zoo
21 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within two (2) hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Maximum of 1 pet under 35lbs each, $100 fee per pet required.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2024, followed by:2024034286

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property, including open complex parking.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms!
- Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.
- The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, Makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can.
- We'll also be sure to provide you with two (2) paper towel rolls per kitchen and two (2) rolls of bathroom tissue per bathroom.
- Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

Registration Details
2024034286

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
18089 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting