URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1161576099823968895
Latitude: 36.1582
Longitude: -86.8152
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 3
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Cozy & Affordable Apartment | Close to Nashville Hotspots

The space
Big City Access Without the Big Price Tag

Welcome to E-25! This stylish and budget-friendly 1BR apartment is ideal for solo travelers or couples looking for an affordable stay with easy access to Nashville’s top attractions. Located just minutes from Broadway, Midtown, and The Gulch, this home offers a convenient home base to explore the city while staying within budget.

Why You’ll Love This Space:

✔ Comfortable queen bedroom and a futon in the living room (sleeps 3) 

✔ Full kitchen with cookware, utensils, and modern appliances 

✔ Smart TV with streaming capability and high-speed Wi-Fi 

✔ In-unit washer and dryer for added convenience 

✔ Dedicated parking space included 

✔ Automated keyless entry for easy check-in

Important Notes:

•	This is a ground-floor unit - no stairs!

•	The home is equipped with noise monitoring devices that do not record audio but help maintain a comfortable stay for all guests.

•	Guests receive access to a custom digital guidebook with local recommendations and discounts.

Explore Nashville – Nearby Attractions:

•	Centennial Park & The Parthenon – 0.5 miles

•	Midtown/Vanderbilt – 1 mile

•	Music Row – 2 miles

•	The Gulch – 2.5 miles

•	Broadway & Honky Tonks – 3 miles

•	Nissan Stadium – 3 miles

•	Bridgestone Arena – 2.5 miles

•	Germantown – 2.5 miles

•	Top Golf – 3 miles

•	Nashville Airport – 11 miles

Nearby Restaurants & Bars:

•	Retrograde Coffee – 0.3 mi. A sleek, modern café serving expertly brewed coffee in a minimalist setting. Perfect for your morning pick-me-up.

•	Sump Coffee – 0.4 mi. A specialty coffee shop offering a curated selection of beans and precision brewing methods, ideal for coffee enthusiasts.

•	Avo – 0.4 mi. A plant-based restaurant offering creative dishes made from fresh, locally sourced ingredients, perfect for a healthy lunch.

•	Blackstone Brewing Co. – 0.6 mi. A local brewery offering a variety of craft beers and a laid-back setting, ideal for an afternoon drink.

•	SandBar Nashville – 0.6 mi. A tropical-themed bar offering a wide selection of cocktails and a fun, beachy vibe, great for evening cocktails.

Book Your Stay at E-25!

This inviting home provides the perfect mix of affordability and convenience. Whether you’re here for live music, sightseeing, or just a relaxing getaway, you’ll have a comfortable place to unwind after exploring the city. Don’t miss out—reserve your stay today!

Meet the Hosts

iTrip Nashville is a dedicated vacation rental company based in Nashville, TN. Our team is committed to providing a five-star experience for the guests we have the honor of hosting. From spotless spaces to seamless check-ins, we ensure that every detail is covered upon your arrival. We’re available 24/7 to assist as needed. Be our guests and allow us to help you create unforgettable memories in Nashville.

★ Love this property but your dates aren’t available? Reach out to us! We manage a variety of unique rentals across the area and would be happy to recommend another property that fits your needs.

Metro Nashville and Davidson County Permit: 2024followedby042937

Other things to note
Please note that we may collect additional information from you after confirming your booking (usually an email address) in order to comply with local regulations and to provide the best possible experience.

Regulatory Information

20240_42937

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ITrip Nashville
Host User ID: 260899725
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/260899725
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
iTrip Vacations Nashville is a locally owned business that works very hard to provide world-class guest experiences for tens of thousands of guests each year.

Kevin and the entire iTrip staff loves all things Music City and enjoys interacting with visitors and creating wonderful memories for all who travel here or locals getting out and about. 

Please ask if you need anything.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
3662 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting