URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/937645435360091478
Latitude: 36.15286
Longitude: -86.66052
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 3
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Our serene studio is just 15 minutes from downtown Nashville and is a breath of fresh air for guests. The thoughtful amenities and cozy vibe make our serene studio a crowd favorite! You will be close to it all while nestled in a safe, quaint neighborhood!

The space
THE SPACE:
Our Spacious, Serene Studio can comfortably accommodate three people and is the
perfect place to land while exploring Nashville! Guests love the peaceful surroundings and the thoughtful amenities we include!
🛏️ SLEEPING: The space includes one comfy, new queen bed and one full-size sofa bed, which is comfortable and easy-breezy to pull out.
📍 LOCATION: We are conveniently located just 7 minutes (2.5 mi) away from the Nashville International Airport (BNA) and only 15 minutes (7.8 mi) from downtown Nashville! Uber and Lyft easily available. We are located in a quiet, safe, and beautiful residential neighborhood with many restaurants and shopping centers just around the corner. We provide our guests with a list of local favorites – of which there are many!
🥣 CEREAL BAR: Guests absolutely love the fun cereal bar (complete with a selection of dairy/non-dairy milk). Great for breakfasts and late-night snacks alike!
☕ COFFEE STATION: We know you need a good cup of coffee before you head out to explore! We offer creamer and a selection of sugars so you can create your perfect cup!
✨ PORCH WITH TWINKLE LIGHTS: You’ll love relaxing on the huge, private back porch with twinkle lights! Perfect for sipping your morning coffee or having a cozy nightcap!
🌴 HAMMOCK FOR TWO: Catch up on some leisure reading or just listen to the birds sing from the big, comfy hammock! 
📺 SMART TV: Easily log in to your streaming app of choice to watch your favorite show or put on a movie for a cozy night in!
🧑‍🍳 FULL KITCHEN: We supply everything you need to cook during your stay. Whether you want to cook frozen pizza or filet mignon, you can do it here!
🧘🏼‍♀️ YOGA MATS: Want to stretch a little after walking in those boots all day? The studio has two yoga mats so you can get your Zen on!
🍕 LOCAL RECOMMENDATIONS: We make things easy for you and include a list of local favorites, from food to activities!
💻 DEDICATED WORKSPACE: Here on business or living the digital nomad life? Log some hours before going out to have fun in Nashville! 
🧼 THE BASICS: Shampoo, soaps, extra blankets and pillows…we got it all!
🍀 GREEN COMMITMENT: For every night booked, we donate $1 to help offset carbon emissions, and we use sustainable waste-free products.
 
We can’t wait to host you at our Spacious, Serene Studio during your Nashville adventure!

Guest access
GUEST ACCESS:
While staying at the Serene Studio, you will have exclusive access to the space. Guests can enjoy easy self-check-in via the key lockbox. Please note that there is a separate unit on the front side of the house, but there are no shared spaces, so you will enjoy full privacy! You will have a private parking spot just steps away from your entrance. (Only two guest vehicles are allowed on site, please.)

Cereal + Milk Bar
Full Kitchen and Supplies
Smart TV
Coffee Station
Yoga Mats
Hammock for Two
Covered Porch with Twinkle Lights
Outdoor Dining Table
Dedicated Workspace
Games
Books
Essential Oil Diffuser
Makeup Station

Other things to note
OTHER THINGS TO NOTE:
Being close to BNA and DTN, our serene studio offers convenience without compromising on style and charm. Whether you're passing through Nashville or looking for a unique and inviting getaway, our home will charm you with its timeless allure!
Please note that another unit is attached to the front side of the house, but there are no shared spaces, ensuring your full privacy!
Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am to respect the neighbors.
We do not allow glitter on-site.
Smoking is allowed in outdoor spaces only.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Maria
Host User ID: 230939573
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/230939573
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
After I listed my first Airbnb in St. Augustine, Florida, I became obsessed with hosting! I now host at my own properties, as well as help other owners manage their rentals as well – with the help of my rockstar team of property managers. We're passionate about providing the best possible experience to our guests. Whether you're coming in for business, pleasure, or just passing through, we look forward to hosting you!
Lives in Gainesville, Florida
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
8112 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting