URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/25158252
Latitude: 36.20877
Longitude: -86.72381
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
A little guest suite on a 10 MPH street in East Nashville - Inglewood. A quirky space built as an addition to our cottage. Entry is private from the deck at the back of our cottage. The full length of the longest wall of the suite is shared with our cottage where other guests will likely be staying. Expect noise. There's no kitchen. No AC or Heat controls - Our Nest thermostat uses smart sensors. Expect to hear noise from our cottage. We provide a sound machine.
Always professionally cleaned.

The space
The suite is part of an addition to a 1930s era cottage. It's a sunny, open space with a single, private bath (sink, toilet, shower). The quirks: 
1. You will hear noise from our cottage where other guests will likely be staying. We provide a sound machine for your stay. 
2. The space is completely open. There's a sleeping nook with a queen bed and a convertible sofa in the open area.  It's a small space that’s completely open so the sleeping nook is open and visible to the sofa. Think studio, efficiency, all-in-one room flat.
3. Guests enter through a private entrance on the deck at the back of our cottage. The entry wall is all windows and a door with full glass insert. If you're in the suite and looking outside the door you entered you are looking west.  
4. There is no kitchen. We provide a microwave, mini refrigerator and Nespresso Verdura machine with coffee pods.
5. There are no AC or heat controls.
Heat and air conditioning are controlled by Nest thermostat sensors. We provide a little heater and tower fan for extra heat or air. We maintain 69 degrees in warm months and 71 in cold months.
6. Parking for 1 standard sized vehicle only, on a grassy gravel drive. No on street or extra parking.
Light Sleepers? Prefer quiet?  This may not be the place for you. Note that this space shares the main wall with our cottage where up to six other guests will likely be staying at the same time. Expect to hear noise. There's a sound machine in our suite. 
The space is best suited for up to 2 people sharing the queen bed.

Guest access
Guests have access to an outdoor deck and small yard.
A private bathroom with a shower.
A coffee/espresso machine will get you started and on your way.
A mini refrigerator and a microwave.  
There's a  sound machine. Expect Noise.
There is no kitchen. 
The HVAC (heat and AC) is controlled by sensors. There are no controls or thermostat available to guests.
Parking on a grassy, gravel drive. Only 1 vehicle allowed. 
Parking is shared with cottage guests. 
No on street parking.

Other things to note
The suite is a private space attached to a larger space where other Airbnbers will likely be staying at the same time. There is no joint access between the spaces. Think private, in laws suite.  The two spaces are separated by a lock out door. Expect noise.
Bedding for the convertible sofa is left only upon request so be sure to let us know if you plan to use the convertible sofa so we can leave bedding out for you.
The space is best suited for two people who will share the queen sized bed.
There’s also a Baby Bjorn portable crib available upon request.
Follow us on IG @staysatkennedy

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kimberly
Host User ID: 1863505
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1863505
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are originally from Kentucky.  We like to travel, immersing ourselves in the culture of the places we visit, to experience destinations like locals.  We visited France for our honeymoon and found a great place to stay for one month, thanks to airbnb.com.  Since then twin daughters have joined our little family. We are introducing the world of living like a local to them, other family members and hopefully to those we host.
Lives in United States
Pets: no pets
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
14 years hosting
239 reviews
4.73 out of 5 average rating
14 years of hosting