URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/42981113
Latitude: 36.13
Longitude: -86.7964
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your home away from home in Music City! Only 3 miles from Broadway! Gorgeous, completely new home steps from Belmont Blvd. Sleeps 6 comfortably with 2.5 bathrooms. Huge bedrooms with tall ceilings and magnificent natural light. Exposed Brick, wall mounted sinks, back lit mirrors. Smart TVs in all rooms.  All new furniture and appliances. Walking distance to Belmont University, coffee shops, restaurants and boutiques. Less than a mile to 12 South & Hillsboro Village.

The space
Perfect for family trips, work stays, or bachelorette celebrations, this three-story new build is designed for groups to spread out in comfort. Every bedroom has its own private bath with walk-in showers and LED mirrors, and each room is spacious with memory-foam beds and blackout curtains for restful sleep.

The open floor plan features a fully stocked gourmet kitchen, stainless appliances, and a large living area that makes gathering easy. Hardwood floors, brand-new furniture, and cozy details create a clean, modern, and comfortable stay.

Sleeps 6 guests! 
Second Floor:
Bedroom 1: King bed w/en suite full bathroom
Third Floor:
Bedroom 2: Two Queen beds w/en suite full bathroom

FEAUTURES: 
- EVERYTHING is brand new! 
- Private en-suite bath for each bedroom
- First floor stocked kitchen & open living room w/ half bath
- Washer & dryer in house
- Soaps + shampoo provided (see amenities below)
- Free early check-in when available
- Assigned parking (fits 2 tandem) plus plenty of free street parking
- No checkout chores—just lock up and go!

The Location
Just 10 minutes to Broadway and 7 minutes to The Gulch & Midtown, the home is close to the action but tucked in a peaceful, tree-lined Belmont neighborhood. Stroll to 12 South and Hillsboro Village for boutique shopping, coffee, and great local eats. Popular spots like Proper Bagel, Pancake Pantry, and Buttermilk Ranch are right around the corner.

Our local concierge team is available to help with restaurant reservations, private tours, and custom experiences to make your Nashville stay unforgettable.

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire house, except for one locked supply closet. Check-in is seamless with a smart lock, and we’re available 24/7 should you need anything during your stay.

Other things to note
- No parties, events, or unapproved guests without prior written approval. If you're looking to book our place to throw a party, we have exterior security cameras that would allow us to see if there is a party going on and how many guests are ACTUALLY staying at the house. We're ok with small celebrations with the allotted number of guests allowed/booked for. 

- There is NO smoking allowed inside the property. If smoking outdoors, please keep doors and windows closed so the smell does not enter the house, and PLEASE clean up any mess.

- NO pets allowed ON or IN the property. We and other guests have severe pet allergies, and we want to keep this property pet free. 

- No decorations on walls, fixtures, or furniture, but we can connect you with professional decorators! NO GLITTER and NO CONFETTI. Any tape residue or damage found on walls due to your decorations may result in being charged. 

- Please communicate with us about anything that has been broken during your stay. Any excessive mess or damaged items MAY result in withholding of deposit. We are reasonable homeowners and will understand if accidents happen, but please do not try to "hide" it from us as we want to make sure everything is taken care of or fixed before our next guests come to enjoy our property. 

- Leave the home in good condition. Excessive mess or damage may result in charges.

EARLY CHECK-INS OR LATE CHECK-OUTS:
The only way we can guarantee an early check-in is if the night prior to your stay is available, we can block it off for you at half the price. Same goes for late check-out, if there is no one booked the night of your check out date, we can block off the night for you for a guaranteed late check-out at half the price. If you'd rather wait until closer to arrival, we gladly allow early check-ins when the house is ready! 

** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 341547444
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/341547444
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Growing up in Nebraska I'm a Cornhusker through and through.  However Nashville has adopted me and it really is my home now!  I've been here for over 8 years and absolutely love this place.  There’s nowhere quite like Nashville.

I truly hope your time here in our wonderful city is special.  There's something here for everyone!  Please take this time to unwind, enjoy yourself and explore everything Nashville has to offer!

Thank you for staying in my unique little piece of history here in the city.  We've tried to make our home cozy and comfortable yet stylish and fun at the same time.  We hope you enjoy it as much as we do! 

Cheers,

Dave
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
963 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting