URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/49902333
Latitude: 36.18554
Longitude: -86.72478
rental_type: Tiny home
property_type: TINY_HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 6
beds: 7
occupancy: 13
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
At Ironwood Grove we have created an unprecedented tiny house hospitality experience nestled in the bustling, eclectic epicenter of East Nashville. Our 6 tiny homes let you explore the curiosity of tiny living while indulging in our special selection of local amenities, our clever and efficient uses of small spaces, and stunning finishes. We hope Ironwood Grove feels like your cozy (tiny) home away from home as you explore the local music, art, and food of the great Music City.

The space
Take over all 6 of our tiny homes for your group getaway or celebration.

Tiny House M features clever uses of space: a hideaway queen-sized memory foam bed that functions as a couch during the day. A kitchenette and dining counter complete the space, giving you access to all the amenities you need during your getaway. The kitchenette is complete with a mini fridge, microwave, and 2 burner range. Guests are welcome to enjoy our complimentary beverage bar with our exclusive locally roasted coffee and assortment of teas. Open the garage door to let in all of the fresh air and natural light. A fully tiled bathroom and lux shower are complete with the Good Fill's clean, zero waste soaps, and bath & body products. Maximum occupancy: 2

Tiny House O has been designed with striking floor to ceiling wood paneled walls. Featuring a main bedroom with its own balcony lounge, guests rest comfortably on a queen-sized memory foam bed. A full bathroom and lux tiled shower are complete with the Good Fill's clean, zero waste soaps and bath & body products. A small kitchenette features a mini fridge, microwave, and hot plate. Guests are welcome to enjoy our complimentary beverage bar with our exclusive locally roasted coffee and assortment of teas. Maximum occupancy: 2

Tiny Houses L and P This suite features clever uses of space: a hideaway queen-sized memory foam bed that functions as a couch during the day. A kitchenette and dining counter complete the space, giving you access to all of the amenities you need during your getaway. The kitchenette is complete with a mini fridge, microwave, and 2 burner range. Guests are welcome to enjoy our complimentary beverage bar with our exclusive locally roasted coffee and assortment of teas. Open the garage door to let in all of the fresh air and natural light. A fully tiled bathroom and lux shower are complete with the Good Fill's clean, zero waste soaps, and bath & body products. Maximum occupancy in each unit: 2

Tiny House Suite I is a tiny farmhouse featuring fabulous barn wood detailing. Tuck away into the cozy main bedroom and rest comfortably on a queen-sized memory foam bed. The multifunctional open main room hosts a kitchenette, pub table, and living space. It is accented with a functional garage door that allows you to take in all the fresh air and natural light. The kitchenette is complete with a mini fridge, microwave, and hot plate. Guests are welcome to enjoy our complimentary beverage bar with our exclusive locally roasted coffee and assortment of teas. A full bathroom and lux tub and shower are complete with the Good Fill's clean, zero waste soaps, and bath & body products. Maximum occupancy: 2

Tiny House Suite K brings in all of the natural light with its huge picture windows. The star of this suite is its luxurious bath, complete with a ceiling mounted rain shower in an open, concrete bathroom surrounded by frosted glass. It is stocked with the Good Fill's clean, zero waste soaps, and bath & body products. Sleep cozy in the main bedroom on a queen-sized memory foam bed. You'll have plenty of storage with custom built-in cabinets. In the living room, the sofa can be converted into a bed which comfortably sleeps 2 small children or 1 adult. The main living space features a kitchenette where you'll have a mini fridge, two burner stove, and microwave. Guests are welcome to enjoy our complimentary beverage bar with our exclusive locally roasted coffee and assortment of teas. Max occupancy: 2 adults and 2 small children or 3 adults.

Other things to note
Please note that there is a train crossing nearby, so you may hear a train horn during your stay. We have provided earplugs and a sound machine to mitigate this!

Also, please note we have fast WiFi access, but no TVs. You are welcome to bring streaming devices if you need this kind of entertainment!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Erin
Host User ID: 400448120
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/400448120
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: University of Virginia
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
662 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting