URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1418115118688552911
Latitude: 36.1469
Longitude: -86.8167
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Boots & Strings—a stylish 2BR/2BA corner condo in Nashville’s vibrant West End/Midtown near Vanderbilt. Perfect for 2 couples! This condo blends modern comfort with Music City charm, featuring chic decor and personal touches like boot and guitar canvas prints and Nashville postcard art. Steps from the pool and fitness center, and just a short ride to the honky-tonks of Lower Broadway, it’s the perfect home base for relaxing, exploring, and soaking in the spirit of Nashville.

The space
With modern furnishings, a spacious open-concept layout, elevator access, and thoughtful touches throughout, Boots & Strings invites you to fully embrace the spirit of the city. Whether you're here to unwind, explore the buzzing nightlife, or dive into Nashville’s rich cultural scene, this condo offers the perfect home base.

The walls of the condo tell their own Nashville story—featuring canvas prints of beloved cowboy boots worn by my daughters, sisters, and me, and a special print of one of my mom’s guitars. She’s a musician who introduced me to this city, and her spirit echoes throughout the space. You’ll also notice a collection of mixed tiles showcasing iconic Nashville attractions—copies of postcards we once sent my parents during trips to this city we love. These personal pieces bring a sense of history, connection, and character to every corner of the condo.

More than just a place to stay, Boots & Strings is an experience—a space that captures the rhythm and soul of Music City. Whether you're traveling with family, friends, or a special someone, you'll find the comfort of home paired with the convenience of hotel-style amenities. Let this elegant second-floor escape be your home away from home as you make unforgettable memories in Nashville.

Main Living Areas:

Comfort and sophistication are combined in this 2023 constructed condo with tasteful Music City accents for a classy and comfortable stay.

This home away from home will provide you and your guests with everything you need to ensure your stay is enjoyable and easy. 

✔️ 10’ ceilings, hardwood floors throughout
✔️ quartz countertops and an island with seating
✔️ stainless steel appliances (including ice maker)
✔️ in-unit washer/dryer
✔️ a Cuisinart coffee maker with supplies
✔️ free Wi-fi access
✔️ kitchen/bathroom essentials (liquid soap, shampoo, conditioner, toilet paper, paper towel, dish soap, basic cleaning supplies, tissue, etc.).

Kitchen:

This well-equipped kitchen blends style and functionality with sleek gray cabinets offering ample storage, stainless-steel appliances for modern efficiency, and a minimalist breakfast bar—perfect for a quick bite or your morning coffee. Thoughtfully stocked with all the essentials, it’s designed to make cooking easy and enjoyable.

Bedrooms & Bathrooms:

Step into the lavish primary bedroom, which boasts a King bed, smart TV, a walk-in closet, and an exquisite ensuite bathroom, creating an atmosphere fit for royalty. The second bedroom provides a comfortable retreat, featuring another King bed, smart TV, a handy walk-in jack-and-jill closet with a vanity area and a luxurious full bathroom. 2 additional twin XL cots (with bedding) are also available for additional sleeping options.

The Odyssey building accommodations and amenities:

As a guest of the Odyssey, you'll enjoy exclusive access to a range of upscale amenities designed to enhance your stay. Enjoy the sparkling, resort-style pool, complete with sun loungers and a BBQ grill, perfect for soaking up the sun or hosting a casual outdoor meal. *Please note: The pool is open year-round but may close due to extreme weather. Hours of operation are from 8 AM to 8 PM.

Fitness enthusiasts will appreciate the state-of-the-art gym, equipped with everything you need to keep up your workout routine.  The fitness center is available from 5:00 AM to 10:00 PM.

Parking:

Free parking is available in the covered garage (unmarked spots, first-come, first-served) via Avoca St, the garage rooftop, or on nearby streets. The parking garage is at the rear of our Odyssey building, connected by sidewalk.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire space, including access to the community pool and fitness center.

Other things to note
As you enjoy your stay with Boots & Strings, we kindly ask that you treat our condo with the same care and respect you would your own home. This isn’t just a place to stay — it’s our personal home, filled with meaning and memories. We’re grateful to share it with you and hope your time in Nashville is as special and memorable as it is for us!

If any problems arise, we will do our best to act ASAP.

As with any downtown property, the potential for exterior noise should be taken into consideration at the time of booking. The host is not responsible for city noise such as music, traffic, construction, etc.  Please note these details if you are highly sensitive to sound.

This is a multi-unit property and amenity management and maintenance are outside the host's control. While issues rarely arise, any amenity that is unavailable for any reason, including but not limited to the pool, common area, fitness center, etc. is not the responsibility of the host. Refunds/cancellations beyond the cancellation period (as detailed upon booking) will not be honored for these reasons. Please note these details upon booking.

We appreciate your understanding and hope you enjoy your stay!

Nashville STR Permit:2025039726

Registration Details
2025039726

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Maria
Host User ID: 201500703
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/201500703
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Although I’m not from Nashville, it’s held a special place in my heart since my mom—a musician—first brought my sisters and me here. We were instantly hooked! We've returned so often, we call ourselves the “Nashville Sisters”—and yes, our boot collection is real (our husbands say it’s an obsession!). I hope you fall in love with this city like we did, and when you do, I’d love to welcome you back anytime!
Fun fact: My first trip to Nashville was in 2008.
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
88 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting