URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1720279103835647504
Latitude: 36.2624
Longitude: -86.7799
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 5
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
WELCOME TO YOUR PREMIER MUSIC CITY HAVEN

Welcome to your serene escape tucked away haven in the quiet countryside of Nashville, Tennessee. Our on‑farm lodging offers the perfect blend of comfort, nature, and hands‑on farm experiences. Whether you’re seeking rest, creativity, or connection to the land, this is a place where you can slow down, breathe deeply, and enjoy the beauty of rural living. As a working farm  guests can experience the rhythms of farm life at their own pace.

The space
Wake up to birdsong, stroll through wildflower patches, sip tea on the porch, or join in on light farm activities. Every moment is designed to help you unwind and reconnect with nature.

Step through the front doors and feel the immediate embrace of a profoundly inviting atmosphere. Set along the tranquil, tree-lined stretches of Brick Church Pike, this monumental 5,153-square-foot residence offers a grand, sweeping footprint that comfortably accommodates up to twelve guests. When you are seeking the perfect balance between the neon-lit thrill of downtown Nashville and the absolute peace of a private, residential sanctuary, this sprawling home delivers on every front. From the moment you arrive, the sheer scale of the property surrounds you. Vast hallways stretch out, leading your eyes toward the heart of the home, while the impeccably maintained central heating system envelops you in a perfect, cozy warmth regardless of the crisp Tennessee weather outside. You have arrived at a place where every square inch has been considered to offer you and your group the utmost comfort. Whether you are traveling with a close-knit group of friends ready to conquer the local honky-tonks, or a multi-generational family looking to explore the rich history of country music, this expansive property provides the definitive home base. You will never feel crowded here; instead, you will find endless corners for quiet reflection and immense communal areas designed for coming together, sharing stories, and forging unforgettable memories under one magnificent roof.

THE SPACE: A SENSORY WALKTHROUGH

Begin your journey in the main living area, the undisputed core of the home. Here, soaring ceilings amplify the natural light that pours in through expansive windows, casting long, golden shadows across the flawless flooring. Your eyes will immediately be drawn to the centerpiece of the room: a majestic, custom fireplace. Run your hands along its textured hearth and imagine the crackle of burning wood on a cool evening. The seating arrangement is deliberately designed for connection, featuring deep, overstuffed sofas that practically beg you to sink in after a long day of sightseeing. The ambient lighting can be adjusted to create a soft, warm glow that perfectly complements the dancing flames of the fire.

Flow seamlessly from the living room into the full kitchen, a true culinary powerhouse that caters to both the casual morning coffee drinker and the ambitious evening chef. The smooth, cool countertops provide an abundance of prep space, while the premium cabinetry houses everything you need to execute a flawless meal. Imagine the aroma of locally roasted coffee beans wafting through the air as you stand at the center island, the morning sun warming your shoulders. The gentle hum of high-end appliances works in the background, ready to assist you in whipping up a hearty Southern breakfast before you head out into the city. Adjacent to the kitchen is the grand dining area, anchored by a substantial table that easily accommodates your entire group. Under the warm light of the overhead fixture, you can picture the clinking of glasses, the passing of shared plates, and the echoing laughter of your favorite people coming together for a home-cooked feast.

When it is time to retire for the evening, the residence offers five distinct bedrooms, each crafted to provide a restorative night of sleep. Make your way to the primary bedroom, a sweeping sanctuary defined by its tranquil color palette and immense footprint. The mattress offers that perfect, elusive balance of cloud-like softness and essential firm support. Run your hands over the crisp, premium linens and the heavy, light-blocking curtains that allow you to sleep well past sunrise if you so choose. The second bedroom offers its own unique character, perhaps with views of the mature trees outside. The rustling leaves create a natural white noise, while the plush carpeting underfoot keeps your toes warm. The third bedroom continues the theme of uncompromising comfort, featuring layered bedding and an inviting reading nook where you can curl up with a good book. Finally, the fourth and fifth bedrooms act as the perfect communal sleeping quarter for younger guests or friends, offering generous floor space and beds dressed in impossibly soft blankets.

To support your group of ten, the home features two impeccably appointed full bathrooms. Step onto the smooth tile floors and turn on the taps; the water pressure is robust, and the hot water seems endless. Steam fills the room, carrying the subtle, clean scent of fresh cotton towels stacked neatly on the shelves. Whether you are washing away the remnants of a lively night on Broadway or taking a brisk morning shower to invigorate your senses, these bathrooms offer a spa-like daily routine.

✨ Gated Luxury Estate 5BR/3.5BA 

Retreat with Two Levels of living and entertainment space, open outdoors, walking trail etc.

✨Welcome to your ultimate Nashville getaway! Sitting on 14.21 acres in a QUIET neighborhood, this stunning 5-bedroom, 3.5-bath home offers exceptional comfort, style, and space—perfect for family gatherings, corporate stays, and unforgettable Music City vacations. Located in a prime Nashville area, this home blends luxury amenities with the warmth and charm the city is known for.

If additional services or amenities are needed please let us know. We have relationships with venues, transportation etc.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: RedAwning Vacation Rentals
Host User ID: 1711426955910977718
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1711426955910977718
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hosted by RedAwning Vacation Rentals

Welcome to RedAwning, a whole new way to travel. We make staying in a unique home or apartment easier than staying at a hotel. By partnering with local homeowners throughout North America, we provide you with the largest collection of vacation homes in the most destinations.
2 months hosting