URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1742972665709576218
Latitude: 36.208
Longitude: -86.7906
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Modern Nashville escape with rooftop skyline views just minutes from Downtown
✨ Stay just 4 miles (≈10 minutes) from Downtown Nashville & Broadway, giving your group fast access to the city’s best nightlife, restaurants, and entertainment — while enjoying a spacious, private home to relax and recharge.

The space
This spacious Nashville home is designed for large families, friend groups, celebrations, and weekend getaways. With four bedrooms, four full bathrooms, and accommodations for up to 16 guests, everyone can enjoy both shared gathering spaces and room to spread out.
The main living area features comfortable seating, a wall-mounted television, a fireplace, and Nashville-inspired décor. The full kitchen provides everything needed for preparing breakfast, snacks, drinks, or meals for the group.
A separate game room includes a pool table, arcade game, projector screen, popcorn setup, and additional entertainment space.
The private rooftop is the highlight of the home and includes a hot tub, BBQ grill, outdoor dining area, lounge seating, fire table, umbrella seating, putting area, turf, and string lights. Free on-site driveway parking is also provided.

Guest access
🔑 Full private access to the entire home:
🛏️ All 4 bedrooms
🚿 All 4 bathrooms
🛋️ Living room
🍳 Fully equipped kitchen
🌿 Balcony
🧺 Laundry area
🎮 Game room
🌇 Private rooftop
🚗 Driveway parking

Other things to note
This home works especially well for guests who want a fun home base near Nashville’s most popular areas. 

The house is just 4 miles/ 10 minutes drive from Downtown Nashville. The Lucy-pocket competition consistently leans on rooftop amenities, group-friendly layouts, and access to Downtown / Broadway / East Nashville / Germantown, so this listing should do the same — just with its own voice and branding.

Nearby attractions 📍

This part of Nashville is commonly marketed as a convenient base for exploring Downtown, Lower Broadway, East Nashville, and Germantown. Visit Music City describes East Nashville as a popular area for innovative restaurants, dive bars, creative cocktails, live music, art, and vintage shopping, while Germantown is known for its walkable feel, brunch spots, bars, acclaimed restaurants, the Farmers’ Market, and museums. Lower Broadway remains the heart of Downtown’s live-music scene.

Lower Broadway 🎶 – Nashville’s famous live music strip and nightlife hub.
East Nashville 🍸 – great for food, drinks, local shops, and live-music energy.
Germantown 🍽️ – walkable, polished, and packed with restaurants and brunch spots.
Ryman Auditorium 🎤 – one of Nashville’s most iconic live-performance venues.
Nissan Stadium 🏟️ – a major Nashville venue for sports, concerts, and events.
Nearby restaurants 🍽️

For nearby dining, I’d keep the mix local and recognizable rather than generic. Strong options in the East Nashville / Germantown orbit include The Pharmacy, Butcher & Bee, Redheaded Stranger, Five Points Pizza, and Monell’s.

The Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden 🍔🍺 – a well-known East Nashville burger and beer spot.
Butcher & Bee 🥗 – stylish East Nashville dining with seasonal, vegetable-forward, Middle Eastern-leaning plates.
Redheaded Stranger 🌮 – East Nashville taco favorite known for tacos, brisket, Hatch green chiles, and Tex-Mex flavors.
Five Points Pizza 🍕 – popular for New York-style pizza in East Nashville.
Monell’s 🍗 – a classic Germantown option for family-style Southern food.

STR-Permit-2026000970

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kathleen
Host User ID: 686472847
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/686472847
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Kathleen! I’m an entrepreneur, interior design lover, and short-term rental host passionate about creating beautiful, welcoming spaces. I’ve lived all over the Birmingham area for 20 years and love sharing local favorites. When I’m not styling rentals or hosting guests, you’ll find me and my husband working out or playing video games. I believe every stay should feel like home—only better!
Where I went to school: University of Alabama at Birmingham
My work: Host & House Wife
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
4543 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting