URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/651536855882392979
Latitude: 36.17792
Longitude: -86.75505
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 18
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
💃 If you’ve been searching endlessly for the perfect girls’ trip in Nashville, this spot at your fingertips was born for it. This double unit is two side by side condos with a grand total of 8 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, and can comfortably sleep 24 people. Each condo has a minty fresh theme designed to immerse you and your besties in that fun, vacation state of mind as soon as you walk in the door. Re: the vibes are already immaculate, so all you need to bring is the party.

The space
🙋‍♀️ HEY FRIEND! 🌸 WELCOME TO Rosé All Day Meets Totally Clueless by STAY MINTY!

👑 The first condo is themed after the 90’s classic “CLUELESS”. Your friends who are 90’s Queens and Beverly Hills Princesses at heart will totally call dibs on a bed here to come hang out with Cher, Dionne, Tai and the rest of the gang. The second condo is the place to rosé all day, to think pink, to live la vie en rose. Everything in this spot is a gorgeous shade of pink. Our pink-thinking icon, Elle Woods, would approve. Like we said at the top, it’s giving the perfect girls trip.  

🥂 Each spot is equipped with a starter kit, so you have the basics you need to pop off your stay with a bottle of rosé as soon as you get here. Kitchenware. Coffee. Toiletries. The essentials. 

📌 Besides all the goodies we already bring to the table, this location is:
Walking distance to East Nashville’s finest bars and restaurants
Steps from a popular live music spot “The Basement East”
7 minutes to the Country Music Hall of Fame
8 minutes to Broadway

📲 If you’re still here with us at the bottom of the listing, it’s time to send this to the group chat.

📝 THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW
– Property designed and operated by Stay Minty.
– Lowest rates always available direct.
– Discounts may not be available via 3rd party booking sites
 
🛏️ SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS
Rosé All Day
Bedroom 1 ……….. Queen Bed
Bedroom 2 ……….. Full Over Queen Bunk Beds
Bedroom 3 ……….. Queen Bed
Bedroom 4 ……….. Full Over Queen Bunk Beds
 
Totally Clueless
Bedroom 1 ……….. 2 Sets of Bunk Beds
Bedroom 2 ……….. Queen Bed
Bedroom 3 ……….. 2 Sets of Bunk Beds
Bedroom 4 ……….. Queen Bed
 
🏠 IMPRESSIVE FEATURES
– Expansive living areas with plenty of seating
– Full Kitchens with Coffee & Keurig
– Exclusive, Trendy & Themed Décor which provide all the photo ops 
– Sleeps 24
– Prime Location in East Nashville
– Security Cameras
– Supply Starter Kit
 
📌 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!
Get your steps in and check out the coolest local bars and restaurants that East Nashville has to offer all within a casual stroll of our digs. A great live music spot, “The Basement East” is right around the corner. If you want even more excitement, grab an Uber to Downtown Nashville. You’re only 8 short minutes away from Broadway by car. If you want to check out the major tourist attractions, visit the nearby Titans Stadium, the Country Music Hall of Fame which is only a 7-minute drive or take your talents to the likes of the Grand Ole Opry in under 15. You’ll be right between Nashville’s best parks, tourist attractions, night life and the airport.
 
🧼 EVERY HOME, EVERY TIME
In a Stay Minty home, you’ll always find our bathrooms stocked with everything you need to get squeaky clean including shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. Our kitchens have all the essentials needed to prepare your favorite meal. Get your caffeine fix each morning with Keurig coffee pods included with every stay. We’ve even got your TV entertainment covered with hundreds of streaming options to choose from. 

📦 SUPPLY STARTER KIT
No one wants to have to worry about getting to the store after traveling all day! That’s why we provide a supply starter kit – to get you through the first day or two of your stay. The kit includes a roll of paper towels, dish sponge, two dishwasher pods, five trash bags, dishwashing liquid, all-purpose cleaner, a small selection of coffee pods, hand soap, shampoo, conditioner, body wash and two rolls of toilet paper in each bathroom.

✨ Stay Minty homes are immaculate and well maintained by professionals who clean between every guest using the highest standards in the industry.

💚 OUR PROMISE
At  GLAMP by Stay Minty, we’re a dedicated and small (yet mighty) team on a mission to bring more passion and joy into the world through unique shared experiences. And great news for you, we both have the same goal: for your stay to be nothing short of perfect. With that said, sometimes the unexpected happens. You are camping and these domes, are not much different than a tent.... well maybe little cooler, but that’s why you’re here! If anything comes up, we promise to spring into action faster than Taylor Swift after a break-up and do everything we can to resolve it… and then maybe write a hit album about it. I mean, we are from “Music City, USA”.

📲 If you have any issues or are unhappy with your stay, be sure to call, text, or email us like a good friend so we can get your stay back to minty fresh.  Please be mindful that there will be bugs, temperatures will be warm in the summer and cold in the winter so come prepared to camp and enjoy the great outdoors!

We look forward to you booking our home and hosting your stay!!

xoxo,
Stay Minty!

Note: For safety and security, our property is equipped with exterior-only cameras located at the front entrance and driveway. These devices monitor the property perimeter and do not record any interior areas. There are no cameras inside the home.

Other things to note
MINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENTS:

The primary renter must be at least 25 years old. Exceptions are made on a case-by-case basis. Contact us for details prior to booking.
**Guests aged 21 - 24 are eligible to book if these guests pay a $750 refundable deposit or provide proof of damage insurance. 
**We do not accept bookings from guests within a 50-mile radius.

OPTIONAL FEES:
The following fees are paid in addition to and after the reservation is paid for.
- $249 / pet, pet fee (only valid on properties that allow pets. Pets cannot be left unattended which applies to ADA and service animals as well)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Stay Minty
Host User ID: 385134286
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/385134286
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
6 years hosting
169 reviews
4.67 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting