Skip to content
Homes
Homes
Experiences
Experiences
Services
Services
Start your search
Location
Anywhere
Check in / Check out
Anytime
Guests
Add guests
Become a host
2 Bdrm Townhouse 8Mins to Brdwy
Share
Save
Show all photos
Photos
Amenities
Reviews
Location
Entire home in Nashville, Tennessee, United States
6 guests · 2 bedrooms · 4 beds · 2.5 baths
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars.
5.0
·
2 reviews
Hosted by Paul
Superhost · 9 years hosting
Listing highlights
In East Nashville's Five Points
Walkable to East Nashville favorites like Mas Tacos, Dino's, and Barista Parlor along Gallatin Road
Kitchen with a coffee bar
A fully equipped kitchen with a Keurig, pour-over coffee setup, and a dishwasher
Accurate listing, responsive host
Both reviewers highlight how the home matches the photos and praise the host's clear communication
BRAND NEW 2 Bedroom townhouse w/2 decks! Super quick Uber to Broadway, and just minutes to Germantown, Top Golf, Five-Points, Nissan Stadium & more. This beautiful home features 2 professionally decorated  bedrooms and 2.5 baths with jaw-dropping, chic decor located throughout the home. Each bedroom is equipped with ultra-comfy beds with enough to sleep 6 *Local guests will be further vetted. NO PARTIES.

The space
Our modern townhome is in the heart of hip & trendy EAST NASHVILLE/FIVE POINTS, making it the perfect destination for your stay! Professionally designed with every comfort in mind for bigger groups traveling to Nashville & offering amenities you won't find in a hotel. All in the comfort and privacy of your own space.  So whether you're a seasoned group or first time travelers, there truly isn't a better home in East Nashville! 

LOCATION & PROXIMITY - 

+ Minutes From Broadway via Uber/Lyft
+ Blocks away from Mas Tacos, Dino's and Five Points.
+ Nissan Stadium is a 4 min Uber or a 20 min walk. 
+ 15 min Uber to the Nashville International Airport
+ 6 miles to Vanderbilt University
+ 10 min Uber to The Gulch
+ 5 miles to 12 South

AMENITIES - 

**Check out our complete list in the amenities section.**

• Everything in our home is BRAND NEW 
• 2 outdoor patios w/ lounge seating & views
• Ample FREE street parking for the duration of your stay
• Self check in with a smart lock 
• Free 200 mbps WIFI (unlimited access). 
• 4K LED HD TV's in every bedroom & living room (ready for streaming HULU, Netflix etc).
• Fully equipped chef's kitchen 
• Complimentary coffee bar 
• Linens & towels provided for each guest.
• Complimentary bath products (shampoo, conditioner & body wash).
• Desk in each room for working remotely.
• Every bedroom has an en suite or private bath.

Guest access
Kick back, relax, and get comfortable! You’ll have the place all to yourself and feel like you're at your home away from home!

Other things to note
-Valid ID required for stay.
-ONLY registered guests allowed in building/unit.
Show more
What this place offers
Kitchen
Wifi
Dedicated workspace
Free street parking
TV
Washer
Air conditioning
Bathtub
Patio or balcony
Exterior security cameras on property
Show all 59 amenities
Select check-in date
Add your travel dates for exact pricing
Clear dates
Add dates for prices
Add dates for prices
CHECK-IN
Add date
CHECKOUT
Add date
GUESTS
1 guest
Check availability
Report this listing
2 reviews
2 reviews
Average rating will appear after 3 reviews
How reviews work
How reviews work
Sophie
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
January 2024
,
·
Stayed a few nights
Paul’s place was exactly like the pictures! Organized and spacious. It was easy to find and in a good neighborhood. Quick easy Uber to Broadway. His instructions were so helpful and clear! Definitely would stay again.
Show more
Delphina
Dallas, Texas
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
October 2023
,
·
Stayed a few nights
Excellent stay. Paul was very communicative and place is as described.
Where you’ll be
East Nashville, Nashville
Songwriter shows, colorful murals, and renovated bungalows shape this creative district, with casual bars, cafes, and local shops.
Exact location will be provided after booking.
From the host
East Nashville is one of Nashville's HIPPEST & TRENDIEST parts of town! You won't see many corporate "chains" as this part of town thrives on small & local business. Our home is in a safe & great residential neighborhood with a mix of historic homes & new builds. Our home is in the center of a newly developed modern residential area street that is only 1 block from Gallatin Rd, East Nashville’s major drag.

Our home is in the heart of it all! We're a short walk (5-10 minute/from 1-5 block walk in any direction) from all of East Nashville's restaurants, bars, coffee shops, boutiques & music venues. You'll find so many great restaurants (such as Lyra & Peninsula) & bars from local sports bars, dives and craft beer bars (Dino’s, Tailgate Brewery, Mickey's Tavern) to upscale cocktail bars (Chopper’s, Pearl Diver, CAMP) and more. You can walk just a few blocks in any direction & find food, coffee, grocery stores, bars, breweries, pharmacies, gas stations, etc. You will find great spots like Barista Parlor (got to grab a cup of joe to start your day!), Mas Tacos (fantastic casual Mexican!), Duke's (where ALL the locals hang), The Pharmacy (Best burger in town!), The Basement East (great local’s venue seen on the show Nashville countless times) & Hunter’s Station (our brand new food court, home to a variety of Nashville’s best local restaurants.)

If you want to go for a run or find some bike trails, there is a Shelby Bottoms Nature Greenway & Park only 9 minutes away. Also you'll find Shelby Golf Course & Naval Hill Disc Golf course 7 minutes away.

We're 2 miles (8 minute/$8 Uber drive) to downtown Nashville.

And if you're traveling for work, we're 1 mile from Nashville's WeWork space.

Our home is also only a short drive to 12 South, The Gulch & all the best restaurants, bars, & music venues in the larger surrounding Nashville area.

Check out our guidebook for our favorite recommendations.
Show more
Meet your host
Superhost
309 reviews
309
Reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
4.95
Rating
9 years of hosting
9
Years hosting
My work: Musician
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
As a frequent traveler, I know the value of a space to unwind after a day of exploring, working, or making memories. My wife and I designed our home with care, blending comfort and style to create the perfect Nashville getaway for families, friends, or business travelers. Whether you're here for music, food, or the energy of Music City, we hope our home can feel like yours while you're here. Safe travels, Paul
Paul is a Superhost
Superhosts are experienced, highly rated hosts who are committed to providing great stays for guests.
Host details
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Message host
To help protect your payment, always use Airbnb to send money and communicate with hosts.
Things to know
Cancellation policy
Add your trip dates to get the cancellation details for this stay.
Add dates
House rules
Check-in after 4:00 PM
Checkout before 11:00 AM
6 guests maximum
Learn more
Safety & property
Exterior security cameras on property
Carbon monoxide alarm
Smoke alarm
Learn more
Airbnb
United States
Tennessee
Davidson County
Nashville
Explore other options in and around Nashville
Atlanta 
Vacation rentals
Sevierville 
Vacation rentals
Gatlinburg 
Vacation rentals
Pigeon Forge 
Vacation rentals
Indianapolis 
Vacation rentals
Asheville 
Vacation rentals
St. Louis 
Vacation rentals
Louisville 
Vacation rentals
Cincinnati 
Vacation rentals
Other types of stays on Airbnb
Nashville vacation rentals
Nashville monthly stays
House vacation rentals in Nashville
Family-friendly vacation rentals in Nashville
Family-friendly vacation rentals in Davidson County
House vacation rentals in Davidson County
House vacation rentals in Tennessee
Family-friendly vacation rentals in Tennessee
Family-friendly vacation rentals in United States
Site Footer
Support
Help Center
Get help with a safety issue
AirCover
Travel insurance
Anti-discrimination
Disability support
Cancellation options
Report neighborhood concern
Hosting
Airbnb your home
Airbnb your experience
Airbnb your service
AirCover for Hosts
Earnings Protection
Hosting resources
Community forum
Hosting responsibly
Airbnb-friendly apartments
Join a free hosting class
Find a co‑host
Refer a host
Airbnb
2026 Summer Release
Newsroom
Careers
Investors
Gift cards
Airbnb.org emergency stays
Footer section
© 2026 Airbnb, Inc.·Privacy·Terms·Your Privacy Choices
English (US)
$
USD