URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1602481928681740193
Latitude: 36.16738740156663
Longitude: -86.75847578229252
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in a Piece of Nashville History: Welcome to "The Sanctuary," a stunning 1900s historic church that has been reimagined as luxury condos. Unit B blends original architectural charm with modern industrial design.

The space
The Sanctuary B | Historic Church Reno | King Bed | East Nashville
Stay in a Nashville Icon

Welcome to The Sanctuary, a beautifully restored historic East Nashville church transformed into six boutique luxury condos. Unit B blends the character and soul of the original architecture with modern comfort and thoughtful design—offering a stay that’s truly one of a kind.

Walk past the historic church façade and step into a bright, open-concept flat featuring boutique finishes, stainless steel appliances, and a relaxing King Suite. It’s the perfect mix of old and new.

🏡 The Space

This cozy 1-bedroom, 1-bath condo is ideal for a romantic couples’ getaway, but can comfortably host up to four guests with flexible sleeping options.

Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 4)

Primary Bedroom:
The King Suite 👑 — Enjoy a divine night’s sleep on a premium King mattress.

Living Room:
Queen Air Mattress (available upon request for groups of 3–4)

Interior Highlights

Holy City Living — Modern renovations inside a historic shell

Smart TV and high-speed WiFi

Fully stocked kitchen with Keurig, cookware, and stainless appliances

Central air & heat

Keyless entry for easy self check-in

🍳 Kitchen

Modern Amenities — Everything you need to prepare breakfast before heading out or a late-night snack after Broadway, including:

Refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher

Coffee maker (Keurig), dishes, utensils, and cookware

📍 Location – Shelby Avenue

You’re right in the heart of East Nashville’s action:

Nissan Stadium 🏈 — Shelby Ave leads directly into the stadium parking lot
Perfect for Titans games, concerts, and events

Five Points — Minutes to the best bars, music spots, and Five Points Pizza

Turnip Truck — Nearby natural grocer for easy meal prep

Broadway — Just a 5–7 minute Uber ride across the river

🚗 Parking

Free Street Parking along Shelby Ave — easy, safe, and a true Nashville perk

✨ Why Guests Love Unit B

The “Cool” Factor — How often can you say you stayed in a renovated church?

Luxury King Bed — Rare comfort after a night out

Prime Location — Straight shot to Nissan Stadium and minutes to Five Points

Historic Charm + Modern Comfort

Guest Access

Guests enjoy full, private access to the entire condo during their stay.

Other Things to Note

Street parking is typically easy to find along Shelby Avenue

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mike
Host User ID: 152189800
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/152189800
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
5 months hosting