URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1401644294178486965
Latitude: 36.1841
Longitude: -86.7548
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 14
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Four private apartments, one unforgettable stay—Kay's Lofts is perfect for groups who want to stay together without sacrificing privacy. Located in the heart of East Nashville, this brand-new property combines four side-by-side 1-bedroom apartments, each with its own living room, kitchen, bedroom, and bathroom. Just minutes from downtown and Nashville's top dining, live music, and attractions, it's ideal for couples' getaways, family gatherings, business travel, and group retreats. 🌆

The space
This listing brings together four distinct, side-by-side one-bedroom apartments—Kay’s Retreat, Kay’s Nest, Kay’s Perch, and Kay’s Nook.

Things You’ll Love:
◆ Four distinct one-bedroom apartments
◆ Prime location in the heart of East Nashville—just 2 miles from Broadway
◆ Open-concept living spaces
◆ Private bedrooms for comfort and privacy
◆ Stylish interiors designed by a local decorator
◆ Smart TVs in every living room and bedroom—easily connect to your favorite streaming apps
◆ Fully equipped kitchens with modern appliances
◆ Convenient shared parking lot
◆ High-speed Wi-Fi throughout
◆ Private washer and dryer in each apartment
◆ Walking distance to Five Points and some of Nashville’s best restaurants
◆ Just one block from the iconic Pharmacy Burger

Sleeping Arrangements for Kay's Retreat: 
◆ Bedroom: King Bed + Smart TV
◆ Living Room - Sofa bed + Smart TV

Sleeping Arrangements for Kay's Nook:
◆ Bedroom: Queen Bed + Smart TV

Sleeping Arrangements for Kay's Perch:
◆ Bedroom: King Bed + Smart TV
◆ Living Room - Sofa bed + Smart TV

Sleeping Arrangements for Kay's Nest: 
◆ Bedroom: Queen Bed + Smart TV
◆ Living Room - Sofa bed + Smart TV

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering Kays Hideaway for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
The apartments are located on the second floor of the building, and please note, there is no elevator.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5412 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting