URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1528371948097679263
Latitude: 36.1459
Longitude: -86.7662
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Modern luxury, private en-suite bedrooms, and an unbeatable Wedgewood-Houston location make The Elmwood the perfect Nashville getaway. This stylish 4-bedroom, 4.5-bath retreat features thoughtfully designed living spaces, a fully equipped kitchen, and elevated modern finishes throughout. Just minutes from Broadway, Geodis Park, and Nashville's best restaurants, breweries, and art galleries, it's perfect for family vacations, group getaways, business travelers, and extended stays. 🌆

The space
Things You’ll Love
✦ Private rooftop retreat with lounge seating, a gas fire pit, spacious dining table, and skyline views
✦ End-unit privacy with extra windows and abundant natural light
✦ Spacious living area with 55” TCL Smart TV
✦ Fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances, open shelving, and oversized island with bar seating.
✦ Four private bedroom suites, each with its own full bathroom and Smart TV.
✦ Mini bar with mini fridge and half bath on the top level for rooftop entertaining.
✦ High-speed Wi-Fi and Smart TVs throughout for all your favorite streaming apps.
✦ Washer & dryer for added convenience.
✦ Off-street parking for one vehicle
✦ Family Friendly -Pack-n-play, high chair, and baby gate available to rent for an additional fee.
✦ Dog Friendly - $150 pet fee for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions!

Sleeping Arrangements
First Floor:
✦ Bedroom 1 – King Bed + 2 Roll-Out Twins + Private Full Bath (walk-in shower) + 45” TCL Smart TV
✦ Bedroom 2 – King Bed + Twin Bunk Beds + Private Full Bath

Second Floor:
✦ Full kitchen with oversized island with bar seating and living room with 55” TCL Smart TV

Third Floor:
✦ Bedroom 3 – Two Queen Beds + Private Full Bath (walk-in shower) + 45” TCL Smart TV
✦ Bedroom 4 – King Bed + Private Full Bath (walk-in shower) + 45” TCL Smart TV

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Just steps away is SŌLR Pilates, Nashville’s infrared hot mat Pilates studio. Guests staying in our townhomes receive 20% off classes and priority booking for private group sessions, perfect for bachelorette groups, birthdays, or a relaxing wellness experience during your stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
One parking space is included in the shared lot behind the building. Additional 2-hour parking is available out front, with free overnight street parking a few blocks away.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5404 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting