URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1698889199815894575
Latitude: 36.1429
Longitude: -86.76308
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your perfect Nashville getaway starts here! Just 10 minutes from Broadway, Belmont University, and Vanderbilt University, this stylish 3BR townhome sleeps 8 with 4 real beds. Enjoy a full kitchen, fast WiFi, Smart TV, in-unit washer/dryer, and FREE on-site parking — everything you need for a comfortable stay near the heart of Music City.

The space
THE SPACE

This isn't a cookie-cutter rental. A record player, guitar, and locally inspired artwork give this townhome real Nashville soul the kind of place that feels like the trip the moment you walk in.

Sleeps 8 comfortably: 3 spacious bedrooms, 4 beds, 2.5 bathrooms. Everyone gets a real bed no fighting over the couch after a night on Broadway.

Full kitchen: Cook group breakfasts before a day downtown. Drip coffee maker included for slow mornings.

In-unit washer and dryer: Pack light, stay longer, leave with clean clothes.

Fast WiFi and smart TV: Stream your shows, share your reels, or squeeze in a remote workday.

Free on-site parking: Multiple spots in the complex lot plus street parking bring the whole convoy without paying downtown garage prices.

THE LOCATION 10 MINUTES TO EVERYTHING

Broadway honky-tonks and live music. Bridgestone Arena and Ryman Auditorium. Country Music Hall of Fame. Hattie B's Hot Chicken and Five Points Pizza. Centennial Park and Radnor Lake hiking. Quick drive to BNA Airport.

Close enough to be in the action in minutes far enough to actually sleep.

WHY GUESTS BOOK WITH US

Hosted by Nashville Nooks, a local boutique team not a faceless corporation. Our founder, is an Airbnb Superhost with a curated portfolio of Nashville homes. We reply within the hour, every time. Need restaurant recs, a late checkout request, or anything mid-stay? Message us we live here and we've got you.

GOOD TO KNOW (PLEASE READ)

Self check-in after 4 PM via smart lock skip the front desk. No pets allowed service animals are welcome in accordance with Airbnb's accessibility policy. Lively side street means occasional road noise. Several similar units in this community; minor design details may vary from photos. Quiet hours after 9 PM great for groups, not for parties or events. Exterior security cameras for your safety (none inside).

Weekends near Broadway book fast lock in your dates now and start planning your Nashville trip!

Guest access
Guest access
Guest Access:You'll have the ENTIRE townhome to yourselves all 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, full kitchen, living spaces, and in-unit laundry. No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group.

SELF CHECK-IN: Self check-in: your digital door code is sent by text/email 3 hours before check-in  just enter it on the smart lock keypad. A backup lockbox with a spare key is also on-site for emergencies. Message us anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking in the community lot (first-come, first-served) plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee maker everything in the home is yours to use from check-in to checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just a message away we typically respond within the hour if you need anything during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting