URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/2581896
Latitude: 36.16922
Longitude: -86.74108
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your comfy home away from home in the heart of E. Nashville.  Well appointed one bedroom/one bathroom apartment inc. wifi & w/d.  By car 2 minutes to Five Points; 5 minutes to Ascend Amphitheater and Nissan Stadium; 5 -10 minutes to downtown, Bridgestone, Music City Center and honky-tonks; 10 - 15 minutes to Nashville International Airport; 3 blocks to Shelby Park, 5 minutes to Shelby Bottoms, easy access to freeways to all that Nashville has to offer!

The space
We wanted to make the apartment feel like your comfortable home away from home and the overwhelming consensus is we hit the mark and then some.  Please check out our reviews to see what folks are enjoying so much about the space.  Please ask about a discount for stays longer than 30 days.

I'll start with location, location, location:  12 blocks and 1 turn to major freeway access going in any direction in the city; 5 minutes to LP Field, Ascend Amphitheater,  and downtown by car; less than 10 minutes to Music City Center; walking distance to much that makes East Nashville such a great place to live and 2 - 5 minutes by car to all the rest of the great eats and shopping of East Nashville; 10 - 15 minutes to almost everything else including the airport, 12th South District, Vanderbilt area, The Gulch, Opryland and much more.

This cozy and comfortable 1 bedroom 1 bathroom apartment has everything you need whether traveling for business, pleasure, or checking out the area for a potential move here. Great for someone traveling alone, a couple, a family, or a small group of friends (or you can rent both sides for a larger group, see my profile for the other listing pics and The Yellow Cottages of E. Nashville for price break on renting both sides).

There are hardwood floors throughout, central heat and air, and fully stocked kitchen with all the essentials (minus a dishwasher on this side but if you rent both apartments there is one on the other side).

It sleeps 2 - 4 (or up to 8 if renting both sides) comfortably with a brand new Novaform 14" Comfort Grande Plus Gel Memory Foam queen mattress in the bedroom,  plenty of storage, and a full-sized futon couch with memory foam topper in the living room.  The bedroom has cordless cellular shades to allow lots of light yet maintain privacy and also has black out curtains in case you want to sleep in.  There is also a washer and dryer in the kitchen so it is great for longer stays.  

As your home away from home the apartment is furnished with a 37" flat screen tv with Roku to access all your favorite paid channels like Netflix, Hulu, etc and antenna for local channels, free high speed wifi, and plenty of books and games for adults and children.  There is plenty of parking on the street in front of the apartment and no permit is required.  There is also free parking on the grass behind the duplex.

Guest access
This is your private home away from home during your stay.  
The apartment has convenient keyless entry and I will text you your private door code the morning of your arrival.  Please feel free to let yourselves in and make yourselves at home at your convenience (any time after 3:00p.m. unless other arrangements have been made in advance).  Please Airbnb message, text, or call if you need anything!
Both apartments are available for rental but rent separately and have separate entrances.   See separate listing for getting a price break on renting both sides.

Other things to note
Check In and Check Out times can be flexible depending on the guests' schedules before and/or after you.  If you want guaranteed early check in, it is best to book the night before.  Otherwise, just ask and I will gladly let you know what is possible though I probably won't know for sure until a day before your arrival.  

While we would love to have you stay as long as you like, we will provide paper towels, toilet paper, dish soap, etc enough for your stay up to a week.  For stays longer than a week, please replenish these supplies as needed.

This listing is legally permitted and all sales, local, and hotel taxes are included.  The permit number is two zero one followed by five one two followed by eight two one.

Registration Details
201512821

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Christy
Host User ID: 13221453
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/13221453
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My husband, Chris, and I are not Nashville natives but have lived in Nashville for over 25 years and very much consider it home.  Our teenage son, Zachary, is a native Nashvillian :-)  We love sharing our home in our beloved East Nashville neighborhood.  We think it is the ideal location for exploring the city.

We love to travel and live like locals when we do.  We hope you enjoy staying with us as much as we enjoy hosting!
Most useless skill: I can speak double dutch
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
815 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting