URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1430096902296598460
Latitude: 36.1904
Longitude: -86.7727
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover your ultimate Nashville getaway in this luxury 3-story townhome just 1.5 miles from Downtown & Broadway! Featuring 2 spacious bedrooms, modern high-end finishes, fast Wi-Fi, free parking & a full kitchen, it’s perfect for groups, families & business travelers. Relax on the rooftop deck with stunning skyline views or explore nearby honky tonks, live music bars, restaurants, Topgolf, and Nissan Stadium. Pet-friendly & centrally located, this stylish home puts Music City at your doorstep!

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.  

ACCESS TYPE:
▻ Guests have full access to the entire townhome, including all three floors, rooftop deck, and private amenities.

SPACE LAYOUT:

1st Floor
▻ Family Room – Features a 55" HDTV, Queen memory foam sleeper sofa, additional Queen self-blow-up mattress and full-size tri-fold memory foam mattress available
▻ Kitchen – Fully equipped with granite countertops, stove, oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, drip coffee maker
▻ Dining Area – Open layout with ample seating and counter space
▻ Bathroom – Half bath
▻ Laundry – Washer & dryer available

2nd Floor
▻ Bedroom 1 (Master) – Furnished with a King-sized bed, 55" HDTV, large walk-in closet, and en-suite bathroom with upscale finishes
▻ Bedroom 2 – Furnished with two Queen-sized beds, 39" HDTV, full closet
▻ Bathroom – Private en-suite for guest bedroom with modern finishes

3rd Floor
▻ Rooftop Lounge – Approx. 600 sq ft rooftop deck with seating and stunning downtown views
▻ Wet Bar – Includes a mini-fridge and serving space
▻ Views – Numerous windows with elevated skyline views

HIGHLIGHTS:
▻ 3-story townhome with high-end finishes
▻ Rooftop deck with stunning Nashville skyline view
▻ 1.5 miles from downtown, close to Broadway, Topgolf, and more
▻ Multiple HDTVs, PS4, and free WiFi
▻ Modern kitchen and spacious living areas
▻ Parking- 2 dedicated parking spots
▻ Pet Friendly

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ Townhome includes stairs; no elevator
▻ Not wheelchair accessible

Note: Our home is situated near a busy street and a lively neighborhood, so guests may experience some traffic and occasional neighborhood noise during their stay.

Guest access
PARKING: 
▻ There is one dedicated outdoor parking spot and free street parking is available.

ENTERING THE HOME: 
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In Using a Smart Lock with a Unique Code Per Guest.

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES:
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee.
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings.
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs.
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500.
▻ Please ensure pets are cleaned up after.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

By booking this property, you agree to follow all rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation.

POLICIES:
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available).
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access.
▻ Late Check-Out – Late check-out is not guaranteed and requires host approval. Standard checkout applies unless approved. To guarantee a later stay, book the next night if available. Unauthorized late check-outs incurs violation fees.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ Pet Policy – We’re happy to welcome pets! A $140 non-refundable fee applies, plus $50 for each additional pet. This helps cover the extra deep cleaning to keep the home fresh for all guests.

▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy.
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item)
▻ Cancellation - We provide a free cancellation if you cancel more than 30 days in advanced or within 24 hours of confirmation (as long as the check in date is more than 2 weeks out). If the cancellation is not during these windows, we will provide you a refund of any amount recouped from another booking during the same reservation dates, but this can only occur if you cancel the reservation to allow us to host other guests.
▻ There are exterior cameras installed above the front door and above the back door. It is on and recording 24/7.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1661 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting