URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1672117652279142912
Latitude: 36.15502978043197
Longitude: -86.7745723095489
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 0
beds: None
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: beds
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the energy of Music City with a stay just steps from Nashville’s famous Broadway district. Spend your days exploring live music venues, local restaurants, and iconic attractions before unwinding at the rooftop pool. This studio offers a fun and convenient home base for couples or small groups ready to enjoy Nashville’s vibrant atmosphere.

The space
Margaritaville Vacation Club Nashville brings a laid-back island vibe to the heart of downtown. The resort features a rooftop pool and bar area, relaxed gathering spaces, and easy access to the city’s best entertainment.

Guests can enjoy the lively Margaritaville atmosphere while staying within walking distance of Broadway’s honky-tonks, live music venues, and dining options. The central location makes it easy to experience everything Nashville has to offer.

This studio accommodation offers a comfortable layout designed for couples or small groups visiting Nashville. The space typically includes a king bed or similar sleeping arrangement, a sitting area, and a full bathroom.

Unlike larger villa-style units, the studio does not include a full kitchen but may offer a kitchenette setup for light meals. The layout provides a convenient and comfortable place to relax after a day exploring downtown Nashville.

The resort is located in downtown Nashville, just a short walk from Broadway and many of the city’s most popular attractions. Guests can easily explore live music venues, restaurants, shops, and entertainment throughout the area.

Nearby attractions include the Country Music Hall of Fame, Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, and the Ryman Auditorium. The walkable location makes it easy to enjoy Nashville’s music scene and nightlife without needing a car.

Items to note:
- Conference room is booked at a fee. Please contact resort for details.
- Valet parking on-site is available for $65 plus tax per night. Self-parking is not available at this resort. Prices are subject to change.


Koala Disclosure:

IMPORTANT CHECK-IN INFORMATION

- CHECK-IN GUEST: This booking requires the specific NAME and ADDRESS of the person checking in. Please confirm that with our team. Changing the check-in guest name may incur additional charges from the resort. 

- ID REQUIRED AT CHECK-IN: THE NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE PERSON CHECKING IN MUST MATCH THE PHOTO ID PROVIDED TO US.

DURING YOUR STAY

- NO SALES PRESENTATION REQUIRED: This resort is part of a timeshare program, and you may be invited to attend a sales presentation during your stay. Attendance is completely optional and is never required when booking through Koala. Pro tip: If you choose to attend, the gifts and incentives are often negotiable.

- The primary guest checking in must be at least 21 years old.

- Resorts own and manage all units/amenities; unit assignments at check-in.

- Room photos are samples; actual furniture/layout may vary.

- The Resort is responsible for maintenance, may alter/close select amenities due to repairs or other factors. Koala is responsible for ensuring your check-in and unit category only. 

- Koala manages stays on behalf of individual timeshare owners and is not responsible for unit condition or resort services. For resort, unit or guest related issues after check-in, please contact the resort management.

BEFORE YOUR STAY

- BOOKING CANCELLATION POLICIES WILL BE UPHELD. No refunds after the cancellation deadline due to any reason, including force majeure, unexpected health issues, flight cancellations, Covid-19 (except full resort closures), natural disasters, or personal changes. For these reasons we always recommend purchasing our trip protection for unforeseen circumstances like these or others.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Koala
Host User ID: 738161651
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/738161651
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Koala stays combine hotel-style amenities with real living space. Travelers get direct access to top-tier vacation clubs and timeshare resorts — at rates you won't find anywhere else.
Speaks English
Lives in New York, New York
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
8 months hosting
256 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
8 months of hosting