URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1062307508091230600
Latitude: 36.1439
Longitude: -86.8196
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Nashville in style! This luxurious 2-bed, 2-bath unit offers a private sauna and easy, one-level living. Enjoy a modern kitchen, balcony, and two king suites, both with en-suite baths. Walk to West End bars, restaurants, Vanderbilt, and shops. Broadway is just a 5-10 minute Uber away. Includes 2 free gated parking spaces. Relax and unwind in your private spa! STRP# 2023#013095

The space
🏡 Unit #201 – One-Level Luxury with Private Sauna
This stylish and thoughtfully appointed unit is located just steps from the elevator, making access a breeze. Everything is on a single level for easy living.

As you enter, you’ll walk into a sleek, modern kitchen featuring an island with seating for three and a dining table that comfortably seats four. The kitchen is stocked with both a drip coffee maker and a pod machine, so you can start your mornings just the way you like. (Note: There is a locked owner's closet in the kitchen that is not accessible to guests.)

The living room offers a comfortable futon for extra sleeping arrangements and opens up to a private balcony with seating for four and a cozy coffee table—perfect for sipping your morning brew or unwinding in the evening.

🛌 Sleeping Arrangements & Layout
Bedroom 1: King bed with en-suite bathroom featuring a walk-in shower, double vanity, and spacious closet. Includes a desk and chair for remote work or planning your day, plus a flat-screen TV for your entertainment.

Bedroom 2: King bed with en-suite bathroom, a walk-in closet, single vanity, and shower. Also features a desk and chair, ideal for business travelers or extended stays.

🔥 Private Personal Sauna
A standout feature of this home is your very own private personal sauna, perfect for relaxing after a day exploring Nashville or winding down in luxury. Enjoy spa-like tranquility without leaving the comfort of your space.

❗️Please Note
There is no washer/dryer inside the unit, but you’ll find an iron and ironing board located in one of the bedroom closets for your convenience.

🅿️ Parking
You’ll have access to two dedicated parking spaces located in the secure parking garage behind the building, accessible via the alleyway. There is also free street parking available right by the front doors for added convenience.

Guest access
We have a keyless locking system. You will gain access to the home via a house code that we create specifically for you. That code will be sent to you with your check in instructions a few weeks prior to your arrival and you may share that code with your group if you wish. YOU WON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT SHARING OR LOSING A KEY! :)

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting