URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1592975586194242822
Latitude: 36.20759
Longitude: -86.85857
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Fully furnished, newly remodeled two bedroom, one bathroom duplex just minutes outside Downtown Nashville. Designed for traveling professionals, it comfortably sleeps up to 4, and offers a bright, modern layout with an updated kitchen, stainless appliances, and inviting living space. All utilities and high speed WiFi included, plus a brand new in-unit washer and dryer. Enjoy driveway parking, a large covered patio, and a quiet backyard. Pets with approval, available now.

The space
Step into convenience and comfort in this fully furnished, newly remodeled duplex just minutes outside the heart of Nashville. Designed with traveling professionals in mind, this two bedroom, one bathroom home offers an easy landing spot that’s calm, clean, and modern.

The updated kitchen features stainless appliances, thoughtful storage, and everything you need for everyday living. Both bedrooms offer comfortable furnishings and ample closet space. The living area is welcoming and well-appointed, and the entire home has been refreshed to create a turn-key experience.

Enjoy the convenience of an all-new washer and dryer inside the unit. High speed Wi-Fi is included. All utilities are included. A dedicated driveway provides simple parking right by your door.

Step outside to a large covered patio overlooking the backyard, perfect for relaxing after long shifts or unwinding on weekends.

This home is located within a short 10 minute drive of grocery stores, major retailers, restaurants, parks, and multiple healthcare employers. It’s a strong fit for traveling nurses, corporate stays, relocation assignments, and those seeking a flexible mid-term option.

Key Details:
• 1 Fully furnished duplex unit
• Newly remodeled interior and updated kitchen
• All new stainless appliances
• Two bedrooms, one bathroom
• All utilities included
• High speed WiFi included
• New in-unit washer and dryer
• Driveway parking
• Large covered patio/deck and backyard
• Pets allowed with approval
• Available immediately

Guest access
The entire 2BR full bath duplex!

Other things to note
Beginning July 1, 2026, this property will be available for stays of 30 nights or longer only. Please confirm your requested dates before booking.

This fully furnished, newly remodeled two bedroom, one bathroom duplex delivers a clean, modern, and easy stay just minutes outside Nashville. Designed for traveling professionals, the home is turn key and comfortably sleeps up to four people, making it perfect for individuals seeking extra space, couples, or two coworkers sharing housing.

Inside, the layout is bright, refreshed, and thoughtfully arranged. The updated kitchen features stainless appliances, modern cabinetry, and all essentials for daily cooking and cleaning. The living area offers a comfortable place to relax after long shifts or wind down on weekends. Both bedrooms include quality furnishings and real closet space that help longer stays feel natural and organized.

High speed WiFi is included, all utilities are covered, and the brand new in-unit washer and dryer bring the kind of convenience that makes life easier when you are working demanding hours. Parking is simple with a dedicated driveway right at the door.

One of the standout features is the outdoor space. Step onto the large covered patio overlooking the backyard, giving you a private and quiet place to recharge, enjoy morning coffee, or relax at the end of the day. The peaceful setting adds something special that many mid-term rentals do not offer.

The location is another major benefit. Grocery stores, restaurants, parks, major retailers, and multiple healthcare employers are all within a quick 10 minute drive. It strikes the balance between convenience and calm, avoiding the noise and congestion of busier parts of the city while still keeping you close to everything you need.

This home works especially well for travel nurses, contract workers, corporate guests, relocation assignments, and anyone wanting a clean, flexible, mid-term home base that feels like a private residence instead of an apartment complex.

Key Highlights:
 Fully furnished duplex
 Fresh remodel with modern updates
 Updated kitchen with stainless appliances
 Two bedrooms and one bathroom
 Sleeps up to four
 All utilities included
 High speed WiFi included
 New in-unit washer and dryer
 Driveway parking
 Large covered patio and backyard
 Pets allowed with approval
 Available immediately

Registration Details
2026002217

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Ernest
Host User ID: 48446098
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/48446098
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Real Estate Broker and Property Manager
My work: real Estate Broker
8 months hosting
4 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
8 months of hosting