URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1640620495395370589
Latitude: 36.19787
Longitude: -86.82653
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★ Cliffside Social by AvantStay ★ 

• Modern Nashville home with rooftop lounge, game room, and space for 8—minutes from downtown
• Rooftop lounge with outdoor kitchen, BBQ, dining table, seating, and mini golf
• Game room with pool table, Pac-Man arcade, and darts
• Bright open living space with full kitchen and dining area
• Four bedrooms, including king primary suite with ensuite
• Close to Broadway, Germantown, The Nations, and top music venues

The space
Welcome to Cliffside Social, a modern Nashville retreat designed for gathering, relaxing, and enjoying Music City in style. With a spacious open-concept layout, a rooftop lounge built for entertaining, and a lively game room, this home is the perfect home base for your group getaway.

Inside, the bright and airy main living space invites everyone to come together. The comfortable living room offers plenty of seating for movie nights or post-adventure relaxation, while the sleek kitchen is stocked with all the essentials you need to prepare meals and snacks during your stay. Just steps away, the dining table seats six—ideal for shared dinners before heading out to explore Nashville.

When it’s time for some friendly competition, head to the game room. Play a round on the pool table, try your luck on the Pac-Man arcade machine, or challenge friends to a dart match. Whether you're starting the night or winding down, this space keeps the fun going.

Upstairs, the rooftop lounge is the true highlight of Cliffside Social. This elevated outdoor space features a full lounge setup perfect for enjoying Nashville’s skyline views and warm evenings. Fire up the BBQ in the outdoor kitchen, gather around the dining table for sunset meals, relax in the seating area with drinks, or test your skills on the rooftop mini golf setup for a little lighthearted competition.

After a full day of exploring the city, four comfortable bedrooms provide space for up to eight guests to rest and recharge. The primary suite features a king bed and private ensuite bathroom with a shower. The second bedroom offers two twin beds and its own ensuite with a shower/tub combo—great for friends or younger travelers. Two additional queen bedrooms provide cozy accommodations and share convenient access to the remaining bathrooms.

Located just minutes from downtown Nashville, Cliffside Social places you within easy reach of the city’s most iconic experiences. Spend the day exploring Broadway’s famous honky-tonks and live music venues, grab dinner in trendy neighborhoods like Germantown or The Nations, tour the historic Ryman Auditorium, or catch stunning river views along the Cumberland. When the night winds down, return to your private rooftop to take in the city lights and relax with your group.

Whether you're in town for music, food, celebrations, or simply time together, Cliffside Social delivers the perfect mix of modern comfort, rooftop fun, and Nashville energy.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note that a Pack'n''Play and a High-chair are available upon request.
- Noise is expected. This home is close to downtown Nashville, so street traffic and city sounds can be heard, especially in the evenings and on weekends. Sound machines and earplugs are provided for your comfort.

Parking Details:
- Open-lot parking is available with no assigned spaces. Garage parking is not available.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit: 2024/10/6896

Registration Details
2024106896

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting