URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1645073309033648980
Latitude: 36.202
Longitude: -86.6869
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★The High Note Hideaway★ is a beautifully designed 4BR, 3.5BA luxury retreat for up to 10 guests in Nashville’s Inglewood area, just minutes from downtown and Opryland. With nearly 4,000 sq ft, it features soaring ceilings, expansive living spaces, a panoramic tower room, and a spa-style suite. Set on a private acre with a pond, firepit, and spacious back deck seating, it offers upscale comfort in a peaceful, nature-filled setting near Nashville’s top attractions.

The space
What We Love About ★The High Note Hideaway★...
-Stunning tower room wrapped in panoramic windows—an unforgettable space for sunrise coffee or peaceful escapes above the treetops
- Resort-style primary suite with steam shower, soaking tub, and private sauna for a true spa experience at home
- Expansive 4,000 sq ft layout with soaring 10-foot ceilings and multiple gathering spaces designed for groups
- Private one-acre retreat with a serene pond, spacious back deck with seating, and firepit—perfect for relaxing evenings and spotting local deer
- Unbeatable location just minutes to the Grand Ole Opry, Opryland, and a quick drive to Broadway and downtown

From the moment you arrive, The High Note Hideaway makes a striking first impression with its modern design, generous layout, and thoughtfully designed spaces. Set on a private one-acre lot, the home offers the perfect balance of peaceful retreat and easy access to Nashville’s best attractions.

The ground level provides convenient access with an extended driveway, offering plenty of parking for multiple vehicles. An elevator connects each level of the home, making it easy to move between floors and adding to the home's thoughtful design.

The main living level is designed for gathering and relaxing. The open-concept kitchen is fully equipped for preparing meals and includes a spacious walk-in pantry for added convenience. The kitchen and dining area flows seamlessly into the living room where guests can unwind around the electric fireplace while enjoying the large TV and surround sound system. This floor also features a dedicated laundry room, as well as a convenient half bath for guests. Also located on this floor is the first primary suite. This peaceful bedroom features a king-size bed, walk-in closet, and a private ensuite bathroom with dual vanities and a large walk-in shower.

Outside, the large backyard provides a relaxing natural setting, with a spacious back patio with seating where guests can gather around the firepit in the evenings or enjoy bird watching by the pond. One of our favorite parts of the property is the local wildlife — it’s common to see deer near the creek from the backyard and through the kitchen windows in the quiet morning and evening hours. The one-acre lot creates a rare sense of privacy while still being close to everything Nashville has to offer. 

The second level offers even more space for guests to spread out, including a second living room that provides an additional space to relax and gather. A convenient coffee station and morning kitchen make it easy to start the day without heading downstairs. The second primary suite on this level is designed as a private retreat with both a king bed and a queen bed, an electric fireplace, and a luxurious spa-style ensuite bathroom featuring a dual vanity, steam shower, soaking tub, and sauna. Two additional guest bedrooms are located on this floor, each furnished with a queen bed. These rooms share a full bathroom in the hallway that includes a dual vanity and a shower/tub combination.

One of the most unique features of the home is the upper tower room. Surrounded by windows and filled with natural light, this elevated space is perfect for quiet moments, reading, or simply enjoying the peaceful views of the surrounding property, while a separate year-round holiday room adds a fun, festive touch that spreads cheer no matter the season.

The High Note Hideaway sits in Nashville’s charming Inglewood area, a neighborhood known for its relaxed vibe and convenient location. Guests are just a short drive from some of the city’s most iconic attractions. The Grand Ole Opry, Opry Mills Mall, and the stunning Gaylord Opryland Resort are only about five minutes away. Downtown Nashville and Broadway’s famous live music scene are just twelve minutes away, making it easy to enjoy restaurants, nightlife, and entertainment. Nashville International Airport is also about a twelve-minute drive, making arrivals and departures simple and stress-free.

Whether you're visiting Nashville for music, celebrations, or a relaxing getaway with friends and family, The High Note Hideaway offers a one-of-a-kind setting with spacious comfort, thoughtful amenities, and a location that keeps you close to everything while still feeling like a private retreat.

Experience the space, style, and peaceful surroundings of this remarkable Nashville home and make unforgettable memories at The High Note Hideaway.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property.

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home. Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home. We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay. In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee. Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver. It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay. The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior. Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!). Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage. The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines.

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Fun fact: Been in multiple earthquakes together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23140 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting