URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1284363066709746082
Latitude: 36.147
Longitude: -86.8166
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Nash Pad by AvantStay! A bright, modern apartment on the quiet West End side of Midtown, walkable to Centennial Park and a quick ride from Broadway.

🌮 Tito's Mexican Restaurant right downstairs
🏊 Access to the building pool, BBQ & fitness center
🌳 Steps from Centennial Park & the Parthenon

The space
Set on the quiet West End side of Midtown — steps from Centennial Park and an easy reach from Vanderbilt, Music Row, and downtown — Nash Pad is a light-filled apartment for travelers who want the city at their doorstep and a calm place to land when the day winds down. Floor-to-ceiling windows pull daylight across the living space, where plush furnishings and a smart TV make it easy to settle in after hours out exploring.

The kitchen is fully equipped and ready for whatever the trip calls for, whether that's a proper home-cooked dinner or takeout spread across the counter, with barstool seating for slow morning coffee or a late-night recap. When it's time to rest, the primary bedroom offers a king bed, its own smart TV, and an en-suite bath, while the second bedroom keeps things serene with a queen. A sleeper sofa in the living room adds room for a couple more.

Beyond the front door, the Odyssey rounds things out with access to the building's amenities — a seasonal pool, a BBQ and fire-pit area, and a fitness center — and Tito's Mexican Restaurant sits right downstairs for the nights you'd rather not go far for dinner.

Location does much of the work here. Centennial Park, with its walking trails and full-scale Parthenon replica, is a short stroll up West End, and the surrounding Midtown blocks are stacked with restaurants, cafes, and bars you can reach on foot. Broadway's honky-tonks and the buzz of downtown are a quick drive or rideshare away — close enough for a big night out, far enough to actually sleep. Bright, modern, and easy to settle into, Nash Pad puts the best of Nashville within comfortable reach.

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- The apartment is located on the 4th floor, with elevator access available.
- Due to ongoing development in the area, you may experience nearby construction noise during your stay.
- There is a sleeper sofa in the living room.

Parking Details:
- Parking is provided on a first-come, first-serve basis in the top-floor parking garage. No reserved parking. Guests can park in any spot that is not marked reserved. No parking pass required.
- If no garage spaces are available upon your arrival, or If you have extra vehicles, additional street parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis.

A high chair and pack n' play travel crib can be provided upon request with at least 24hrs advanced notice.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

STR Permit Registration: CASR 202/306/6424

Registration Details
2023066424

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6903 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting