URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/4840084
Latitude: 36.28188
Longitude: -86.55548
rental_type: Entire chalet
property_type: CHALET
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This is a wonderful lakehouse chalet sitting on Old Hickory lake and incredible views of the Western sunsets. Relax, have fun, spend quality time with friends and family right here. An easy 22 mile drive to downtown Nashville.

The space
Unmatched views from this hillside lake cottage! Enjoy the 180-degree panorama of the wide part of Old Hickory Lake. The view is due west, so the sunsets are terrific. Sit in the hot tub on the lower deck while you watch the sun drop over the water. Sit on the hillside, or the porch swing, or one of the decks,  there are so many options for hanging out and taking it all in. Sailboats and other watercraft wander by, including an occasional large working barge.

Superb location, peaceful feel of a lake home, nestled in the trees on a steep hillside. Panoramic setting overlooking Old Hickory Lake. This truly is a year-round paradise.

Central heat and air in this lake cottage, an A-frame chalet built in the late 1970's. It is modest in size and structure but made to fit neatly into the forested hillside and present the look and feel of a true lakeside vacation cottage.

The lakefront lot is on deepwater.This is not just a lake view cottage, it is ON the lake. 

This cottage has a gas log fireplace inside for relaxing evenings by the fire and a propane grill outside for some quality summer barbeque. The sunroom is a great place to eat, read, sip wine or coffee surrounded by the view of the lake and the trees.

The relaxing feel is incredible here, tucked away on a hill at the end of the road, surrounded by tall trees. Goodbye stress, you are on vacation at the lake. Rustic shabby chic cottage decor, see photos.

Fantastic retreat - a real Tennessee lake cottage. On a lovely section of Old Hickory Lake. Hot tub on the back porch. Two car garage, with heat and air sources. Private and wooded. Your front yard is sloped right into the lake. The two bedrooms have hardwood floors. Small but fully stocked kitchen. Provided are linens for beds, towels for bathrooms and internet.

This hillside perch has a long winding sidewalk. Elderly guests that want to avoid the steps to the water can simply enjoy the view from the front deck of the cottage. (Check the photos!)

Only 22 miles to downtown Nashville, and even closer to BNA, the Nashville airport. Great for peace and quiet, thinking and creative pursuits. Great for creative time. Write your #1 hit song here!

Please send inquiries, you may call Horton Properties at numbers listed. Possibility for extra bedroom(s) for long term rentals.

Deepwater lake frontage lot with a stellar lake view from the many different perches of the property. The cottage features an all-glass sunroom, and a terraced deck. There is also storage in the 2 Car Detached Garage. The cottage is located at the end of the cul-de-sac. Mature trees. Sit on your deck, facing west, and watch great sunsets with a 180-degree view of the lake.

Up to 2 well-behaved dogs are welcome, for an extra $75 + tax pet fee to be charged separately after booking. 

Excessive cleaning fee can be applied upon inspection after check-out.

Guest access
Lockbox located on garage, we'll send your code prior to arrival.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Patrick
Host User ID: 24908928
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24908928
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We have a some vacation homes in Tennessee, Vermont, Maine, and Florida. We love to travel, but we enjoy hosting even more! Contact us to see if we can help with your upcoming trip, we are confident that you will enjoy your stay in any of our properties!!
Where I went to school: Albion College (Michigan)
My work: Property management
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
1625 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting