URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1739975161192822590
Latitude: 36.16103720095734
Longitude: -86.77538134795722
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Sound Check, a 2BR downtown Nashville stay inside The Saddlery, just 2 min from Broadway and within easy reach of Printer’s Alley, rooftop bars, museums, and late-night bites. Two king bedrooms, a sleeper sofa, smart TV, workstation, full kitchen, and bar seating for 5 give your group an easy place to regroup between plans.

🎸 2 min to Broadway
🛏️ 2 king bedrooms + sleeper sofa
🍳 Full kitchen + bar seating for 5

The space
Nashville doesn't do background music, and neither does Sound Check. Two minutes from the neon pull of Broadway, this two-bedroom downtown stay puts your group close to honky-tonks, rooftop bars, and late-night food runs, with just enough space to reset before the next round.

Inside, the open-concept living area works like the group headquarters. High ceilings keep the space feeling easy and open, while cozy seating, a smart TV, and a sleeper sofa make room for movie marathons, morning recaps, and the friend who “crashes” but definitely stays. The kitchen keeps the trip moving with stainless steel appliances, a four-burner stove, microwave, toaster, drip coffee setup, dishwasher, and bar seating for five — the natural landing spot for takeout, pre-Broadway drinks, and day-two brunch.

Both bedrooms keep things simple and comfortable with king beds, so nobody has to negotiate over the better room. The primary bedroom adds a workstation and closet for anyone pretending to check email between plans, while the second bedroom includes a closet and dresser for settling in properly. A sleeper sofa in the living area gives the group extra flexibility when the trip needs one more soft landing.

When the day turns into tickets, last-minute plans, or one more round before calling it, Sound Check keeps you close enough to say yes. Catch a show, wander into a museum, chase rooftop views, or follow the music until someone finally admits it’s time to head back.

In the heart of downtown Nashville, The Saddlery puts you within a few blocks of both Broadway and Printer's Alley — one of the most walkable, most coveted addresses in the city. This is downtown the way you'd actually want to do it: live music and honky-tonks one direction, tucked-away bars and late-night eateries the other, rooftop views and local favorites filling in everywhere between. Inside, thoughtfully designed units give you somewhere just as good to come back to — a place to slow down and regroup between the nights out. And when the whole crew's in town, units can be booked together, so larger groups can spread out while staying right next door to one another.

AvantStay provides an upscale experience with services that elevate your stay and save time so you can enjoy every moment. Guests have access to a 24/7 support team and a tech-enabled concierge to book services, such as fridge stocking, mid-stay cleanings, and private chefs. For anything you need (or never knew you needed), we're at your service!

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, ""Nashvegas"" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashvile, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Please note this unit is located on the 2nd floor of the building; however, an elevator is available onsite.
- This is downtown Nashville, so guests should expect noise from nearby restaurants, bars, sirens, and occasional construction. Worth setting expectations upfront rather than letting it be a surprise review.
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- The building offers both stair and elevator access to all Saddlery units.
- Please note that individual units may vary slightly in design, location, and views. Photos are representative and may not reflect the exact unit booked.
- There's no washer or dryer in the unit, but a laundromat is located nearby for anyone who needs to freshen up a few things during a longer stay.

Parking Details:
- No dedicated on-site parking — guests rely on paid nearby lots or paid street parking.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2020053950

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting