URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1739346874177286616
Latitude: 36.1952
Longitude: -86.7738
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Hearth & Song, and experience Nashville in pure luxury and style! Designed for group getaways,a spacious 3-bed, 3.5-bath home delivers top-tier entertainment and iconic downtown and river views. Whether you’re practicing your swing on the golf sim, sipping wine by one of the fire pits, relaxing in the hot tub, enjoying massive TVs, or getting glammed up in the Get-Ready Station for a night on Broadway, this home will deliver an extraordinary Music City experience—all under one roof!

The space
💎 THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR 💎

✔ Bachelor & Bachelorette Groups
Get ready for a memorable celebration! The stylish decor and convenient location near Nashville's famous nightlife make this the perfect party pad.

✔ Friend Meetups
Reconnect with friends in a space built for good times. The ample common areas and flexible sleeping arrangements are perfect for making new memories.

✔ Family Reunions
With plenty of space, a safe environment, and thoughtful amenities like our Pack N' Play, this home is designed for family-friendly fun.

✔ Concert & Event Goers
Skip the traffic! Our prime location offers quick and easy access to top venues, like Nissan Stadium ensuring you never miss a beat.

—---------------------------

💎 LIVING & DINING 💎

✔ Fully Stocked Kitchen with lots of amenities including; paper towels, dish soap, dish washer pods, large garbage bags, small garbage bags and everyone's favorite COFFEE with an easy to use keurig or a Espress machine. 

✔ Large spacious living rooms, game rooms & outdoor areas means you have plenty of room for everyone to catch up, binge your favorite series or just simply relax.

—---------------------------

💎 BEDROOMS 💎

Sleep soundly in one of our 3 bedrooms, all equipped with high-quality linens that are professionally cleaned and sanitized between every guest.

✔ Bedroom 1: A comfortable King bed and a pack 'n play for your little one.

✔ Bedroom 2: A tranquil retreat with a soft queen over queen bunk bed.

✔ Bedroom 3: Features more versatile sleeping arrangements with 2 queen over queen bunk beds ( 4 queens total ) and 2 hideaway twin roll out beds. A private attached bathroom and large get ready room is also located in bedroom 3 for added convenience and privacy.

—---------------------------

💎 BATHROOMS 💎

Our bathrooms are fully stocked with everything you need. You'll find plenty of fresh bath towels, washcloths, hand towels, and even dedicated makeup towels. For your convenience, we also provide complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body wash.

✔ Bathroom 1: Located on the main floor next to the kitchen is a full bathroom with a private shower closet featuring a tile stand up shower. 

✔ Bathroom 2: A Jack N' Jill style bathroom located between bedroom 1 & Bedroom 2. Equipped with a shower-tub combo.

✔ Bathroom 3: A large private ensuite located in bedroom 3. Features a large tile shower, separate water closet and dual vanities. The get ready station is also located just off of bathroom 3. 

✔ Bathroom 4: A half bath located on the third floor between the stairs and the large rooftop patios

—---------------------------

💎 WHAT’S CLOSE BY 💎

Explore the best of Nashville from our East Nashville location! You'll be close to the city's top attractions and local gems. 

✔ Five Points: A vibrant, walkable neighborhood hub in East Nashville centered around the intersection of Woodland Street, 11th Street, and Clearview Avenue. It is famous for its eclectic local restaurants, bustling nightlife, & independent boutiques. Located only 8 minutes away. 

✔ Nissan Stadium: A short 5-minute drive (2 miles), will connect you to Nashville’s largest stage & the home of the Tennessee Titans and the world’s biggest performers.

✔ Broadway: Dive into the heart of Nashville's vibrant energy and famous nightlife, just 9 minutes away (2 miles).

✔ Opry Mills: Find It. Love It. From top-tier shopping to family fun—and everything in between. Opry mills mall and convention center has everything music city has to offer. Located 14 minutes from the house (10.5 miles) 

✔ The Gulch: A trendy, highly walkable neighborhood  between Music Row and the central business district located just 12 minutes from the house. Known for its vibrant street art, upscale dining, and chic local boutiques - A Locals favorite. 

✔ BNA: Need to catch a flight? Enjoy easy access to and from the airport. Our space is only 11 minutes away.

Guest access
✔ The Entire Property is Yours: Enjoy full and private access to the entire home for your group's stay.

✔ Easy Self Check-In: You'll receive a unique code before you arrive, allowing for a seamless and secure check-in process.

✔ 24/7 Guest Support: We're here for you. Feel free to message or call us anytime, day or night, with any questions or needs you may have.

Other things to note
💎HOUSE RULES💎

We want to make sure your stay is as enjoyable as possible. Please keep the following house rules in mind:

✔ Quiet Hours: We kindly ask that you observe quiet hours from 10 p.m. to 7 a.m.

✔ Smoke-Free Environment To preserve the air quality and integrity of our home, this is a 100% smoke-free property. This policy strictly includes cigarettes, vapes, and all THC products. Should smoking occur, a minimum $100 specialized restoration fee will be charged to cover the cost of professional ozone treatment and odor removal.

✔ Pet Policy: To maintain a pristine environment for all guests, we do not allow pets.  Any unauthorized pets will be subject to a minimum fee of $100.

✔ Enjoy Your Stay We are thrilled to host you. We simply ask that you treat our home with the same care and respect as your own. Our goal is for you to have a truly unforgettable experience—enjoy your time in Nashville!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jeff
Host User ID: 1739346693075264524
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1739346693075264524
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 months hosting
5 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
2 months of hosting