URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1365370904413411595
Latitude: 36.17196311506069
Longitude: -86.79651342926465
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Rooftop skyline views, a firepit, and elevated Western-inspired design make The Velvet Spur the perfect Nashville getaway. This beautifully renovated 4-bedroom, 4-bath home sleeps up to 12 guests and features a fully equipped kitchen, luxurious beds, and a rooftop oasis with a grill, outdoor dining, and lounge seating. Just 6 minutes from Broadway and 2 minutes from Germantown, it's perfect for family vacations, group getaways, celebrations, and Music City adventures. 🌆

The space
Things You'll Love
◆ Four spacious bedrooms, each with a private en-suite bathroom—no shared or half baths
◆ Rooftop retreat with stunning Downtown Nashville skyline views, a gas fire pit, outdoor dining for eight, and a BBQ grill
◆ Newly renovated chef's kitchen featuring a gas range, fully stocked cookware, and a coffee bar with both single-serve pods and a 12-cup carafe option
◆ Family-friendly amenities including built-in bunk beds, children's toys, board games, and a high chair
◆ Smart TVs in every bedroom and the living room for effortless entertainment
◆ Dedicated workspaces in multiple bedrooms, perfect for remote work or getting ready for a night out
◆ Attached garage parking for one car plus additional free street parking
◆ Washer and dryer available for guest use
◆ High-speed wireless internet 
◆ Convenient location with easy access to Downtown Nashville
◆ Dog-friendly – $150 pet fee per stay (up to 2 dogs, no breed or weight restrictions)

Sleeping Arrangements
First Floor
◆ Bedroom 1: Queen bed with private en-suite bathroom featuring a walk-in shower

Second Floor
◆ Bedroom 2: Two full-size bunk beds and two twin-size bunk beds with private en-suite bathroom featuring a tub/shower combination

Third Floor
◆ Bedroom 3: Two queen beds with private en-suite bathroom featuring a tub/shower combination
◆ Bedroom 4 (Primary Suite): King bed with private en-suite bathroom featuring a spacious walk-in shower

Additional Sleeping Details
◆ Sleeps up to 12 guests comfortably
◆ Every bedroom includes a Smart TV, blackout window coverings, luggage racks, and closet storage
◆ Dedicated workspaces available in select bedrooms

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
◆ The Velvet Spur is a three story townhome with stairs between each level, plus a fourth floor rooftop terrace. Guests should be comfortable navigating stairs throughout their stay.

STR Permit: T2025019092

Registration Details
2025019092

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5404 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting