URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1729840534571034180
Latitude: 36.16421598592145
Longitude: -86.77797540568831
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: None
occupancy: 2
fields_status: missing: beds
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a downtown Nashville getaway near Broadway, live music, dining, and nightlife. This Hotel King stay at Bluegreen Downtown Nashville offers a modern and comfortable home base close to the energy and excitement of Music City.

The space
Discover the perfect blend of Southern charm and upscale modernity at the Bluegreen Downtown Nashville, the newest hotel-style accommodations added to the prestigious lineup of vacation destinations. Nestled in the heart of the historic Printer’s Alley, this new addition is a 15-story, 88-room hotel in Music City that offers guests an unforgettable Bluegreen hotel stay in Downtown Nashville's vibrant entertainment district.

Discover the perfect blend of Southern charm and upscale modernity at the Bluegreen Downtown Nashville, the newest hotel added to our prestigious lineup of vacation destinations. Nestled in the heart of the historic Printer’s Alley, this 15-story, 88-room hotel in Music City offers guests an unforgettable stay in Downtown Nashville's vibrant entertainment district.

Please note that these hotel-style accommodations do not include amenities that may be available at other Bluegreen properties, including kitchen, dining, and living room areas.

The prime location of the Bluegreen Downtown Nashville places you just steps away from the city's iconic attractions, such as the Country Music Hall of Fame, Ryman Auditorium, and the historic Broadway district. Immerse yourself in the thriving music scene, explore art galleries, and indulge in retail therapy at the nearby shopping centers. You'll find many bars, restaurants, retail stores, and popular attractions within a half-mile radius, and the iconic Broadway is a mere three blocks away. Renowned venues such as the Ryman, Tennessee Performing Arts Center, Bridgestone Arena, and Nissan Stadium are just as close, making our hotel the perfect base for your Nashville adventure.

Choose from a range of elegantly designed hotel guest rooms and one presidential suite featuring modern furnishings infused with classic Southern flair. Enjoy a restful night's sleep in our comfortable beds, stay connected with complimentary high-speed Wi-Fi, and unwind with premium amenities, including flat-screen TVs.

Items to note: 
-Valet parking only: $52/night with unlimited in/out privileges. Complimentary parking is not available in town. No access for oversized vehicles like trailers, RVs, trucks, and some SUVs. To utilize Bluegreen’s valet, please arrive at the front of the resort in the valet lane. Contact the resort with questions.
-Upon check-in, each reservation requires a major credit card for a $100 Pre-Authorization. This is a cashless resort. For your convenience and ease during the check-in process, we accept only major credit cards.

Koala Disclosure:

IMPORTANT CHECK-IN INFORMATION

- CHECK-IN GUEST: This booking requires the specific NAME and ADDRESS of the person checking in. Please confirm that with our team. Changing the check-in guest name may incur additional charges from the resort. 

- ID REQUIRED AT CHECK-IN: THE NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE PERSON CHECKING IN MUST MATCH THE PHOTO ID PROVIDED TO US.

DURING YOUR STAY

- NO SALES PRESENTATION REQUIRED: This resort is part of a timeshare program, and you may be invited to attend a sales presentation during your stay. Attendance is completely optional and is never required when booking through Koala. Pro tip: If you choose to attend, the gifts and incentives are often negotiable.

- The primary guest checking in must be at least 21 years old.

- Resorts own and manage all units/amenities; unit assignments at check-in.

- Room photos are samples; actual furniture/layout may vary.

- The Resort is responsible for maintenance, may alter/close select amenities due to repairs or other factors. Koala is responsible for ensuring your check-in and unit category only. 

- Koala manages stays on behalf of individual timeshare owners and is not responsible for unit condition or resort services. For resort, unit or guest related issues after check-in, please contact the resort management.

BEFORE YOUR STAY

- BOOKING CANCELLATION POLICIES WILL BE UPHELD. No refunds after the cancellation deadline due to any reason, including force majeure, unexpected health issues, flight cancellations, Covid-19 (except full resort closures), natural disasters, or personal changes. For these reasons we always recommend purchasing our trip protection for unforeseen circumstances like these or others.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Koala
Host User ID: 738161651
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/738161651
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Koala stays combine hotel-style amenities with real living space. Travelers get direct access to top-tier vacation clubs and timeshare resorts — at rates you won't find anywhere else.
Speaks English
Lives in New York, New York
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
8 months hosting
256 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
8 months of hosting