URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1609885397202931830
Latitude: 36.197
Longitude: -86.7709
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 6
beds: 12
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Come stay in two of our designer luxury Nashville homes, perfect for groups! Together, they offer 6 bedrooms, 12 beds, and 6 bathrooms, ensuring plenty of space and comfort. Each home features a private rooftop—one with a hot tub, one with a fire pit—plus stunning finishes, chef’s kitchens, open living spaces, and blazing-fast Wi‑Fi. Ideal for your ultimate Nashville getaway!

The space
✨ Two Chic Nashville Homes | Private Rooftops, Hot Tub & Fire Pit ✨

Welcome to your ultimate Music City getaway! We’re thrilled to offer two designer Nashville homes, each blending modern luxury with comfort and group-friendly space. Together, they feature 6 bedrooms, 12 beds, and 6 bathrooms, perfect for friends, families, or couples traveling together. Whether you’re here for music, food, celebrations, or a stylish escape, these homes deliver an unforgettable stay.

⸻

🏡 The Spaces

Step inside either home to discover a thoughtfully curated interior with upscale finishes, designer furnishings, and open-concept layouts perfect for gathering:
• Spacious living areas with plush seating and smart TVs
• Fully equipped modern kitchens with stainless steel appliances and quartz countertops
• Dining areas ideal for group meals, game nights, or planning your Nashville adventures

Every detail has been carefully selected to create spaces that feel elevated yet inviting.

⸻

🛏️ Bedrooms & Bathrooms

Each home offers privacy and comfort for your group:
• 3 stylish bedrooms per home, with premium linens and ample storage
• Spa-inspired bathrooms with modern vanities, quality towels, and hotel-style amenities

Together, the homes accommodate 6 bedrooms, 12 beds, and 6 bathrooms, perfect for large groups or multi-family trips.

⸻

🔥 Private Rooftop Retreats

The highlight of these homes is their exclusive private rooftop decks:
• One home features a hot tub with breathtaking Nashville skyline views
• The other has a fire pit, perfect for evenings under the stars
• Lounge seating in both rooftops ideal for morning coffee, sunset cocktails, or late-night conversations

These outdoor spaces offer elevated, serene escapes while staying close to the city’s excitement.

⸻

📍 Prime Nashville Locations

Both homes are located minutes from Nashville’s top attractions:
• Quick access to Downtown, Broadway, East Nashville, and Music Row
• Close to award-winning restaurants, coffee shops, bars, and local boutiques
• Easy access to major highways and rideshare services

Enjoy the best of the city while retreating to private, peaceful havens at the end of the day.

⸻

✅ Amenities & Highlights

• High-speed WiFi
• Smart TVs
• Washer & dryer
• Central heating & air
• Keyless entry / self check-in
• Dedicated parking
• Open-concept living & dining areas
• Chef-ready kitchens

⸻

⭐ Perfect For

• Weekend getaways
• Friends’ trips or couples’ retreats
• Families traveling together
• Concerts, events, or celebrations
• Guests who appreciate style, comfort, and group-friendly spaces

⸻

Book now and experience two of Nashville’s most luxurious homes, from stunning interiors to private rooftop fire pit and hot tub decks. These homes are designed to impress and make your Nashville stay unforgettable.

These properties have special local compliance requirements, including a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a $1500 security hold per home (pending transaction, not a traditional deposit). Guests may opt for a non-refundable damage waiver: $89 for stays up to 10 nights, plus $2/day for longer stays.

We use a secure, app-free platform called Happy Guest, providing a guest portal with all home details and favorite local spots—no account needed.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime—we’re happy to help!

Guest access
Guests enjoy exclusive access to the entire home, including all bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchen, living areas, and the private rooftop with hot tub and fire pit.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting