URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1708804467852082525
Latitude: 36.171402278796315
Longitude: -86.79690565061414
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Game room fun, a private rooftop with a firepit, and modern industrial style make The Iron Horse the perfect Nashville getaway. This newly renovated 4-bedroom, 4-bath home features a pool table, ping pong, Pac-Man, a fully equipped kitchen, and a rooftop terrace with a BBQ grill, outdoor dining, and sunset views. Just minutes from Germantown, Broadway, and downtown, it's perfect for family vacations, group getaways, celebrations, and Music City adventures. 🌆

The space
Things You'll Love

Rooftop Terrace:
◆ Lounge area with a fire pit
◆ Outdoor dining table perfect for group meals
◆ Gas grill for cookouts at home
◆ The perfect spot for sunset cocktails with friends

Game Room & Entertainment
◆ Pac Man arcade machine
◆ Pool table
◆ Convertible ping pong table

Inside the Home
◆ Newly renovated with warm, modern interiors
◆ Sleeps up to 12 guests across four spacious bedrooms
◆ Every bedroom includes a private ensuite bathroom
◆ Fully stocked kitchen with a Keurig Duo and all the essentials
◆ Dedicated workspaces in multiple bedrooms
◆ High-speed WiFi throughout
◆ Washer & dryer
◆ Dog-friendly – $150 pet fee per stay (up to 2 dogs, no breed or weight restrictions)

Sleeping Arrangements

First Floor:
◆ Bedroom 1: Queen bed, ensuite bathroom with shower, Smart TV

Second Floor:
◆ Bedroom 2: Bunk beds with 2 double beds and 2 twin beds, ensuite with shower/tub, Smart TV, desk

Third Floor:
◆ Bedroom 3: 2 double beds, ensuite with shower/tub, Smart TV, desk
◆ Master Bedroom: King bed with twin daybed, ensuite with shower, twin rollaway in closet, Smart TV

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out. We’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
◆ The Iron Horse is a three story townhome with stairs between each level, plus a fourth floor rooftop terrace. Guests should be comfortable navigating stairs throughout their stay.
◆ The garage has been thoughtfully converted into a game room featuring Pac Man, pool, and ping pong, so there is no private garage parking available.
◆ Ample free street parking is available throughout the surrounding neighborhood.
◆ Because the game room is a converted garage space, it is not climate controlled and does not have dedicated air conditioning or heat.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Favorite song in high school: Baby Blue, George Strait
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5415 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting