URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1698761887063440828
Latitude: 36.14114
Longitude: -86.76233
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Music City from this stylish 3-bedroom, 2.5-bath townhome just 10 minutes from Broadway, Belmont University, and Vanderbilt University. Sleeping up to 8 guests with 4 real beds, it's perfect for family trips and group getaways. Enjoy a full kitchen, in-unit washer/dryer, fast WiFi, Smart TV, and FREE on-site parking — a rare find this close to downtown. Book your Nashville stay today!

The space
THE SPACE

Welcome to your perfect Nashville home base! Just minutes from Broadway, this stylish townhome blends modern comfort with local character. Thoughtfully designed with a record player, guitar, and Nashville-inspired décor, it's the perfect place to relax after exploring Music City.

Sleeps up to 8 guests: 3 spacious bedrooms, 4 comfortable beds, 2.5 bathrooms. Everyone gets a real bed, making it ideal for families, friends, and group trips.

Fully equipped kitchen: Prepare breakfast before heading downtown or enjoy a relaxing dinner at home. Includes a drip coffee maker for the perfect start to your day.

Washer and dryer: In-unit laundry makes longer stays easy and convenient.

Fast WiFi and smart TV: Stay connected, stream your favorite shows, or work remotely with reliable high-speed internet.

Free on-site parking: Enjoy complimentary parking in the community lot, plus additional street parking a rare convenience this close to downtown Nashville.

PRIME NASHVILLE LOCATION

Only about 10 minutes from Nashville's top attractions: Broadway and the honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, the Ryman Auditorium and Country Music Hall of Fame, Hattie B's Hot Chicken and Five Points Pizza, Centennial Park and Radnor Lake, and Nashville International Airport (BNA).

Close to the excitement, yet tucked away enough to enjoy a peaceful night's sleep.

WHY STAY WITH NASHVILLE NOOKS?

Hosted by Nashville Nooks, a local boutique team dedicated to exceptional stays. Fast communication we typically respond within the hour. Professionally cleaned before every arrival, with self check-in via secure smart lock for a smooth start to your trip. From restaurant recommendations to questions during your stay, we're always just a message away.

GOOD TO KNOW

Self check-in after 4 PM with a smart lock. No pets allowed service animals are welcome in accordance with Airbnb's accessibility policy. Quiet hours begin at 9 PM. Exterior security cameras for guest safety (none indoors). Multiple similar townhomes in the community; décor may vary slightly from photos.

Book your Nashville getaway today and experience the best of Music City from the comfort of Hart Suites Unit #9!

Guest access
Guest access
Guest Access:You'll have the ENTIRE townhome to yourselves all 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, full kitchen, living spaces, and in-unit laundry. No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group.

SELF CHECK-IN: Self check-in: your digital door code is sent by text/email 3 hours before check-in  just enter it on the smart lock keypad. A backup lockbox with a spare key is also on-site for emergencies. Message us anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking in the community lot (first-come, first-served) plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee maker everything in the home is yours to use from check-in to checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just a message away we typically respond within the hour if you need anything during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting