URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1004517365253358051
Latitude: 36.28681
Longitude: -86.54237
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience waterfront bliss in this 3BR, 2BA private lakefront haven! Downstairs, a game room with TV, ping pong, corn hole, and a putting green awaits. Enjoy breathtaking views and your private waterfront! Relax on the screened-in porch,  deck, or by the swing and hammock by the water. Plus, we've added a pickleball court on the old tennis court, perfect for pickleball enthusiasts!

Book your waterfront escape today!

The space
Welcome to Your Waterfront Retreat!

If you're looking for the perfect getaway, you've found it! Our spacious 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom home offers a delightful mix of indoor and outdoor entertainment, all with stunning waterfront views.

Indoor Entertainment:

✤ Game Room: The downstairs game room is your ultimate playground, equipped with a TV for movie nights, a ping pong table for friendly competitions, corn hole for some outdoor fun, and even a small putting green to practice your golf skills.

✤ Living Room: In the main living room, you'll find a TV discreetly tucked away in the cabinet above the fireplace, offering a cozy spot to relax and unwind.

Outdoor Paradise:

✤ Scenic Views: The breathtaking views from the property are to die for, making it a tranquil escape from the hustle and bustle of daily life. The waterfront is your private haven, a serene backdrop to your stay.

✤ Outdoor Spaces: Enjoy the great outdoors with a screened-in porch where you can sip your morning coffee, a deck for alfresco dining, and a swing and hammock by the water to while away the hours.

✤ Pickleball Court: Sports enthusiasts will be thrilled to find a pickleball court behind the home on the old tennis court. Please note that the tennis court is no longer functional for tennis but perfect for a game of pickleball.

Bedroom Configuration:

✤ Bedroom 1: Relax in the comfort of a King bed.
✤ Bedroom 2: Enjoy a cozy night's sleep in a Queen bed.
✤ Bedroom 3: Perfect for a family, this room features a Full and a Twin bed.

Whether you're here for a family vacation, a friends' reunion, or a relaxing retreat, our waterfront house has it all. Book your stay today and savor the top-notch experiences in store for you!

Please be aware that this is a lakehouse, directly on the water. With that fact comes bugs (outside of the home). We do get the home/property treated, but it's just a part of the beautiful nature that surrounds the home. The property is thoroughly cleaned in between each stay, but there may be some spider webs on the outside of the property, just due to the proximity to the lake. Having said that, we can't wait to host you!!!

Guest access
During your stay, you'll enjoy exclusive access to the entire home, providing you with a private and personalized experience. From the moment you arrive, the space is all yours to explore, relax, and make lasting memories. With no shared spaces or interruptions, you have the freedom to truly unwind and embrace the comfort of having the entire home at your disposal!

Other things to note
✤ The indoor fireplaces are not operable. 
✤ The boat will not be available for guests to use.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4599 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting