URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1273028608482346266
Latitude: 36.1458
Longitude: -86.7923
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover this new 1 bed, 1 bath on iconic Music Row, designed for comfort and ease. The open layout features a fully equipped kitchen, stylish finishes, and a cozy living area. Enjoy a private balcony, in-unit washer and dryer, smart TVs, and keyless entry. Building amenities include a rooftop lounge, fitness center with a pool table, EV charger, workspace with Wifi. Minutes from Nashville’s top music venues, dining, and nightlife, this spot offers an elevated stay in the heart of the city.

The space
Brand-new building in the heart of Nashville’s Music Row, designed for short-term vacation rentals. The 5th floor offers fantastic amenities, including a gym, conference room, and plenty of indoor and outdoor lounge areas to switch up your scenery. The pool, open May through October, catches beautiful morning sun. Enjoy free parking in a private garage, and secure, keyless entry throughout the building.

Nearby, you'll find some of Nashville's best dining spots, with The Wellhouse Coffee shop just around the corner—perfect for starting your day. Staying here places you right at the center of Nashville’s most vibrant neighborhoods.

Guest access
You'll have full, private access to the entire apartment. In addition, you can enjoy the building's fantastic shared amenities, designed to elevate your stay.

Enjoy access to these shared features:
 Rooftop lounge with incredible city views, kitchenette and pool table
 A sparkling seasonal pool, open May through October
 Fully equipped fitness center
 A dedicated workspace with complimentary WiFi
 Secure, keyless entry throughout the building and into your unit
 Free and convenient parking in a private garage

EARLY CHECK-IN & LATE CHECK-OUT
We’re happy to offer early check-in or late check-out when our schedule allows. All requests are subject to availability and an additional fee.
Timing requests depend on our cleaning schedule and nearby reservations, and can only be confirmed within 24 hours of your arrival or departure.

PARKING
Complimentary parking is included with each reservation. Every unit is allotted one space in our private parking garage for the duration of your stay.
Garage spaces are not assigned and may be used on a first-come, first-served basis, with the exception of the Penthouse, which has a designated reserved space.
Additional free street parking is available directly in front of the building and is typically easy to find, particularly during mornings and evenings.
For guests with electric vehicles, a Tesla charging station is available behind the building in the rear parking lot.

Other things to note
Important: Before you arrive you will be asked to complete guest verification through third-party provider Truvi. This is done to ensure we are keeping up-to-date with short-term rental regulations as well as providing both our guests and our properties with extra protection. Truvi will contact you via email and/or text to complete the verification. Please do so prior to arriving at the property to enable a quick and easy check-in process.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Courtney
Host User ID: 56210655
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/56210655
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville native here — though I took quite the scenic route back home by way of Brooklyn and southern Georgia! I'm passionate about good food, new adventures, and the belief that travel genuinely makes us better humans.

I'm so excited to share a little piece of Nashville with you and do whatever I can to make your stay a great one. Welcome!
Where I went to school: Fashion Institute of Technology
My work: Jill of all trades
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
216 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting