URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1703090802073177083
Latitude: 36.14111
Longitude: -86.76297
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the best of Nashville from this spacious townhome just 10 minutes from Broadway, Belmont University, and Vanderbilt University. Perfect for families, groups, and business travelers, it comfortably sleeps up to 10 guests with 3 bedrooms, 5 beds, and 2.5 bathrooms. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, fast Wi-Fi, Smart TV, in-unit washer & dryer, free parking, and self check-in. Locally inspired artwork, a record player, and a guitar add an authentic Music City touch to your stay.

The space
THE SPACE

Welcome to your Nashville home away from home. Designed for comfort, convenience, and group travel, this spacious townhome combines modern amenities with thoughtful Music City touches, including locally inspired artwork, a record player, and a guitar that give the space its own Nashville character.

Whether you're visiting for a family vacation, a weekend with friends, or a business trip, you'll have everything you need for a comfortable stay.

Sleeps up to 10 guests: 3 spacious bedrooms, 5 comfortable beds, 2.5 bathrooms. Everyone has their own comfortable place to sleep, making it ideal for larger groups.

Fully equipped kitchen: Enjoy the convenience of a full kitchen with everything needed to prepare meals during your stay, plus a drip coffee maker to start your mornings.

In-unit washer and dryer: Perfect for extended stays or refreshing your clothes after a day exploring Nashville.

High-speed WiFi and smart TV: Stay connected with fast WiFi and unwind by streaming your favorite shows after a day in the city.

Free parking: Free community parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis, with additional street parking nearby a valuable perk this close to downtown Nashville.

GREAT LOCATION

Located just 10 minutes from Broadway, you'll enjoy quick access to many of Nashville's top attractions, including Broadway and the honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, the Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame, Nissan Stadium, Hattie B's Hot Chicken, Five Points Pizza, Centennial Park, Radnor Lake State Park, and Nashville International Airport (BNA).

Enjoy the excitement of downtown while returning to a comfortable neighborhood where you can relax after a busy day.

WHY GUESTS LOVE STAYING HERE

Convenient location near downtown. Spacious layout for families and groups. FREE parking. Self check-in with smart lock. Fast WiFi for work and entertainment. Responsive local hosting team.

Our local team is available throughout your stay and is happy to help with recommendations or any questions you may have.

GOOD TO KNOW

Self check-in begins at 4:00 PM using a secure smart lock. No pets allowed, service animals are welcome in accordance with Airbnb's accessibility policy. Quiet hours begin at 9:00 PM to help maintain a peaceful environment for everyone. Exterior security cameras monitor the property's entrances for added safety there are no cameras inside the home. The townhome is located on an active neighborhood street, so occasional traffic noise may be heard. Furnishings and décor may vary slightly from the listing photos among similar units within the community.

Guest access
Guest Access:You'll have the ENTIRE townhome to yourselves all 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, full kitchen, living spaces, and in-unit laundry. No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group.

SELF CHECK-IN: Self check-in: your digital door code is sent by text/email 3 hours before check-in  just enter it on the smart lock keypad. A backup lockbox with a spare key is also on-site for emergencies. Message us anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking in the community lot (first-come, first-served) plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee maker everything in the home is yours to use from check-in to checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just a message away we typically respond within the hour if you need anything during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting