URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1581473563710465117
Latitude: 36.1542
Longitude: -86.7757
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your VIP Downtown Nashville Sanctuary! 🎸

Experience the ultimate Music City getaway in this breathtaking 1BR/1BA modern apartment! Ideal for couples, solo adventurers, or business travelers, you get sweeping skyline views and access to resort-style amenities including a sparkling pool 🏊, state-of-the-art gym, and fire pits 🔥. Located in the heart of SoBro, you are just a short walk to Broadway! Includes fast WiFi. Your unforgettable downtown retreat starts here! 🤠✨

The space
Welcome to your SoBro Retreat! 🎻

Elevate your Nashville experience in this beautifully designed, modern sanctuary boasting breathtaking city views. Perfectly tailored for couples seeking a romantic escape or business travelers needing a polished, luxurious home base, this apartment offers a sophisticated blend of comfort and ultimate convenience. Tucked right in the vibrant South of Broadway (SoBro) district, this home delivers a peaceful, inspiring vibe the moment you walk through the door.

💎 The SoBro Advantage:

Resort-Style Living: Skip the crowded hotels. You have exclusive access to our sparkling community pool, a state-of-the-art fitness center, outdoor fire pits, and a game room featuring a pool table and large-screen TVs.

The Ultimate Walkability: You are in the absolute best pocket of downtown. Take a short, breezy stroll to everything Broadway has to offer, from world-class dining to legendary live music venues.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown (Sleeps up to 4):

Primary Bedroom: 1 Plush Queen Bed 👑 (Your quiet, private retreat to recharge)

Living Area: 1 Comfortable Sleeper Sofa 🛋️ (Perfect for an extra guest or flexible sleeping)

Bathroom: 1 Full Bathroom with a spacious layout and provided starter amenities 🚿

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Check-In:
We utilize a flawless standard operating procedure to ensure zero check-in friction so your vacation starts the second you arrive.

Digital Keyless Entry: No physical keys to pass around or lose. You get a unique, secure code so you can come and go with ease.

Contactless & Effortless: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—perfect for staggered flight schedules and late-night check-ins.

Parking Details: The neighborhood is incredibly walkable! If you are bringing a vehicle, there are multiple paid downtown parking garages nearby. Otherwise, you can easily rely on rideshares and scooters right outside the building.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

Plant-Based Perfection: Check out E+ROSE Wellness Cafe right in the neighborhood for an incredible, revitalizing superfood bowl or plant-based bite before your day begins. 🌿

Broadway (Walkable): A quick, scenic walk straight into the heart of the world-famous Honky Tonks like Tootsie's and ACME Feed & Seed. 👢

Ascend Amphitheater: Catch an outdoor concert under the stars—it's just a short stroll from your building!

Pristine Environment: Our strict, smoke-free policy ensures the property always smells immaculate and fresh for your arrival.

🐾 Pet Policy:

No Pets: This property is a strictly pet-free environment to ensure a pristine, allergy-free space for all guests. 🚫🐕

Guest access
•Guests have access to the entire unit and all building amenities
We will not be on the property, but we are local and available at any time!

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
2022050555

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Allacyn
Host User ID: 543013728
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/543013728
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: University of Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
118 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting