URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/12853699
Latitude: 36.137
Longitude: -86.7877
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Rooftop firepit, private sauna, and designer interiors make The Wade the perfect Nashville getaway. This newly redesigned 3-story retreat is less than 2 miles from Broadway and features a bright open layout, a bonus space with a ping pong table and Peloton, and thoughtfully curated décor by a local designer. Minutes from 12 South, The Gulch, and Nashville's top attractions, it's perfect for group getaways, family vacations, and extended stays. 🔥

The space
Things You’ll Love:
◆ Newly redesigned in November 2025
◆ Huge rooftop patio with dining table, lounge chairs, and cozy seating area with 55 inch TV & firepit
◆ Bonus area with Infrared sauna, Peloton bike, and ping pong table
◆ Location! Just 5 minutes from both The Gulch and 12 South!
◆ Top-of-the line, fully equipped kitchen
◆ Smart TVs throughout – easily connect to all your favorite streaming apps!
◆ Open layout with plenty of space to entertain 
◆ Reliable High Speed Wi-Fi Connection 
◆ 1 Car Garage & Plenty of Street Parking 
◆ Dog Friendly - $150 pet fee per stay for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions

Sleeping Arrangements:
First Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - Double on Double Bunkbed (2 double beds) + Ensuite Bathroom + Smart TV

Second Floor:
◆ Living room with couch that can comfortably sleep 2 + Smart TV

Third Floor:
◆ Bedroom 2 - King Bed + Twin daybed + Smart TV + Ensuite Bathroom
◆ Bedroom 3 - Queen Bed + Ensuite Bathroom + Smart TV

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The Wade for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Please note: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

Infrared Sauna: Please allow 30–60 minutes for the sauna to fully heat up, especially during periods of extreme outdoor temperatures.

The garage has been transformed into a stylish bonus space featuring a sauna, Peloton bike, and ping pong table. The ping pong table easily folds and rolls aside to make room for a parked car if needed. Ample street parking is available nearby.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5404 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting