URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1455856728085617776
Latitude: 36.1951
Longitude: -86.7766
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Rooftop Hot Tub ★ Skyline Views ★ 9 Beds ★ Vibrant Professional Design ★ Game Room 

Step into bold Luxury in the heart of Nashville! This luxury retreat blends bold artistic energy with upscale comfort. Soak in the rooftop hot tub with skyline views, or kick back in sleek, spacious interiors designed for style and relaxation. Whether you're here to vibe, unwind, or explore Music City, this spot brings the heat.

The space
THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR:

✔️Family Getaways – Spacious, safe, and fully equipped for all ages.
✔️Bachelorette & Bachelor Groups – Trendy décor, Social Media-worthy vibes, and close to downtown nightlife.
✔️Concert & Event Travelers – Just minutes from Nissan Stadium, Broadway, and Music Row.
✔️Corporate & Business Stays – Fast WiFi and a dedicated workspace for remote productivity.
✔️Friend Reunions – Rooftop entertainment space and flexible sleeping arrangements.
✔️And More! – A versatile and comfortably inspired home perfect for any unforgettable stay.

★ LIVING & DINING- Main Floor/1st level ★
⊙ Bold, open-concept living room with vibrant seating and decor— perfect for relaxing or entertaining.
⊙ Fully stocked modern kitchen featuring a Keurig, microwave, dishwasher, and all your cooking essentials.
⊙ Cozy dining area ideal for group meals and late-night conversations.

★ 4 BEDROOMS - 9 beds ★
⊙ Bedroom 1 (2nd Floor)– 1 King + 2 Twin beds, styled comfortably with plush bedding.
⊙ Bedroom 2 – (Basement) 1 King + 2 Twin beds, modern design with extra space to stretch out.
⊙ Bedroom 3 – (2nd Floor) 1 King bed, beautifully inspired with comfort in every detail.
⊙ Bedroom 4 – (2nd Floor) Queen beds, cozy, creative, and perfect for winding down.

★ 3.5 BATHROOMS ★ 
⊙ Bathroom 1 – (2nd Floor) Luxury finishes, hair dryer, and complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body wash.
⊙ Bathroom 2 – (Basement) Sleek, clean, and fully stocked with high-end essentials.
⊙ Bathroom 3 – (2nd Floor) Immaculate and modern with all the comforts of home.
⊙ Bathroom 4 – (Main Floor) Half bath off of the kitchen perfect spot for guests.

★ OUTDOOR ROOFTOP ★
⊙ Private rooftop deck with a hot tub and panoramic skyline views — your own slice of Music City magic.
⊙ Outdoor seating and dining area ideal for gathering under the stars.
⊙ Small balcony off of kitchen

Guest access
You’ll have full access to the entire home, including all indoor and outdoor spaces.

Home is equipped with a keypad smart lock. Guests will receive personal code that will activate at 4pm day of check-in and expire at 10am day of check-out.

Other things to note
CHECK-IN: 4:00 PM
CHECK-OUT: By 10:00 AM
Early check-in or late check-out may be available upon request, subject to availability and prior host approval. Additional fees apply, starting at $200. To accommodate scheduling with our cleaning and maintenance teams, requests must be made at least 3 days before check-in. Unfortunately, we are unable to accommodate last-minute requests, as our teams are scheduled in advance.

PARKING:
Free street parking is available. One space is available directly in front of the house. An additional space can be used if you park horizontal to the garage. Please do not block the alleyway and leave room for cars to drive by. There is no garage parking - the garage has been converted into a game room.

NO NASHVILLE OR LOCAL GUESTS: 
We do not allow locals on our property under any circumstances. We have a policy of not renting our home to individuals residing in Nashville or surrounding Metro area. We reserve the right to cancel any reservation made by a local resident without issuing a refund. If you are a local resident, please refrain from booking our home. Thank you!

CHILDREN DISCLOSURE:
We're delighted to welcome families with children to our home! However, it's crucial to mention that our home is not childproofed. With amenities like numerous stairs (4 story home), rooftop deck featuring a hot tub, high ledge, additional balcony etc - we want to be up front and ensure a safe and enjoyable stay for everyone. For the safety of our youngest guests, we kindly request that children be supervised by an adult at all times.

12 GUEST/VISITOR MAXIMUM:
A maximum of 12 guests and visitors are allowed. Please state on your reservation the total number of guests (including any visitors, even if not staying the night). All guests and visitors must be pre-approved up front. No locals are allowed on our property.

4 STORY HOME W/ STAIRS:
Our home boasts four stories, a common architectural feature in many Nashville residences, contributing to breathtaking skyline views. To fully enjoy the charm of our space, please be aware that stairs are an integral part of your stay that each guests must use. The incredible view will make you forget about all the stairs.

NO SMOKING OR VAPING INSIDE:
To ensure a comfortable and healthy environment for all guests, smoking & vaping is strictly prohibited inside the property. This includes all indoor areas and on the rooftop deck. If you wish to smoke or vape, please do so outside the property and dispose of cigarette butts responsibly. Violation of this policy may result in a $500 fine. Thank you for your understanding!

POTENTIAL NOISE:
Nashville is renowned for its vibrant atmosphere, particularly in the heart of the city. While our property offers a tranquil retreat, please be aware that you may experience occasional noise during your stay, such as from nearby construction, traffic, other neighboring Airbnb guests, and more. These factors are beyond our control. While we anticipate minimal disruption for most guests, it's important to note if you are unaccustomed to urban environments.

DOGS:
We happily welcome 1-2 well-behaved, house-trained adult dogs to stay in our home. We ask that all dogs be crated when left alone in our home, so please bring a crate with you. To ensure a smooth process, all dogs must be discussed and pre-approved by host within 24 hours of booking. Please be sure to add them to your reservation. $100 flat pet fee applies for up to two dogs. We regret to inform you that dogs under 1 year old, cats, or other animals are not allowed. Be please respectful and clean up after your dog(s). Any damage from pet will guests responsibility as an inspection will occur at check-out.

A lot of time, care, and money has been put into this home that we LOVE. We only want to have the best guests who will respect our property and neighbors. If you've made it this far on the listing and have questions, please ask us! Thank you, Calvin, Dylan and Allie

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dylan
Host User ID: 667320951
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/667320951
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lead Property Manager for Stay Nashville, LLC. 

A bit about me, I’m married to my beautiful wife Rylee and we have a daughter named Mabel. I’m passionate about my church, Holy Saints, CrossFit, and enjoying life to the fullest. I love to read, explore new ideas, and explore new places, especially when it means being outdoors. My faith is my foundation, and I strive to live for the Lord daily. Life’s a thrilling ride, and I’m here to embrace it all with gratitude!.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Lipscomb University
2 years hosting