URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/789146585212895078
Latitude: 36.36487
Longitude: -86.61374
rental_type: Entire cabin
property_type: CABIN
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Hendersonville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
15 miles from NASHVILLE Tucked inside 10 acres & surrounded by nature with stunning views.
The entire cabin is yours.
We have friendly animals like peacocks, goats, chickens, pigs, miniature donkeys  and a free roaming friendly squirrel named Agnes. 
You r welcome to pick fresh eggs for ur breakfast. 
You could add an art experience for a suggested donation of $25 a person for supplies.
Ask me for more details if interested.
Come & see us, ya’ hear?

The space
Escape to our beautiful cabin, nestled on 10 picturesque acres surrounded by nature. Enjoy stunning views and the tranquility of the outdoors, all while being just a quick 25-minute drive from Nashville!

This cozy cabin is entirely yours to enjoy. You'll find yourself immersed in a serene environment, perfect for relaxation and rejuvenation. Our property is home to a delightful array of friendly animals, including chickens, ducks, dogs, a cat, peacocks, goats, pigs, and three miniature donkeys. You might even meet our charming, free-roaming squirrel named Agnes, who loves to greet visitors!

One of the unique perks of staying here is the opportunity to pick fresh eggs for your breakfast. There’s nothing quite like the taste of farm-fresh eggs to start your day off right! 

If you’re interested in a creative experience during your stay, we offer an art session for a suggested donation of $25 per person to cover supplies. It’s a wonderful way to express yourself and take home a piece of your experience with us.

Should you have any questions or require more details, feel free to reach out. We’d love to tell you more about the cabin and the experiences we offer. 

We look forward to welcoming you to our little slice of paradise! Come and see us, ya hear?

Guest access
If you use a GPS, it sometimes passes the entrance into Timberhills Rd. Make sure you go up Timberhills and we are the second entrance to the right. (Long driveway)
The number on the post is 102. We will send you more details one day before your arrival 🌹

Other things to note
When traveling with children under 12, they must be accompanied by an adult when visiting the animals and please, 🙏🏼 no chasing the peacocks 🦚❤️❤️❤️🙏🏼🙏🏼
We also love animals and hopefully you do too.
We welcome your 4 legged friends but we ask you to please help us keep our place clean and ready for the next guest.
When and if outside, dogs MUST be on a leash. Besides our own pets roaming free, there are lots of other temptations to run after like deer, sometimes foxes and raccoons.
Dogs and cats must be current on their shots and must have flea and tick protection.
If you go out and are planning to leave your pet inside, they MUST be inside a cradle please.
(Let us know if you need one and we will be happy to provide it).
You’ll have your own private back yard where your baby can do his/her business but do pick up afterwards and dispose.
We are on septic tank so PLEASE, PLEASE be very careful as what goes down the toilet and down the drain in the kitchen.
No hot oils down the sink please 🙏🏼🌹.
We are humans and up in age 😂 so if we have forgotten anything, please just holler 😉

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Grace
Host User ID: 189060578
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/189060578
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am grace — a seeker of beauty, a lover of nature, animals, and the sacred gift of life.
With my husband Marty, I walk in gratitude for all we have been given, knowing that blessings grow when they are shared.
Life has taught us to love people as they are and to welcome the wisdom that differences bring.
Through art and creation, I express the voice of my soul — a celebration of spirit, color, and the infinite wonder of being alive!!
My work: Artist, Writer
I spend too much time: Making up my own story to make me happy
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
216 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting