URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/22567211
Latitude: 36.2361
Longitude: -86.7293
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Our unique suite is tucked away at the end of a cul-de-sac in a quiet neighborhood; this fun and artsy in-home suite consists of the front of our 1955 home. With exclusive access to the driveway and a private entry, it includes a living room w/sofa bed, a bedroom, and a full-sized bathroom. Exploding with music memorabilia & art, featuring a record player to listen to curated vinyl in a unique, chill environment open to all. 

1 mi/Eastside Bowl
3 mi/EastNash
8 mi/Downtown
4 mi/Opry
9 mi/BNA

The space
Picture this: a beautiful, peaceful cul-de-sac nestled in a cozy neighborhood filled with all sorts of birds, playful squirrels, a groundhog named Myrtle, and the occasional family of deer. This is the idyllic setting for our lovely home. 

We take pride in our quirky yet homey atmosphere, which will provide you with a unique experience you won't find anywhere else. We're pretty fun and creative peeps, but we mostly get a big kick out of being sure our guests have a memorable experience.  We want you to sign our guest book, draw pictures, rave about the curated music I set out for you, and show your home pride. We prioritize our guests and are right around the corner for your comfort and security.  So why settle for a generic hotel room or sterile prefab short-term rental when you can have a personalized and unique stay? Book now and become a part of our groovy community of guests!

Our suite is located in the front of our house. Your private entrance and driveway will allow you to come and go as you please. And don't worry about privacy - the space is completely separated from the rest of the house--you won't ever see us unless we walk to our cars. 

While you're here, you may hear the occasional bark from our friendly pups, and that's because my husband and I live in the back of the house. But that's just a small reminder that you're staying in a real home filled with warmth and hospitality.
Our neighborhood is quiet, but the occasional visit from a freight train that runs up on the tracks behind our home.  It's quite a unique experience, and you may find it comforting, but if not, we have provided earplugs and a white noise machine.  

Are you ready to step into a world of music? Well, get ready to be blown away by this fun and eclectic suite that will make you groove! From rare classic rock concert posters to local art pieces collected from our travels, the living room is a perfect refuge for anyone who enjoys the art of music.

The faux leather fold-out couch is cozy and comfortable, and it holds a queen-sized and a memory foam mattress. And that's not all! You can enjoy music-themed films on the TV and Blu-Ray Player with DVDs curated just for you. You can also stream your favorite shows on Max and Netflix through Roku. And if you're in the mood for some local channels, you can access them through an outside antenna.

But wait, there's more! A turntable with various genres of vinyl can be curated upon request, giving you the chance to explore the world of music like never before. And if you're looking for something that brings in a fun retro vibe, the popular red fridge is the perfect addition to the space. 

I highly encourage you to consider staying in our unique and charming boho-style bedroom. It is the perfect combination of retro and modern amenities that will give you a comfortable and memorable experience. 

The queen-sized bed with a pillow-top Serta mattress and premium linens will provide you with a restful and rejuvenating night's sleep after a long day of exploring the city. The hospitality corner with Keurig coffee pods, Brita filters, and assorted teas will ensure that you have everything you need for a fresh and energizing start to your day. 

And let's not forget about your "80s" bathroom - it's a blast from the past with a full bathtub/shower, 45s, and a Conair lighted mirror to transport you back in time. We've provided all the essentials like shampoo/conditioner, Q-tips, cotton balls, etc., so you can indulge in self-care and pampering during your stay. 

Our home's retro feel and creaky floors will add a touch of nostalgia to your trip.

A centrally located neighborhood near East Nashville, Gra Mar Acres, with its beautiful tree-lined winding streets, is perfect for taking strolls or a morning run. It's a great mixture of exclusivity and comfort, offering a peaceful and serene atmosphere.

What's more, this neighborhood is set off the beaten path, but still within minutes of all the amenities you need. Whether you're looking for a quick grocery run to Publix or a trendy coffee shop, everything is just a stone's throw away.

Redhotmama House is a unique living space inspired by the art salons and lofts of Downtown LA that I trampled on.  I have put a lot of thought and effort into designing this space, creating an environment that's both stylish and comfortable. With new pieces always being added, there's always something new and exciting to discover.

Guest access
Guests have their own living quarters including driveway, private entrance, living room, 1 bedroom and a bathroom. 
*PARK IN FRONT OF FENCE*
Access to washer and dryer upon request.

Other things to note
This is our home, please keep that in mind during your stay (i.e., turn lights off when going out, lock the door, be considerate of neighbors, don't move pictures or remodel our rooms, unplug fixtures, etc.)

And again, a reminder
*WE SHARE OUR LIVING SPACE WITH OUR DOGS* 
(We know. It's annoying, but not everyone reads listings thoroughly.)

Last thing. It is illegal here in Tennessee to smoke weed and it leaves a scent in the house that is offensive to other guests. So please no smoking of anything, vaping or cigars.  We have provided an ashtray outside as a courtesy--please don't toss butts in our garden. We will charge each guest $100 if smoking or butts are discovered. "

Also, no parties, no additional overnight guests and no illegal drugs or conduct, this includes Marijuana. No firearms in our home and if you leave firearms in your car, please be sure to conceal it and lock your car.  Tennessee is the #1 state for gun theft from cars.  

Please keep in mind that *THIS IS OUR HOME* and sometimes things like fire alarms, dogs barking, package deliveries etc. happen, we ask that you roll with it.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Deborah
Host User ID: 149498665
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/149498665
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We're creatives originally from Los Angeles now living the spacious life in Nashville. 
We started hosting in 2017, + have since fallen in love w/ so many of our guests. Redhotmamanhouse is inspired by a 'zine Deb created back in the day following the stomping grounds of the clubs, lofts, galleries and speakeasy's of the downtown LA art scene.  It's a little bit of a hoe down of high art.
Where I went to school: Fullerton College, Fullerton California
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
496 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting