URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1299227041414638381
Latitude: 36.14660429600823
Longitude: -86.81608832824521
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Parthenon Penthouse, a luxurious corner retreat in the heart of Nashville’s vibrant Midtown. This top-floor penthouse in the new Odyssey at the Park offers breathtaking skyline views from its private balcony. Steps from Centennial Park, the Parthenon, and top dining spots, you’ll enjoy ultimate convenience. Featuring 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, and access to resort-style amenities like a pool and gym, it’s the perfect blend of comfort and elegance. Book now!

The space
Welcome to your luxurious home away from home in the heart of Nashville! This elegant corner penthouse offers the perfect blend of sophistication, comfort, and convenience, making it an ideal retreat for leisure or business travelers. With breathtaking views, high-end amenities, and an unbeatable location, this property promises a stay like no other.

The Space  
Step into a meticulously designed corner penthouse that radiates modern elegance. The open-concept layout, paired with floor-to-ceiling windows, floods the space with natural light and provides uninterrupted views of the Nashville skyline. The condo is tastefully decorated with contemporary furnishings, high-quality finishes, and stylish touches to ensure both comfort and aesthetic appeal.

Living Area  
The spacious living room is perfect for relaxing after a day of exploring the city. It features plush seating, a large smart TV for streaming your favorite shows, and expansive views of the urban landscape. Whether you're lounging with a book, enjoying a movie night, or taking in the vibrant cityscape, this space is designed to cater to your needs.

Kitchen & Dining  
The state-of-the-art kitchen is fully equipped with stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, and everything you need to whip up gourmet meals or quick snacks. A sleek dining table with seating for four is perfect for enjoying meals with a view, while the open layout ensures you can socialize with your group while cooking.

Bedrooms  
This penthouse offers two generously sized bedrooms, each designed as a serene retreat for rest and relaxation. The master bedroom features a king-size bed with premium linens, an en-suite bathroom, and direct access to the private balcony. Wake up to panoramic views of the city and enjoy the peaceful ambiance. The second bedroom is equipped with a queen-size bed, cozy bedding, and ample closet space, making it perfect for additional guests or family members.

Bathrooms  
The condo has two modern bathrooms, each with spa-like features, including rain showers, marble accents, and luxurious toiletries. Fluffy towels and all essential amenities are provided to enhance your stay.

Private Balcony  
Step outside onto your private balcony and soak in the stunning views of Nashville's skyline. Whether you're sipping morning coffee, enjoying an evening cocktail, or simply taking in the vibrant city below, this outdoor space is a highlight of the property.

Amenities  
This penthouse is part of a high-end residential building that offers exclusive access to a range of top-notch amenities. There is an outdoor pool, complete with lounge chairs and a sundeck, perfect for relaxation or a refreshing swim. The fully equipped fitness center features state-of-the-art cardio machines, free weights, and more. Secure, on-site parking is available for your convenience, and high-speed internet is provided throughout the condo to ensure you stay connected for work or leisure. A washer and dryer are also available in the unit, along with complimentary detergent.

Location  
Situated in the heart of downtown Nashville, this penthouse is ideally located to give you easy access to the city’s most popular attractions, entertainment venues, and dining options. Broadway is just minutes away, offering lively honky-tonk bars, live music venues, and vibrant nightlife. Music Row is nearby, where you can explore the rich history of country music and visit iconic landmarks like the Country Music Hall of Fame. The Gulch, a trendy neighborhood with boutique shopping, world-class restaurants, and charming coffee shops, is also close by. You’ll find Bridgestone Arena, perfect for catching a concert or a Nashville Predators hockey game, and Centennial Park, featuring a full-scale replica of the Parthenon, within easy reach. With its prime location, you'll find yourself within walking distance or a short drive to everything Nashville has to offer, from cultural landmarks to local hotspots.

Why Choose This Penthouse?  
This elegant corner penthouse stands out for its attention to detail, luxurious features, and unparalleled views. It’s not just a place to stay—it’s an experience. Whether you're here to immerse yourself in Nashville’s vibrant music scene, attend a special event, or simply unwind in style, this property is designed to exceed your expectations.

Guest Reviews  
"Great Nashville Stay: This is a gorgeous unit, well furnished and supplied with basic necessities, in a great location. Loved the closeness to Vanderbilt Medical for my husband's appointments. Parking was easy. The beds and linens were very comfortable. Walking/running to Centennial Park and around the university was close and enjoyable. The views at night are spectacular. Wifi fast and reliable for those working remote in our group. Enjoyed the patio furniture sitting outside on the warm days. Feel like everything was thought of for a good stay! Hope to rent again on future visits to Nashville." – Guest, February 2024

"Beautiful Unit in Great Location: This is a gorgeous unit. Really liked the convenience to Vanderbilt Medical Center and the places close by to walk/run like Centennial Park. Beds were comfortable and place was very clean. We will rent there again for future Nashville stays. Highly recommend." – Guest, February 2024

Additional Information  
Check-in is self-service, and detailed instructions will be provided prior to your arrival. To ensure a pleasant stay for all guests, we kindly ask that you adhere to the property’s house rules, which include no smoking, no pets, and no parties or events. Our responsive host team is available to answer any questions or provide recommendations throughout your stay.

Book Your Stay  
Don’t miss the opportunity to experience this elegant corner penthouse for yourself. With its luxurious design, unmatched amenities, and prime location, it’s the perfect choice for your next Nashville getaway. Book now to secure your dates, and get ready for an unforgettable stay!

Walking distance to hundreds of Midtown - West End attractions and 5 minutes to Broadway!
1 min: Centennial Park
1 min: The Parthenon
2 mins: Taylor Swift Bench
2 mins: The Local Nashville
2 mins: BrickTop's
2 mins: Bombay Palace
2 mins: Red's Hot Chicken
2 mins: Newk's Eatery
2 mins: Maggiano's Little Italy
2 mins: Starbucks
2 mins: J Alexander's Restaurant
2 mins: SandBar Nashville
2 mins: Avo
2 mins: Vanderbilt University
3 mins: Climb Nashville
4 mins: Tennessee State University 
4 mins: Hillsboro-West End 
5 mins: Broadway
5 mins: Nashville Yards (Amazon HQ2)
5 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
5 mins: Music Row
5 mins: The Nations 
6 mins: Music City Center 
6 mins: RCA Studio 
6 mins: Belmont Mansion
6 mins: McCabe Golf Club
6 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Club
7 mins: Sobro
7 mins: The Gulch
7 mins: Germantown 
7 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum 
7 mins: Patterson
8 mins: Nissan Stadium
8 mins: Bridgestone Arena 
8 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
9 mins: Martin's Bar-B-Que
9 mins: Top Golf
9 mins: 12 South District 
10 mins: Geodis Park
12 mins: Nashville Zoo
17 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Guest access
You have access to the entire condo and use of the building amenities including pool, gym and business center.

Other things to note
Please review the house rules. We have a strict no party rule and the HOA and neighbors will call the police in the event of a party in the condo.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kristin
Host User ID: 545497351
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/545497351
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Houston, Texas
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
253 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting