URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1750730415047715901
Latitude: 36.172437858263585
Longitude: -86.79238789894559
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 9
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in this spacious Nashville townhouse just minutes from downtown. This four-bedroom, 2.5-bath retreat sleeps up to nine, with a queen bed, bunk bed, two single beds, and a sofa bed in the family room. Enjoy the private backyard with a BBQ grill, city views, and a ping pong table. The fully equipped kitchen includes a Keurig and drip coffee maker. Vizio smart TVs with Roku are in the family room and primary bedroom. Washer and dryer available in a common space.

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.

ACCESS TYPE:
▻ Guests will have access to the entire home, including the private backyard.

PROPERTY LAYOUT
FIRST FLOOR
▻ Family Room — Vizio smart TV with Roku, indoor fireplace, ping pong table, sofa bed
▻ Kitchen — stove, oven, microwave, fridge/freezer, dishwasher, garbage disposal, Keurig, drip coffee maker, blender, kettle, ice maker
▻ Dining Room — dining table
▻ Half Bathroom — toilet, sink
▻ Private Backyard — BBQ grill, outdoor seating

SECOND FLOOR
▻ Bedroom 1 — queen bed, Vizio smart TV with Roku, dresser, ceiling fan, attached bathroom
▻ Bedroom 2 — bunk bed (sleeps 2)
▻ Bedroom 3 — double bed, closet
▻ Bedroom 4 — double bed, closet
▻ Bathroom 1 — toilet, shower, bathtub, dual vanity
▻ Bathroom 2 — toilet, shower, bathtub, sink
▻ Laundry closet — washer, dryer

HIGHLIGHTS:
▻ 4 bedrooms and 2.5 baths — sleeps up to nine guests
▻ Private backyard with BBQ grill and outdoor seating
▻ Ping pong table in the family room — perfect for game nights
▻ Indoor fireplace for cozy Nashville evenings
▻ City views from back and side porches
▻ Vizio Smart TVs with Roku in family room and primary bedroom
▻ Fully equipped kitchen with Keurig and drip coffee maker
▻ Washer and dryer available in a common space
▻ Minutes from downtown Nashville, Nissan Stadium & Bridgestone Arena

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ Two-story townhouse with all four bedrooms and both full bathrooms on the second floor, a half bathroom on the first floor.

Guest access
PARKING:
▻ Free street parking available in front of the home.

ENTERING THE HOME:
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In.

Other things to note
HOUSE RULES:

(Designed for a clean, comfortable, and respectful stay)

We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained. As this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property, minor signs of age may be present. If anything needs attention during your stay, please let us know and we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit.

Respect the Home
- Please treat the home as you would your own.
- Street parking is not permitted. Please use only the designated parking areas provided.
- The home is equipped with essential electronics that support operations. Please do not unplug any connected devices.
- Guests are responsible for any damages or loss and should report them immediately so we can resolve matters quickly.

Respect the Neighbors
- No parties or events.
- Quiet hours are observed between 10:00 PM and 8:00 AM.
- Please keep noise and activity neighbor-friendly at all times.
- Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

Health & Cleanliness
- No smoking inside the home or on the property.
- Pets are not permitted. Undisclosed pets may result in a $200 per-pet fee to cover professional cleaning.

Check-In & Check-Out
- Early check-in: We’ll do our best to accommodate when possible. Same-day requests depend on our cleaning schedule. To guarantee early check-in, booking the prior night (if available) is recommended.
- Late check-out: Requests must be made by the day before departure.. To guarantee a late check-out, booking the following night is recommended. Unapproved late check-outs may incur additional charges, and departures at 12:00 PM or later may be considered an extra night’s stay.

ADDITIONAL POLICIES:
- Luggage drop may be available with prior host approval.
- Third-party bookings are not permitted. Guests must book for themselves.
- Forgot something? We can mail items back upon request for a handling and shipping fee.
- Cancellation: To receive a full refund, cancellations must be made within 24 hours before check-in. Cancellations after this window will be charged according to the number of nights stayed.

Safety & Security
- EXTERIOR security cameras are installed above the front door overlooking the entrance and front and back porch.

By booking this property, you agree to follow the house rules and policies outlined above. Significant violations, unreported damages, or failure to comply with house rules may result in additional charges in accordance with Airbnb’s policies.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1662 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting