URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/788295798697610212
Latitude: 36.1379
Longitude: -86.7876
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 7
beds: 12
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
THESE 2 TOWN HOMES ARE NOT CONNECTED BUT VERY CLOSE IN PROXIMITY!

Our 2 townhomes offer many sleeping options w/ 7 private bedrooms, 5 full baths, 2 half baths, 2 rooftops, a game room & only 1.5 miles to Broadway. We are also under a mile from the Gulch& all of the murals in one of our local neighborhoods of 12th South.
We also offer a very unique experience. Ask us how to hire a Nashville recording artist to come& play a private set for your group!

The space
Rooftops- You enter the beautiful rooftop space as you come up the stairs from the 3rd level. This space is large and features PLENTY of seating! Perfect space for hanging out and enjoying a drink with friends/family! There are plenty of games such as bowling, cornhole, can toss, dice, and more for your use!

1st Floor/ Entrance- 1118 Argyle has a HUGE GAME ROOM, with 3 built in twin size bunk beds! There are plenty of games for you and your party to enjoy, including a pool table, phone booth and a HUGE mirror with plenty of seats for getting ready for your night out! 
1125 Summit also has a game room! It has a speak easy vibe and a pull out couch! There is also a bedroom on this floor with queen size bunks! Has a full en-suite bathroom also! 

The main (2nd) floors- 1125 Summit - As you walk straight up the stairs when you enter the home, you are welcomed into the beautiful open kitchen/dining area! Our kitchens features high end appliances and a traditional/keurig coffee maker combo for everyone’s enjoyment. The kitchens and dining areas are opened right into the vibrant living spaces. Perfect for great conversation, a game of twister; or just dinks and creating the best memories ever!   1118 Argyle- as you come up the stairs, you enter the kitchen and living space. Off of the kitchen, there is a guest bedroom with a Queen bed with twin trundle. (Sleeping for 3). This guest bedroom has an attached half bathroom, which is also accessible to the living/kitchen area! 

3rd floor- 1125 Summit - When you continue up the stairs from the living room, you come to the 3rd floor which has two bedrooms, each with along size beds. One of the rooms has an en-suite bathroom. The other room has a full bathroom that is not attached. The laundry is also on this level! 
1118 Argyle - As you enter the 3rd floor, there are two bedrooms, one with a Queen bed and another with a king bed, both have en-suite bathrooms!

Rooftop- You enter the beautiful rooftop space as you come up the stairs from the 3rd level. This space is large and features PLENTY of seating! Perfect space for hanging out and enjoying a drink with friends/family! 

There is a parking lot in the back of these units that has about 15 spots and there is plenty of street parking!

Guest access
You will have access to the entire townhomes.  We offer keyless entry for easy check in and access.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

• 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
• 2 rolls of paper towels
• 1 cleaning sponge
• A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Most useless skill: N/A
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4539 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting