URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/14315553
Latitude: 36.19492
Longitude: -86.70518
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
With over 500 5-star reviews, Wayside Cottage is nestled in the quiet*, tree-lined Rosebank neighborhood and is near Shelby Park & Greenway trail system.  Enjoy nearby eateries, pubs, independent shops, live music, microbreweries, coffee shops, etc.  Just 2 mi from bustling 5 Points in East Nashville, 10 mins from downtown, and 12 mi from the airport.

*NOTE: There is a new house being built next door. So between Jan and Feb we expect some noisy construction 7am - 7pm Mon-Sat (starts 9am Sat.)

The space
We designed this cozy cottage to be a place where guests could get away, while remaining close to everything that makes East Nashville so amazing. Almost all of the work was done by local musicians, including our family, and we think you can feel it when you walk through the door. The furniture is comfortable. The kitchen is perfect for fixing your own meals or for re-heating the amazing leftovers you brought home from one of the many incredible restaurants in the area. The HD TV is set up to stream all the major services (Netflix, YouTube, etc) and has basic digital HD cable channels via YouTubeTV / Roku. There's even a tuned guitar waiting to be picked! We designed, built, and decorated Wayside Cottage with and for our friends and family. We hope you feel right at home.

Take a stroll on the Shelby Bottoms Greenway just around the block. Have a campfire out back at night (you provide the wood). There's a pile of board games and puzzles in the cabinet and you are welcome to borrow some DVDs.

This property is fully licensed and permitted by the City of Nashville. The owners live on-site, in a detached home. This cottage is located behind the main house.

Guest access
The Cottage is a detached structure behind our main house. You'll have the whole place to yourself! There's a queen-size bed with a brand new mattress and beautiful bedding, full bathroom with shower/tub, a full kitchen, and a super-comfy main room. The central heat and AC is brand new, super comfortable, and really quiet. The couch is large and very comfortable for a third sleeper (the back cushions lift off) or we can bring in an air mattress.

The lock is a coded so you can come as late as you want with no worries about disturbing anyone. You can drive right up to the cottage and park your car.

Other things to note
If you like coffee, you're in luck! We roast our own coffee beans on-site and our son is the roaster for Retrograde, one of the best coffee shops in town. The kitchen will be stocked with fresh roasted coffee, a burr grinder, a small automatic drip brewer, and a French Press. We're serious about coffee, as you will see. Upon request, you'll also find a couple of local beers in the fridge when you check-in.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: John And Michelle
Host User ID: 42979311
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/42979311
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We (Michelle and John) have been married for 30 years and have 4 amazing children. Three of them are on their own now. One is roasting some of the best coffee in town. One was the head chef at one of the city's coolest restaurants and is now working in logistics and taking good care of his wife and our granddaughter! Our daughter is out in East Tennessee raising our grandson in the country. One is home with us still, playing the piano, making stuff out of duct tape, and generally being amazing. 

We moved to Nashville just under 15 years ago and absolutely love the place. Both of us have been involved in the music industry in one way or another, including through our own independent band and through other various aspects of the scene. We often host acoustic concerts on our pack patio, and still love to travel, write, and perform. One of our deepest callings, though, has been to foster and encourage community. 

This cottage is a brand new project for us. The work was done, almost entirely, by local artists and musicians. Most of the furniture was sourced right here in the neighborhood. Even the art is from local artists. If you're looking for a quiet, upscale place from which to enjoy Music City we hope you come see us.
My work: Music Industry, Gospel Music, Americana Music, Author
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
567 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting