URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1340067614659403906
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the magic of Nashville with your besties in this stylish and centrally located Honky Tonk Haven. Just steps away from the vibrant Broadway strip, you'll be immersed in the heart of the city's music scene. Located just a few blocks from the famed Honky Tonk Highway,  you can soak up the exhilarating atmosphere of the live music and nightlife of Nashville with a gorgeous home-away-from-home welcoming you.

The space
Get ready to experience Nashville in style!

Location, Location, Location:
•	Walk to it all! Explore legendary bars, honky tonks, and live music venues on Broadway, just a hop, skip, and a jump away. 
•	Discover iconic landmarks like the Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame, and Johnny Cash Museum – all within easy walking distance.
•	Conveniently located near Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, The Gulch, Music Row, and more.

Stylish Suite, Unforgettable Stay:
•	Chic and modern: Enjoy a luxurious king bed, two queen beds, and stylish living spaces.
•	Home away from home: Relax with an in-unit washer/dryer, a bathtub, and a luxurious rain shower.
•	Get ready to shine: Capture unforgettable moments with our vibrant neon selfie walls.
•	Ample space for everyone: Perfect for groups and families, with a dedicated glam station featuring lighted mirrors.

Indulge Your Senses:
•	In-House Cocktail Bar: Unleash your inner mixologist with the Bartesian cocktail machine. Bring your favorite spirit and enjoy premium cocktails at the touch of a button. Capsules provided.
•	Gourmet Kitchen: Cook up pre-party snacks or a late-night feast. Enjoy complimentary coffee, K-cups, creamers, and Torani syrup.

Relax and Recharge:
•	Courtyard Oasis: Unwind on the gorgeous courtyard balcony with pool views, sipping your favorite cocktail or enjoying a cup of coffee.
•	Year-round enjoyment: Heated pool allows for swimming and relaxation any time of year.
•	Entertainment Central: Binge-watch your favorite shows on the 4K UHD 65-inch Smart TV, stream on high speed Wi-Fi, or have a fun game night.

Book your Nashville adventure today and experience the magic of Music City!

Guest access
Guests have full access to the building's resort-style amenities including the pool, state-of-the-art gym, courtyard, and Sky Lounge via the Door app. Further instructions provided upon booking. 

Amenities include:
- Courtyard with BBQ grills, fire pits, and outdoor dining. Hours: 10am-10pm.
- Heated pool open year-round with free lounging and option to rent luxurious poolside cabanas.  Hours: 10am-8pm.
- Convenient Baggage Bellhop service stores your luggage for $5/bag before or after check-in/out. Hours: 9am-5pm.
- Overnight Security. Hours: 10pm-6am.
- Gym, fully equipped with rock climbing and yoga studio. Hours: 24 hours.
- Onsite Emergency Maintenance. Hours: 24 hours.
- Host and Cohost are available via Airbnb message, phone call, or text. Hours: 24 hours.

Parking:
For parking, we recommend using the onsite Priority Parking garage. The cost is typically $45 per night plus tax, and is managed by the parking authorities. Please note that parking is strictly monitored. After parking, you must locate the kiosk in the parking area to pay for the number of days you plan to use the space.

Other things to note
If you have a larger group and require additional space, please feel free to inquire about our other units using the links below:

airbnb.com/h/girlygetawaygalore

airbnb.com/h/themusiccitysuite

airbnb.com/h/honkytonkhideawaysobro

Registration Details
STR Permit #2018073898

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jana
Host User ID: 185127881
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/185127881
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi there! I'm an avid adventurer who loves exploring the world, whether it's on my Triumph Tiger, paddling through serene waters, or hiking breathtaking trails. I'm passionate about spending time with my family and enjoy whipping up delicious meals in my free time. (Don't judge me, but I also have a weakness for a good shopping spree!) I'm excited to share my love for Nashville with you and ensure you have a truly memorable stay.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Purdue University Global
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
198 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting