URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1613834030818489999
Latitude: 36.1954
Longitude: -86.7798
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★ The Great Gatsby by AvantStay ★ 

• Art Deco–inspired home made for stylish group getaways
• Fully private rooftop deck with hot tub and 8’ privacy walls between units
• Private back deck with fire pit, dining space, and ambient lighting
• Speakeasy-style lounge with velvet seating, games, and a player piano
• All TVs are Smart TVs, plus in-unit laundry and garage parking

The space
Step into The Great Gatsby, a striking Art Deco–inspired residence where 1920s glamour meets modern group living. Designed for unforgettable gatherings, this home blends bold architecture, rich textures, and dramatic lounge spaces with effortless comfort and high-end amenities.

The main living area is open and inviting, anchored by plush seating, statement design details, and a Smart TV for movie nights or downtime between celebrations. Flowing seamlessly into the fully equipped kitchen, the space is ideal for shared meals, celebratory toasts, and late-night conversations. Everything you need is at your fingertips, from everyday essentials to thoughtful hosting touches that make group stays feel easy.

Downstairs, the home transforms into a true speakeasy-style lounge. Sink into velvet seating, challenge your group to games, or gather around the player piano and curated bar area for an evening that feels straight out of the Roaring ’20s. A Smart TV adds flexible entertainment while keeping the focus on connection and atmosphere.

What truly sets this home apart is its rare combination of a fully private rooftop deck and a private back deck—a standout feature for group stays. The private back deck invites relaxed evenings around the fire pit and alfresco dining under the lights, offering a cozy, tucked-away setting just for your group. Above it all, the fully private rooftop deck delivers an elevated experience designed exclusively for your stay. With 8-foot privacy walls separating neighboring units, the rooftop offers complete seclusion—no shared sightlines, just your group enjoying lounge seating, skyline views, and a hot tub perfectly positioned for winding down after a night out or kicking off the evening in style.

This home comfortably accommodates up to 12 guests across four well-appointed bedrooms designed for both privacy and flexibility. The primary bedroom features a king bed and a private ensuite with a shower/tub combo, while Bedrooms 2 and 3 each offer their own ensuite bathrooms with walk-in showers—one with two queen beds sleeping four, and the other with a king bed sleeping two. Bedroom 4 is a versatile loft-style space with two lofted twin beds over two sleeper sofas, ideal for kids or additional guests, and is conveniently served by a nearby full bathroom with a walk-in shower. With four bedrooms, four bathrooms, and thoughtful sleeping configurations throughout, the layout is perfectly suited for families or groups traveling together.

Additional conveniences include an in-unit washer and dryer, a garage plus an extra dedicated parking spot, and an intuitive layout that keeps gatherings flowing naturally from space to space.

From cocktail hours to slow mornings after, The Great Gatsby is a stay made for celebration, connection, and unapologetic style—where true privacy, standout outdoor spaces, and intentional design come together to make every night feel like an event.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home allows up to 2 pets for a fee; undisclosed pets brought without AvantStay’s approval may result in a $500 fine per pet.

Parking Details:
- Guests may park in one space directly in front of the unit and one garage space. A limited number of overflow parking spaces are also available on site.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit Number: 202/510/2497

Registration Details
2025102497

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting