URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/587561832516636870
Latitude: 36.2267
Longitude: -86.7259
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This house is amazing with 5 TVs, huge rooftop and one of a kind interior designed, this is one of the best houses in Nashville.  Only 5 minutes to the Grand Ole Opry and 10 minutes to Broadway, this luxury 4 story home has it all.  Each bedroom has its own bathroom and the home features a huge kitchen with a amazing living room.  We strive to make your stay the best stay you could possibly have in Nashville! We look forward to hosting you!  Happy to help with any questions and recommendations!

The space
This 4 story home has a huge top rooftop and each bedroom of the 4 has a full en-suite bathroom.  The house is laid out to accommodate 12 guest comfortably.  No corners were cut on this luxury house.

Parking:
The house includes a two car garage and also parking parallel to the houses garage. Larger/additional vehicles can also be accommodated on either side of the driveway pulling in with ample space always available.  The street also has free parking. 

Home:
Our home has been thoughtfully built with fresh paint, modern countertops, and chic decor but clean and simple at the same time with a huge 75 inch Samsung smart tv in the open spacious living room.  Also each room  located in the house has 43 inch Samsung smart TVs.  Along with en-suite bathrooms. 

Sleeping Arrangements:
There are 4 bedrooms located on each floor and two bedrooms on the third floor outfitted with memory foam mattresses in each to give everyone a great night's rest. The Master on the third floor contains two Queen beds with an en-suite master bathroom and huge walk-in closet. You also have a fold out queen mattress in the closet in this room that can be used anywhere.  The next bedroom on this floor has a huge sleigh king bed and its own en-suite bathroom along with closet and huge mirrors in each room for getting ready with 43 inch smart TV’s.  On this floor you also have a washer and dryer.  The 3rd bedroom contains one king sleigh bed is located on the second floor.  This room also has huge mirror, en-suite bathroom and is on the same level as the kitchen.  This  room also has a big closet and 43 inch smart tv.  The bottom room on the first floor has two queen beds and a walk in closet, en-suite bathroom and smart tv.  Each room is cozy and laid out well to fit larger groups with kids or no kids. Each room is also fitted with blinds to block out any sun.   Each room has its own full bathroom. 

Living Room:
A spacious living room with two couches and a relaxing matching chair.  A Samsung 75 inch smart TV. Also access apps like Netflix, Hulu, ESPN, etc.  On this floor you also have additional seating at a high top area. 
Built for a spacious layout to accommodate larger groups. 

Kitchen:
A fully equipped kitchen for cooking meals including a full oven and stove stop for all your cooking needs, also coffee pot, Keurig machine, cups, bowls, microwave, blender, toaster, pots and pans, and all the necessities needed for a full functioning kitchen.  

Bathrooms:
The house also has 4 full bathrooms one on each floor and two on the third floor. Three with a shower/tub and the other with a walk in rainfall shower in the master bathroom. There is also washer and dryers on the third floor. 

Decks:
House boast one huge deck on the 4th story, on this deck you will find a table for eating and sun reclining chairs for sunbathing and or relaxing.  Also additional seating and chairs for relaxing.  

Guest access
The entire house and backyard/patio is yours only to enjoy and make yourself at home in! No shared spaces, and reserved for you and your guests only to relax in.

Other things to note

Location Highlights:
Situated in the heart of East Nashville, this property offers unparalleled access to some of the city's most iconic attractions and hidden gems. A short drive will take you to the bustling downtown area, home to Broadway's famous honky-tonks, Nissan Stadium, famous honky-tonks, and the Country Music Hall of Fame. You are super close to the grand ole Opry and Gaylord hotel as well as easy access to the airport.  

Local Dining
Butcher and Bee
El Fuego Mexican (5 min):
Mas tacos(10 min)
Edley's Bar-B-Que (8 min):
A must-visit for Nashville barbecue, featuring mouthwatering brisket and pork. 

Known for its tree-lined streets, charming boutiques, and a fantastic array of dining options.
This property offers a perfect balance of relaxation and excitement, giving guests easy access to Nashville's vibrant urban life and quieter residential neighborhood.

Any questions or recommendations needed I’m am so happy to help! Just reach out for anything you need and I am here to accommodate!

Guest access
Entire home is for guest! Happy to help with any questions or recommendations! Great restaurants in the area!

Other things to note
Load dishwasher and throw all towels into a pile at checkout, also take all trash out.  Max of 3 cars per a house short term rental laws for all of Nashville short term rentals.  No decorations on the walls or confetti allowed at the house, hanging things on the walls will damage the walls.  No smoking of any kind at the property, also please take shoes off in the house if you don’t mind.  Please carry luggage up the stairs and don’t drag and be mindful of the walls and try not to put marks on the walls.  Our number one goal is y’all have the best time possible but please be respectful of the property and take care of it.  Maximum of 12 guest are allowed due to Nashville codes. If y’all need anything at all we are here to help!  Thank you so much!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonathan
Host User ID: 165608670
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/165608670
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I live in Nashville Tennessee and love to travel!  I also love nature, animals, and meeting new people from all over the world!  The world is so beautiful filled with hidden gems throughout, you just have to find them
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
242 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting