URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1574157207468116577
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Yeehaw! Welcome to your Cowboy Country Crashpad. This stylish, themed apartment features a private balcony with a relaxing pool view and premium bedding (1 King, 2 Queens). You're only a 5-minute walk (two blocks!) from Broadway's Honky Tonks, live music, and epic Nashville nightlife. Unbeatable location, unforgettable style! Get your boots on!

The space
🎉 Immerse Yourself in Honky Tonk Style
Step inside your retreat and prepare to be wowed by the bold Western decor and fun details that bring the spirit of Nashville indoors. The apartment is decked out with authentic touches, including rustic wood accents, plush cowhide rugs, guitar-themed artwork, and custom-designed lighting that sets a warm, energetic Honky Tonk mood. Gather your group in the comfortable dedicated seating area, or utilize the full kitchen before heading out. Every corner is a photo opportunity! 
📍 Location, Location, Location!
You simply cannot beat this spot. We are situated just a quick 5-minute trot (a couple of blocks!) from Broadway's famous strip. Leave your car behind and easily walk to the heart of the action.

World-Famous Honky-Tonks: Catch legendary live music acts and grab a drink at venues like Tootsie's, The Ryman, and The Bluebird Cafe—all within easy walking distance.

Nightlife & Entertainment: Dive into Nashville's endless nightlife, attend sporting events (Titans, Predators), or visit major attractions like the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum.

Convenience: Enjoy quick access to dining, coffee shops, and essential services nearby, making your stay seamless.

🏡 Comfort and Amenities for Your Crew
While the outside is all energy, your apartment is designed for ultimate comfort and relaxation after a long night of two-stepping, featuring premium sleeping arrangements for the whole group.

Luxurious Sleeping: Sink into high-quality mattresses and luxury linens. We offer one King bed and two comfortable Queen beds, ensuring everyone gets a deep night’s sleep.

Full Kitchen: Prepare your own meals or leftovers in the fully equipped kitchen, featuring modern appliances, cookware, and dishware. Perfect for saving money on those downtown eats!

Modern Touches: Enjoy high-speed Wi-Fi for streaming and staying connected, a smart TV for winding down, and central air conditioning/heating to keep you comfortable year-round.

Sparkling Clean Bath: The bathroom is stocked with fresh towels and essential toiletries.

Your cozy retreat is the ultimate, stylish, and perfectly located base for your Nashville adventure. Get ready to experience the city like a true insider—you'll be closer to the fun than almost anyone else!

Nashville Nights Await—So Get Your Boots On! Book your stay at the Cowboy Crashpad today!

Guest access
🏊 On-Site Perks for the Perfect Stay

✔️ Swimming Pool:
Take a dip or relax poolside—open daily from 10 AM to 8 PM.

✔️ Gym Access:
Stay on top of your fitness routine with access to a modern, on-site fitness center, just a short stroll from your door.

✔️ BBQ Area:
Craving an outdoor meal? Fire up the grill at the communal BBQ area—perfect for casual gatherings and sunny afternoons.

✔️ Underground Gated Parking:
Secure parking one spot available !

Other things to note
Thank You for Staying with Us!

We are thrilled to have you as a guest and want to make sure your stay is as enjoyable and comfortable as possible. To help maintain a peaceful and pleasant environment for all, please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our guidelines.

Additional Fees:

Early Check-In Fee: $30 (subject to availability)

Late Check-Out Fee: $30 (subject to availability)

Smoking Fee: $750 (if any smoking is detected inside the unit)

Event/Party Fee: $1,000 (if a party or event is held)

Noise Violation Fee: $500-$1,000 (if noise complaints are made and not resolved)

Please note: Any smoking, parties, or events detected during your stay will result in applicable fees.

Damages:

Any damage to the unit will be professionally assessed and billed to the guest. Please treat the space with care to avoid unnecessary charges.

POOL & COURTYARD GUIDELINES:

Pool Hours: 10:00 AM – 8:00 PM
Courtyard Hours: 10:00 AM – 10:00 PM

No Glass Containers allowed in the pool or pool deck area or apartment balcony .Use paper or plastic only.

Glass Breakage: If glass is broken in the pool or pool deck area, you will be responsible for the damages, which could exceed $3,000.

Food is allowed at the pool deck, but never in the pool.

Noise Level: Please be considerate of all residents and keep noise levels low. Loud music is not permitted.

Pets: This is a pet-free community. Pets are not allowed in the pool or courtyard. A $250 fine will be issued if a pet is brought into these areas.

Pool Behavior: No diving, running, rough play, or inappropriate behavior in the pool area.

Guests: Residents may have up to 2 guests at the pool at any time and must accompany them. Family, friends, and cleaners are not allowed in the pool area without the resident present.

Airbnb Guests: Only the guests listed on the reservation are permitted in the pool and amenity areas. Please have your reservation details and photo ID available for verification upon request.

BBQ & CABANAS:

Grills are available on a first-come, first-serve basis. Please ensure you are present at all times while using the grill and clean it after use.

Cabanas may be reserved for $100 for up to 4 hours.

QUIET HOURS:

To ensure everyone’s comfort, quiet hours are from 10:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be mindful of your neighbors during this time and keep noise levels to a minimum.

SMOKING POLICY:

The Burnham is a smoke-free community. Smoking of any kind, including tobacco, vaping, or any other burning products, is strictly prohibited inside the building, on balconies, and in indoor common spaces. Smoking must occur at least 15 feet away from the building.

PARKING:

All parking in the gated garages is assigned. Please ensure you display the correct parking pass corresponding to your assigned space. Unique resident codes are required for access. Unauthorized parking will result in towing.

We greatly appreciate your understanding and cooperation in keeping the building clean, peaceful, and enjoyable for everyone. Should you have any questions or need assistance during your stay, please don't hesitate to reach out. Enjoy your time here!

Amenity Access Disclaimer
Please note that while we do our best to ensure all amenities (such as the pool, gym, lounge, etc.) are available during your stay, we are not responsible for any closures due to maintenance, repairs, or building management decisions. These circumstances are beyond our control, and as such, no refunds will be issued for unavailable amenities. We appreciate your understanding.

Severe Weather Notice

Please be advised that we are not responsible for travel disruptions, delays, or cancellations caused by severe weather or other events beyond our control. Our standard cancellation policy will remain in effect in these situations.

For your peace of mind, we strongly recommend purchasing travel insurance to protect your trip in case of unexpected weather or travel issues.

Thank you for your understanding

Registration Details :2018071704

Registration Details
2018071704

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jo Ann
Host User ID: 405791167
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/405791167
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English and Spanish
Lives in Pembroke Pines, Florida
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
241 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting