URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/577068948146442623
Latitude: 36.15519
Longitude: -86.76378
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 10
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Nashville! Experience this magnificent city while vacationing in this glamorous brand-new luxury home featuring lavish design & decor. Located Downtown in the newly constructed MUSE property, go ahead and aMUSE yourself with all the instagramable moments: take pictures with Famous Music City Outlaws, A real Nashville Cowgirl or with your own Broadway experience in front of the Batman Building! The Grand outdoor living space includes rooftop bars to enjoy sunset cocktails & City Views!

The space
“THE OUTLAW PALACE” Nashville city living close to all the action with all the amenities you could ever want!  An unbeatable location less than a mile from live music downtown on Broadway, The Gulch hot spot, chic eateries in Germantown and unique shops at Marathon Village. The location can’t be beat! Perfect for any occasion, Bachelor and Bachelorette Parties, Birthday celebrations, Family or Couples Getaway! 
Walking distance to Broadway. 

The interior has the Morgan Wallen “Broadway Girls” Mural on one Side AND on the other is the “Outlaw Wall” with the Mugshots of Famous Musicians. See if you can guess them all!

MUSE is the one of a kind hotel lifestyle while relaxing in your own large space. The property includes a gym, rooftop, bag drop, elevators, and much more all in downtown Nashville! Truly no other Airbnb with the unlimited amenities this close to Broadway. 

LIVING AREAS:

Unwind in style on the sofa and black velvet chairs, take all the instagramable moments you want in front of:
1.  “THE Outlaw Wall” featuring famous musicians mug shots and tag using #mycellmate #bestmugshotvote #outlawpalace #outlawpalaceairbnb
2.  The one of a kind Nashville wall featuring the batman building and Music City #THEmusicitybnb #outlawpalaceairbnb
3. Pose in front of the infamous “Broadway Girls” by Morgan Wallen!  #outlawpalaceairbnb 

BEDROOMS & BATHS:

This home includes three bedrooms that sleep 10 total.  Two bathrooms fully stocked with anything you need to get your day started or wind down for bed!

Stretch out on a plush king bed under the music city lights in master suite known as the “Batman Room.” Refresh in the en-suite master bath, equipped with double vanities, and a giant marble walk in shower with a rainfall shower head and build-in bench.  As you get ready for your Nashville adventure don't miss every detail on the unique Nashville landmarks wall including The Ryman, pedestrian bridge,  world famous Loveless cafe and much more.

The second bedroom is the happening “Honky Tonk Room” which has a comfy queen bed with unique Music City vibes on the walls, the bed, and pillows!  Along with a large closet.

The third bedroom is the “Nashville Locals Room” which has 2 XL twin-over-twin-over-twin bunk beds.  It features a list of every hotspot in Nashville and areas where locals primarily hangout, a little secret for tourist looking for more than just Broadway ;)

Guest access
Smart key-less access to the property.  Guests have access to the entire property.  It's hotel living but in your own large 3 bedroom condo downtown! They can enjoy the massive Gym on the first floor including a Peloton, the rooftop space with a bar on the top floor and city views in every direction.

Other things to note
During checkout Please also take the trash to the trash room. Take a left out of the condo and a right around the corner and it’s the first door on your right. Very convenient, just steps to take all the trash out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jeff
Host User ID: 48883745
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/48883745
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi I’ve been an Airbnb SuperHost for several years and truly enjoy hosting. I moved to Nashville in 2016 and love the city but a big reason is my home. The home is truly a dream for me and I fell in love the second I saw it. Fortunately all my guests have felt the same way and been able to enjoy the beauty and comfort of the interior and the spacious backyard to entertain. I enjoy meeting new guests looking to explore the incredible city of Nashville. I hope you’ll be the next guest that gets to enjoy the amazing home. I’m happy to offer any restaurants, bars, or hot spot recommendations around the city. If there’s anything I can do to help make your visit to Nashville even better please let me know! I look forward to welcoming you to my home!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 90%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
214 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting