URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1285797484449408202
Latitude: 36.1456
Longitude: -86.7924
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your next favorite vacation spot, a bright and inviting 2-bed apartment heart of Nashville. This modern retreat places you in the center of all the best neighborhoods! Enjoy a private balcony with stunning sunset views. Plus you’ll have access to the building’s modern amenities including roof deck and lounge, gym, pool and free private parking. With easy access to local hotspots, dining, and entertainment, this is your ideal home base for experiencing all Nashville has to offer!

The space
Brand-new building in the heart of Nashville’s Music Row, designed for short-term vacation rentals. The 5th floor offers fantastic amenities, including a gym, conference room, and plenty of indoor and outdoor lounge areas to switch up your scenery. The pool, open April through October, catches beautiful morning sun. Enjoy free parking in a private garage, and secure, keyless entry throughout the building.

Nearby, you'll find some of Nashville's best dining spots, with The Wellhouse Coffee shop just around the corner—perfect for starting your day. Staying here places you right at the center of Nashville’s most vibrant neighborhoods.

Guest access
The unit you're renting on the 4th floor plus the 5th floor amenity space and seasonal outdoor pool on the 1st floor.

EARLY CHECK-IN & LATE CHECK-OUT
We’re happy to offer early check-in or late check-out when our schedule allows. All requests are subject to availability and an additional fee.
Timing requests depend on our cleaning schedule and nearby reservations, and can only be confirmed within 24 hours of your arrival or departure.

PARKING
Complimentary parking is included with each reservation. Every unit is allotted one space in our private parking garage for the duration of your stay.
Garage spaces are not assigned and may be used on a first-come, first-served basis, with the exception of the Penthouse, which has a designated reserved space.
Additional free street parking is available directly in front of the building and is typically easy to find, particularly during mornings and evenings.
For guests with electric vehicles, an TESLA charging station is available behind the building in the rear parking lot.

Other things to note
Important: Before you arrive you will be asked to complete guest verification through third-party provider Truvi. This is done to ensure we are keeping up-to-date with short-term rental regulations as well as providing both our guests and our properties with extra protection. Truvi will contact you via email and/or text to complete the verification. Please do so prior to arriving at the property to enable a quick and easy check-in process.

📢 Guest Notice | Updated May 2026

Please be aware that there is active construction taking place directly across the street. Work is ongoing and guests may experience some noise during daytime hours on weekdays. We appreciate your understanding and are happy to answer any questions prior to booking.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Courtney
Host User ID: 56210655
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/56210655
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville native here — though I took quite the scenic route back home by way of Brooklyn and southern Georgia! I'm passionate about good food, new adventures, and the belief that travel genuinely makes us better humans.

I'm so excited to share a little piece of Nashville with you and do whatever I can to make your stay a great one. Welcome!
Where I went to school: Fashion Institute of Technology
My work: Jill of all trades
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
216 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting