URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/39909433
Latitude: 36.1582
Longitude: -86.815
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Southern Belle. Experience the blend of modern style and Southern charm in this exquisite one-bedroom condo. Located near Centennial Park, Music Row, and Charlotte Pike, just 2 miles from Broadway. Enjoy high-end furnishings, linens, and a welcoming ambiance. Assigned parking  (one spot)+ street options. NO parties.

The space
Welcome to this beautifully appointed, brand-new one-bedroom condo — a sophisticated retreat designed for those who appreciate the finer details. Whether you're here for romance, creativity, or business, every element of this space was curated with your comfort in mind. It's a natural fit for music industry professionals, songwriters, touring musicians, creatives, traveling nurses, and couples seeking a stylish home away from home.

KITCHEN
Cook like you're home in a fully equipped kitchen featuring sleek Whirlpool stainless steel appliances and stunning upgraded countertops. Everything you need is here — Keurig coffee maker, electric tea kettle, automatic wine opener, toaster, blender, kitchenware, cutlery, pots & pans, and barware. Coffee, tea, and water are stocked and ready for you. The wraparound island seats 3–4 comfortably, making it the perfect spot for a casual meal, a morning coffee catch-up, or an impromptu conversation.

WORKSPACE
The kitchen peninsula doubles as a productivity hub — 42" counter height with bar stools and conveniently accessible outlets for your laptop or tablet. No need to hunt for a café; your desk is already waiting.

SLEEPING
Bedroom: Sink into a plush queen memory foam bed in the private master suite, dressed with quality linens and framed by double-lined blackout drapes for a deep, uninterrupted sleep.
Living Room: The Restoration Hardware sofa effortlessly unfolds into a queen memory foam bed, complete with a mattress protector — because your guests deserve comfort too. Blackout drapes here as well.

MASTER WALK-IN CLOSET
A custom-built hardwood closet system gives you ample space to hang, organize, and store — from garments to luggage. No living out of a suitcase here.

LAUNDRY
A stacked Electrolux washer and dryer are tucked neatly into the laundry closet. Detergent, fabric softener, and dryer sheets are provided under the kitchen sink — travel light and leave fresh.

BATHROOM
A modern full bathroom with an LED-illuminated mirror sets the tone. The tiled shower/bathtub combo includes both a fixed shower head and a wall-mounted handheld bar. Towels are provided, including embroidered dark "makeup removal" towels — a thoughtful touch you won't find everywhere.

BALCONY
Slide open the door and step outside for a breath of fresh air. *Please note: smoking and grilling are not permitted per HOA regulations.*

ENTERTAINMENT & WIFI
Stay connected with 200 Mbps WiFi — fast enough for multiple devices, video calls, and streaming without a hitch. Two smart TVs (living room and master bedroom) come loaded with Xfinity Stream. Prefer Netflix or Hulu? Simply sign into your personal account. A multi-device charging dock on the entertainment console keeps everything powered up.

ACCESS & ENTRY
A keyless Yale smart lock means effortless, key-free entry from the moment you arrive.

PARKING
One complimentary parking space is included with your reservation. Please share your vehicle's make and model prior to check-in. *The space accommodates small to mid-sized vehicles only — oversized trucks, large vans, motorcycles, and moving vehicles are not permitted and may be towed.* Uber and Lyft are also convenient options if you prefer to leave the driving to someone else.

*Note: There are 19 steps from the parking lot to the second-floor entrance — please plan accordingly.*

FAQs
🧍🏽‍♂️ Additional Guests We kindly ask that your guest count stays within what was confirmed at booking. If your plans change and you'd like to bring a few extra faces, just reach out before your stay — we're happy to see what we can do!
🎥 Exterior Cameras For everyone's peace of mind, we have exterior cameras on the property for safety purposes.
🎈 Decorations We love that you might be celebrating something special! Just a couple of things to keep in mind — please avoid glitter and confetti (they're a cleaning crew's worst nightmare 😄), and steer clear of placing anything on the wallpaper. We just ask that all decorations are removed before you check out. Have fun with it!
🎉 Gatherings & Visitors Our house is designed as a peaceful retreat, so we ask that the property not be used as a hub for outside visitors or rotating guests. We want everyone — including our neighbors — to enjoy the space!
🤫 Quiet Hours We have wonderful neighbors, and we'd love to keep it that way! Please help us by keeping outdoor noise to a considerate level during quiet hours. Thank you!
🚭 Smoke-Free Property To keep our space fresh and comfortable for every guest, we ask that there be no smoking inside or within 25 feet of the property. If you smoke outdoors, please keep windows and doors closed. Please note that a $500 fee applies if smoke is detected indoors.
🛠️ Accidents Happen! We truly mean it — we get it! If something breaks or gets damaged during your stay, please just let us know. We appreciate your honesty and it always makes a big difference. No need to stress — just a quick message is all it takes!
🧼 Leaving the Space Our cleaning team works incredibly hard, and we're so grateful for them! The standard cleaning fee covers a normal turnover, so we ask that you leave the space in a reasonably tidy condition out of respect for their time and effort. Our check-out instructions (found in this welcome book) make it easy — just follow those and you're all set. We appreciate you helping us keep things country-cool, classy, and cozy! 🌿
⏰ Early Check-In & Late Check-Out Want to arrive a little earlier or linger a little longer? Early check-in (from 8:00 a.m.) and late check-out (until 5:00 p.m.) may be available — just send us a message ahead of time to check availability for your dates. A small fee applies for approved requests, and availability is limited, so the sooner you ask, the better!
🧳 Luggage Drops Unfortunately, we aren't able to accommodate luggage drops outside of your check-in window. We recommend Luggage Hero, Stow Station, or other luggage storage options nearby — they're super convenient and easy to use!

Guest access
Other than the locked pantry, the entire condo is full access.
24/7 keyless entry to the condo

Other things to note
** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!

The condo is located in the city of Nashville, and is located close to the interstate.  If you are a light sleeper, a white noise machine is provided.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Stephen And Kris
Host User ID: 306018765
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/306018765
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! We are from Atlanta, Georgia and enjoy traveling to Nashville for work and fun. We love to entertain and host friends in our home, so hosting an AirBnB is a natural transition for us!

Some of our favorite things to do in Nashville include drinks at L.A. Jackson (rooftop bar in the Gulch), going to a Titans game, watching Nashville FC at GEODIS Park, and exploring the many fun neighborhoods that Nashville offers.

We hope you enjoy your stay at our Nashville retreat. We’ve designed our place especially for couples looking for a relaxing and comfortable place to reconnect and recharge together, as well as business travelers looking for a comfortable place to work and rest while in Nashville.

We look forward to hosting you!
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
272 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting