URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/54004777
Latitude: 36.1457
Longitude: -86.796
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 3
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Scarritt Bennett. Come stay in a piece of history while enjoying the city of Nashville just steps outside your door. Our space is on Music Row, a block from Vanderbilt, and minutes from Belmont, Lipscomb, Hillsboro Village, 12S, Midtown, Honky Tonk Row and more!

• Walkable to restaurants & bars
• Budget-friendly
• Keypad entry
• Free parking on-site
• Free WiFi 
• Check-in at 4 pm // Check out at 10 am
• No smoking or alcohol allowed

PLEASE READ THE LISTING FULLY BEFORE BOOKING.

The space
We want you to enjoy your stay just as much as you do. Help us ensure you are booking the right fit for your needs by reading this listing fully before booking. 
 
Our cozy suite is located in one of the old dorm buildings of what was once Scarritt Bennett College for Christian Workers, then later Scarritt Graduate School (more history about the campus below). The suite is made up of two rooms, one is a living space and one is a bedroom, adjoined by a full bathroom with a tub/shower combo. Each room of the suite is approximately 100 sq ft. With the bathroom, the total space is about 250 sq ft. Expect a room without frills but on a campus akin to a European monastery or dare we say, Hogwarts…
 
The first room contains a living space set up with a futon plus a desk and chair while the second room has a full sized bed! You can comfortably sleep 2 people in this suite but the max is 3 if you don’t mind a tight squeeze! Each suite is equipped with ONE TV with streaming capabilities, ONE mini-fridge with a freezer, ONE microwave, and lastly ONE dual drip coffee maker + keurig. Keep in mind that for this suite you will have to walk through the first room with the living space and the connected bathroom to get to the second room!
 
If booking here, keep in mind it’s not the room that you’re booking the space for, it’s the location and the beautiful campus. We encourage our guests to explore! Check out the architecture, the archways, there’s even a labyrinth.
 
Temperature Note: This historic building operates on heat during cooler months and air conditioning during warmer months. The entire building shares the same temperature setting, so individual room temperatures cannot be adjusted.
 
If booking here, keep in mind it’s not the room that you’re booking the space for, it’s the location and the beautiful campus. We encourage our guests to explore! Check out the architecture, the archways, there’s even a labyrinth.

--History about Scarritt Bennett!--

 Scarritt Bennett Center is a historic nonprofit conference, retreat, and education center with roots dating back to 1892, when it was founded as Scarritt College for Christian Workers. The college was dedicated to educating women for missionary work and later became co-ed. Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. famously preached in the historic Wightman Chapel in 1957.
Today, the campus provides a welcoming space for conferences, retreats, weddings, and community events. Guests may also enjoy free public programming throughout the year, including poetry readings, live jazz, chapel services, and more. After booking, feel free to ask us about upcoming events and activities happening on campus.

Guest access
You will have full access to your unit as well as access to the dorm building and permission to explore the campus. 

The dorm building is of course shared with other guests so you may pass each other in the halls. 
 
There is free parking onsite, 1 car allotted per unit reserved and a pass will be required. Additional street parking can be found off campus.

Other things to note
→ No alcohol is allowed on campus, in the dorm building, or in the rooms
→ No smoking is allowed on campus, in the dorm building, or in the rooms
 
This property is not the right fit if:
→ You’re looking for a modern building with a giant room and bed. Our rooms are small and the building is frankly, not new. For some it’s not the right fit, for others it’s an experience with a bit of character. 
→ You’re up to no good. Our property is heavily surveilled. We are serious about no alcohol, smoking, no parties. You will be fined and required to leave immediately if found to break any of our house rules.
 
Misc details:
→There is no elevator onsite. Stairs may be required. If you cannot climb stairs please let our team know BEFORE booking so we can ensure 1st floor availability.
→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that an early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.
→  Regarding the unit: It is small. While the max occupancy is 3 people, remember the space is SMALL, 2 fit comfortably.  There is no kitchen. You will have ONE television, ONE mini fridge/freezer, ONE microwave and ONE dual drip/keurig coffee maker. We provide linen, travel-sized toiletries, and a hair dryer. An iron and board are available by request only. Guests are responsible to provide any additional amenities desired other than the starter items provided. Keep in mind that for this suite you will have to walk through the first room with the living space and the connected bathroom to get to the second room!
→ In the cool months we provide heat only. In the warmer months we provide air conditioning only
→ There is free parking onsite, 1 car per unit reserved
→After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival, if booking same day, you may call our team as soon as you've booked. Please ensure your number on your Airbnb profile is up to date.
→ Rest assured, our team is local and available 24/7 for any emergency that may arise.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Paige
Host User ID: 387909824
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/387909824
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Thank you for checking out Scarritt Bennett & our Manor Home. We are so excited to welcome you to stay with us! 

We have a spot for any traveler coming to Nashville. We partner with UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals to manage our property. If you need anything, you are in good hands with them. 

Let us know if you have any questions about Nashville or the units! We look forward to hosting you.
I spend too much time: Wandering Scarritts campus
I'm obsessed with: Historic buildings & art
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
6128 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting