URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/37809196
Latitude: 36.18624
Longitude: -86.71466
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our charming East Nashville retreat, where thoughtful design meets Music City charm. Located just 10 minutes from downtown and Broadway, our home is surrounded by beloved restaurants, bars, shops, outdoor trails, the Grand Ole Opry, and the airport. With two king suites and private ensuite baths, it’s ideal for couples traveling together, girls’ getaways, or anyone wanting a stylish and comfortable home base while exploring Nashville.

The space
Welcome to our East Nashville home — a comfortable retreat just minutes from the best of Music City.

East Nashville offers the best of both worlds: easy access to downtown while still feeling like a true neighborhood. Our home is tucked away in a quiet residential area, yet close to some of the city’s favorite local spots, including Hattie B’s Hot Chicken, Cafe Roze, and Skinny Dennis.

As Nashville musicians, we’ve filled the home with pieces that reflect the city we love — hand-selected antiques, vintage finds, and music memorabilia collected over the years. Each room has a mix of traditional Southern charm and the relaxed, creative feel that makes East Nashville unique.

The home features two king suites with comfortable memory foam mattresses, Egyptian cotton sheets, down comforters, and plush pillows. The upstairs bathroom offers a vintage clawfoot tub with a curated bubble bath bar, including fragrant bubble baths and lavender rose bath salts — the perfect way to unwind after a day exploring Nashville. Guests can also enjoy our small collection of classic romance novels during their stay.

The fully equipped kitchen with a gas range is ready for cooking at home, though East Nashville’s incredible restaurants make takeout an easy choice. Enjoy your morning coffee or evening drink on the back deck overlooking our peaceful backyard, where deer and wild turkeys occasionally pass through.

The main house is completely private for guests. Please note that we have a separate private apartment on the lower level with its own entrance and may occasionally be on-site if we are in town during your stay. We’re always happy to share Nashville recommendations while respecting your privacy.

With a private driveway, free parking, and a convenient location, you’ll be close to everything Nashville has to offer — from Broadway and Nissan Stadium to the Grand Ole Opry and the restaurants and shops of East Nashville.

Highlights of the home:
✓ Entire private main house
✓ Two king suites with luxury bedding
✓ Vintage clawfoot tub with bubble bath bar
✓ Curated antiques, vintage finds, and Nashville music memorabilia
✓ Gourmet kitchen with gas range
✓ Peaceful backyard with occasional wildlife visitors
✓ Private driveway and free parking
✓ Minutes from downtown, Nissan Stadium, BNA Airport, and the Grand Ole Opry
✓ Close to East Nashville restaurants, coffee shops, and local favorites

Perfect for:
✓ Girls' weekends
✓ Couples traveling together
✓ Concert weekends
✓ Titans games
✓ Opry shows
✓ Foodies exploring East Nashville
✓ Writers and creatives looking for inspiration

Guest access
Enjoy private access to the entire home, driveway, and backyard during your stay. Whether you’re sipping coffee in the morning, unwinding after a day exploring Nashville, or relaxing together in the evening, the space is yours to enjoy.

Other things to note
A few helpful notes to ensure a smooth and enjoyable stay: Please do not block any vehicles in the driveway, as there is a separate private unit on the property that we occasionally occupy. This space is completely independent from the guest area, and guests have exclusive use of all spaces included in the listing. You may see us coming and going from time to time, but we value your privacy and are always available if you need anything.

For safety and maintenance reasons, the fireplace is not available for guest use. We appreciate your understanding as we work to preserve the character and comfort of this special home.

We love welcoming families to our home! However, this house has been thoughtfully furnished with vintage pieces, antiques, artwork, and delicate décor, so it is best suited for older children. To help preserve the character of the home and ensure a comfortable stay for everyone, we kindly ask that guests traveling with children be 10 years of age or older. If you are traveling with younger children, we recommend selecting a home specifically designed with little ones in mind.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Zach And Marlaina
Host User ID: 286159445
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/286159445
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi there! My name is Zach. My wife Marlaina and I are looking forward to hosting you in our Nashville home. We are both musicians who play in a RocknRoll/Americana duo together called Slings & Arrows. When we’re not traveling or on tour we’re hanging out at home in Nashville with our dog Ellie, writing songs, and working in the music industry. We can’t wait to welcome you into our home!
Where I went to school: UW and Berklee College of Music
My work: Singer/songwriters
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
122 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting