URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/989917564645018911
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Mocha Latte, a stylish themed 1 Bedroom Luxury Suite centrally-located in the heart of downtown Nashville! This stylish suite is walking distance to Broadway & all other local attractions.

- Music City Center- 0.2 miles
- Bridgestone Arena- 0.4 miles
- Country Music HOF- 0.4 miles
- Broadway- 0.5 miles
- Nissan Stadium- 1.3 miles
- Nashville Int Airport - 6.8 miles

*Parking is NOT inlcuded. Please notify if you'd like to add parking for a small fee*

STRP_2018071419

The space
This beautiful suite is located on the 2rd floor in the heart of Downtown Nashville! Mocha Latte is fully furnished with (2) Queen size beds and (1) Queen sized air mattress. In this Luxury Suite, you can enjoy additional amenities that will make your stay feel just like home!

★ LIVING AREA ★
Relax and unwind in the bright, open living space with huge windows and comfortable hanging swing chairs designed with comfort in mind. The TV comes loaded with streaming apps like Amazon Prime Video, Apple TV, Disney+, HBO Max, Hulu, YouTube and Netflix (You will be able to log into your own account) to keep everyone entertained.
✔ Mocha Latte Themed Lounge
✔ Smart TV
✔ Open Space Designed with Comfort In Mind

★ KITCHEN & DINING ★
The kitchen comes fully equipped with everything you would need to cook up all your favorite meals from the built in oven and microwave to the spacious stainless steel fridge/freezer. 
You’ll have access to quality cookware, dinnerware and utensils along with a Keurig coffee maker to get your day started right and all the cooking essentials you would need right at your fingertips.
✔ Stainless Steel Appliances - Fridge/Freezer, Oven, Microwave
✔ Keurig Coffee Maker
✔ Cookware, Dinnerware & Utensils

★ BEDROOM & BATHROOM ★
Within this Suite, you’ll find two comfortable queen beds topped with soft, quality linen along with plenty of space for you to unpack and make yourself at home. This luxury suite comes with a well thought-of Mocha Latte theme that brightens the entire room and makes you feel comfortable the moment you step in.
There is a lavish full bathroom that come stocked with all the essentials for your stay along with soft fluffy towels so you don’t have to worry about a thing.
✔ Two Queen Beds, Pillows, Night Stands
✔ Luxurious Full Bathroom
✔ Soft Fluffy Towels
✔ Soap, Shampoo, and Body wash

★ OUTDOOR LIVING AND ACTIVITIES ★
On a beautiful day in Downton Nashville, step out by the central pool where you can enjoy the fresh air and lounge in the comfortable chairs and patio available to you. Enjoy a drink or two outside or simply lounge and have the most fun with friends and family (or solo). 

This place is complete with indoor and outdoor lounge and workspaces should you need some work done or just simply want to lay back. 

If you are into health and fitness, this place offers a commercial fitness center with an array of equipment and free weights to complete your workout! There is also a Rock Climbing Wall available if you are looking for a unique activity or a fun full body workout!
✔ Cozy Patio 
✔ Indoor & Outdoor Lounge and Workspace
✔ Commercial Fitness Center
✔ Rock Climbing Wall
✔ Pool

So if you are looking for somewhere special for your next vacation or just a weekend away just steps from Broadway and all just minutes from The Music Center, Country Music HOF, Bridgestone Arena and exquisite restaurants and bars, look no further than this charming, luxurious suite that offers a thoughtful design packed with amenities for everyone to enjoy.

***** and MUCH MORE *****

Our mission is to make sure that your stay in our jungle suite become an unforgettable and amazing experience.

Our goal is to make our beautiful suite be the reason for your decision to travel and visit our city as well as be your home away from home.

★ FUN PLACES AND ATTRACTIONS NEARBY WITHIN MINUTES FROM THE PROPERTY ★

- Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum: Explore the history and legacy of country music through interactive exhibits, memorabilia, and live performances.

- Ryman Auditorium: Known as the "Mother Church of Country Music," this historic venue offers tours and hosts concerts by renowned artists.

- Bridgestone Arena: A popular sports and entertainment venue that hosts major concerts, hockey games, and other live events.

- The Johnny Cash Museum: Celebrate the life and music of the legendary "Man in Black" through exhibits showcasing his career and personal artifacts.

- Frist Art Museum: An art museum housed in a stunning art deco building, featuring rotating exhibits of contemporary and classical art.

- Tennessee State Museum: Discover the rich history of Tennessee through exhibits covering prehistoric times to the present day.

- Nashville Children's Theatre: Enjoy live theater productions for children and families, featuring engaging performances and educational experiences.

- Hatch Show Print: A historic letterpress print shop offering tours and showcasing its iconic posters and artwork created for musicians and events.

- Tootsie's Orchid Lounge: Step into this famous honky-tonk bar where many country music stars have launched their careers and enjoy live music.

- Printer's Alley: A historic entertainment district known for its nightlife, featuring bars, clubs, and live music venues.

- Nashville Symphony: Experience world-class orchestral performances and enjoy a wide range of classical and contemporary music.

- Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum: Celebrate the achievements of musicians from all genres through exhibits displaying their instruments and memorabilia.

- Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame: Learn about the state's sports history and honor the accomplishments of legendary athletes.

- Music City Center: Nashville's premier convention center hosting trade shows, conferences, and events throughout the year.

- Schermerhorn Symphony Center: Home to the Nashville Symphony, this stunning venue showcases classical music concerts and special events.

- Tennessee Performing Arts Center: A cultural hub featuring Broadway shows, ballet performances, opera, and other live theater experiences.

- Ascend Amphitheater: An outdoor concert venue with picturesque views of the Nashville skyline, hosting various musical acts.

- Centennial Park: A beautiful urban park with walking trails, picnic areas, and a full-scale replica of the Parthenon.

- Parthenon: Located in Centennial Park, this iconic landmark houses an art gallery and exhibits that highlight Nashville's classical side.

- Belmont Mansion: Explore this stunning historic mansion turned museum, showcasing the grandeur of the antebellum era.

Guest access
Our keyless entry system provides for a easy self check in and gives you direct access to ALL amenities. This system also provides the peace of mind of a safe & secure building.

Please also keep in mind that we have a ZERO tolerance policy on any violations of all short term rental ordinances and our house rules. No over occupancy - the occupancy listed on the agreement is the only occupancy allowed in the property. No additional guests allowed at any time.

POOL HOURS: 10am-8pm
CourtYard: 10am-10pm

Other things to note
Parking in the city can be expensive and it is first come first serve. Fortunately,  we have a designated parking space in our gated garage you can use for your stay with us for FREE

Need party decorations or coming for a special occasion? Message us and let us set up the condo for you! 

Photo ID will be required to confirm booking.

*Also note that this unit is in a building with other units above and below and to the side of you.  Therefore, some noises should be expected*

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Magdiel
Host User ID: 164518602
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/164518602
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Young, hard working city girl.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: American Musical Dramatic Academy
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
397 reviews
4.68 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting