URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1756822216033472188
Latitude: 36.03290801947074
Longitude: -86.47393962456212
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Contact us directly for stays prior to Jan 1, 2027!

Escape to 3 private wooded acres near Percy Priest Lake at Victory Retreat, featured on the Nashville edition of Staycation.

Perfect for families, fishing trips and group getaways, this unique 4-bedroom, 3-bath home sleeps up to 12 with plenty of room to spread out.

Relax in the private hot tub, gather around the oversized fire pit, enjoy the huge covered porch or take the provided paddleboards to nearby lake access. Fast Starlink Wifi!

The space
NEW LISTING — SAME PROVEN RETREAT!

Victory Retreat may be new to this Airbnb listing, but it's certainly not new to hosting guests. Previously listed and professionally managed for nearly four years, the home earned an outstanding 4.92-star rating from 119 guest reviews and was recognized as a Guest Favorite.

The property is now personally managed by its owners, so we've created this new listing to begin its next chapter. Screenshots from our previous Airbnb listing and guest reviews are included in the photos so you can see the track record Victory Retreat has already built.

Victory Retreat is a spacious 4-bedroom, 3-bath retreat set on 3 private wooded acres near Percy Priest Lake. With soaring wood ceilings, exposed beams and unique architectural details throughout, the home has plenty of character and plenty of room for groups of up to 12.

SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS

• Large King Suite — King bed plus a fully usable queen bed in the loft. This exceptionally spacious converted-garage suite also has its own full bathroom, separate exterior entrance and private sitting/living area. It's perfect for a family or for guests who want a little extra privacy.

• King Bedroom — King bed ensuite with full bathroom 

• Queen Bedroom — Queen bed

• Twin Bedroom — Two twin beds

• Living Room — Queen sleeper sofa

The home has 3 full bathrooms.

OUTDOOR LIVING

The outdoor space is one of the highlights of Victory Retreat. A huge covered porch overlooks the wooded property and provides plenty of comfortable seating and hanging chairs.

Just outside you'll find a large private hot tub that comfortably accommodates about 6 adults, an oversized wood-burning fire pit with firewood provided, a charcoal grill, hammock, cornhole and a large yard with plenty of room to enjoy the outdoors.

PERCY PRIEST LAKE

The property is near Percy Priest Lake but is not directly lakefront. The Lamar Hill lake access area is approximately ½ mile away and is our recommended location for water activities.

Two paddleboards are provided, along with a small trailer guests may use to transport them to the lake. A vehicle equipped with a 2-inch trailer ball is required to tow the trailer.

Bringing a boat? There's abundant parking on the property with plenty of room for multiple vehicles, boats and trailers. Victory Retreat is a great setup for fishing trips and lake weekends.

KITCHEN & LIVING

The kitchen is fully equipped for preparing meals for your group, and the large farmhouse-style dining table provides a great gathering place for meals and games.

Coffee lovers have both a Keurig and traditional drip coffee maker.

The main living area features vaulted wood ceilings, exposed beams, comfortable seating and plenty of room for everyone to gather.

HIGH-SPEED INTERNET

Victory Retreat is equipped with fast Starlink internet, providing excellent connectivity for streaming, remote work and staying connected throughout your stay.

AS SEEN ON STAYCATION

Victory Retreat was featured on the Nashville edition of *Staycation*, where the property and its unique indoor and outdoor spaces were showcased as part of a Nashville-area getaway.

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the entire home and 3-acre property during their stay, including the covered porch, hot tub, fire pit, yard and outdoor amenities.

Parking is abundant, with plenty of room for multiple vehicles as well as boats and trailers.

Guests are also welcome to use the two paddleboards and the small trailer provided for transporting them to nearby Percy Priest Lake access. A vehicle equipped with a 2-inch trailer ball is required to tow the trailer.

The entire property is yours to enjoy during your stay—we want you to settle in, relax and make Victory Retreat feel like your own getaway.

Other things to note
A few things to know before your stay:

LAKE ACCESS
Victory Retreat is near Percy Priest Lake but is NOT directly lakefront. For water activities, we recommend the Lamar Hill access area approximately ½ mile from the property.

PADDLEBOARDS
Two paddleboards are provided for guest use, along with a small trailer for transporting them to the lake. A vehicle equipped with a 2-inch trailer ball is required to tow the trailer.

PETS
Pets are welcome! Please include any pets with your reservation. A refundable $250 pet deposit applies regardless of the number of pets.

WILDLIFE
One of the best things about Victory Retreat is its secluded setting on 3 wooded acres. With that setting comes nature! You may see deer, raccoons, opossums and other wildlife, and you may encounter insects. The home receives regular pest-control service, but wildlife and bugs are a natural part of staying in the woods.

GATHERINGS & EVENTS
The property is primarily intended for overnight accommodations, and parties or events are not automatically permitted. If you're interested in hosting a gathering or special event, please contact us before booking with the details. We're happy to consider requests on an individual basis.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hayse And Rachel
Host User ID: 22718420
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/22718420
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I love to travel and we host a few Airbnb properties locally in Nashville.
My work: Airline Pilot
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
11 years hosting