URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1700789612381495408
Latitude: 36.164821760972
Longitude: -86.77949668308489
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 14
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in a stylish 4-bedroom, 4-bath downtown Nashville loft with exposed brick, a full kitchen, wet bar, and room for 14. Sleeping spaces include two king bedrooms, one queen bedroom, and a bunk room with four queen beds. Restaurants and entertainment are within walking distance. Please note: the building has no elevator, and parking is paid off-site.

The space
Experience the charm and wonder of downtown Nashville when you stay in this lovely loft. Conveniently located in a curated historic building, you'll find unsurpassed luxury in every detail as the place has been meticulously styled and professionally designed. Restaurants, arts, entertainment, and an array of attractions are all within walking distance, and the scenic Cumberland River is just a few blocks away.

Professionally designed 4-bedroom, 4-bath loft in a historic building. Exposed brick, floor-to-ceiling windows, spacious gathering areas, a full kitchen with stainless steel appliances, a wet bar, and a formal dining space make it easy to settle in with your group.

Sleeping layout, 4 Bedroom・Sleeps 14
・Bedroom 1・One king bed
・Bedroom 2・One king bed
・Bedroom 3・One queen bed
・Bedroom 4・Two queen-over-queen bunk beds (four queen mattresses)

The home sleeps up to 14 guests and has four full bathrooms with walk-in showers. Restaurants, arts, entertainment, and downtown attractions are within walking distance, with the Cumberland River only a few blocks away.

Things to know: This historic building does not have an elevator. There is no complimentary parking; guests may use paid street parking or nearby paid garages and lots.

Upon entry, you'll be met with a bright interior and a warm feeling of welcome throughout the space. You'll love the industrial feel of the place, especially with the exposed brick wall that's authentically Nashville. 

Gather with your loved ones on the plush furniture to have a great conversation, or stream a movie marathon on the large TV. Hobby chefs will love creating culinary charms in the full kitchen, equipped with stainless steel appliances and a floating island breakfast bar. 

Serve your guests home-cooked meals at the formal dining table that boasts an unbeatable view with floor-to-ceiling windows. With six beds and a sofa bed, there's more than enough room for everyone to get a comfortable night's rest from the day's activities. 

Invigorate yourself at the start of the day in luxurious walk-in showers throughout the space. Create memories with your friends by spending nights together in the bunk beds.

Guest access
As our guest, you'll have full access to the entire property, except for a few areas reserved for house supplies.

Other things to note
| ▼ Things to Know |

☑︎ Check-in time: 4:00 PM
☑︎ Check-out time: 10:00 AM
☑︎ Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM - 8:00 AM
☑︎ All guests shall abide good neighbor policy and shall not engage in illegal activity.
☑︎ NO smoking is permitted anywhere on the premises.
☑︎ Streaming services available with guests’ own account(s)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Casago Middle Tennessee 1⁩
Host User ID: 134126657
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/134126657
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Casago Middle Tennessee

A franchise partner of Casago- Our Team are local owners who manage properties like they are our own- with pride, care and efficiency.
Speaks Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish
Lives in Sevierville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
16768 reviews
4.51 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting