URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1526869469900564109
Latitude: 36.17434
Longitude: -86.75101
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Guests describe it as quiet: sound-insulated windows, blackout shades, and a spot right by the resort pool without the noise coming inside. Four king bedrooms, four full baths, a private rooftop deck and a chef's kitchen for ten. Share a heated pool, cedar sauna, cold plunge, gym and firepit lounge behind the gate. One block to Five Points, seven minutes to Broadway. Free covered parking.

The space
Close to the pool, quiet inside.

Noa Nashville 4 sits near the resort pool and pavilion, which guests love in the afternoon and, thanks to insulated windows and doors, cannot hear at night. It is the home families and groups pick when they want the amenities up close and a real night's sleep.

Nearby, approximate:

📍 1 block to Five Points restaurants, coffee and live music
📍 7 min drive to Broadway and downtown
📍 5 min to Nissan Stadium
📍 9 min to Music Row
📍 12 min to Vanderbilt
📍 15 min to Nashville International Airport (BNA)

Resort amenities, steps away.

✅ Heated pool (heat included above 60°F; optional paid heat below)
✅ Pool pavilion with bar area, pool towels and ice machine (seasonal, hours vary)
✅ 6-person cedar sauna
✅ Cold plunge
✅ Full gym
✅ Gas firepit lounge
✅ Cornhole
✅ Outdoor speaker system, gated courtyard

Bedrooms and baths.

Four king bedrooms upstairs, four full baths total.
✅ Bedroom 1: King, en-suite with walk-in shower
✅ Bedroom 2: King, en-suite with walk-in shower
✅ Bedroom 3: King, shared bath with tub (families with little ones tend to take this one)
✅ Bedroom 4: King, shared bath with walk-in shower
✅ Living room: Queen sleeper sofa
✅ Pack & Play on request
Pillow-top kings, hotel linens, blackout shades and smart TVs in every room.

Your private rooftop.

A rooftop deck for the group, above the courtyard. Coffee, sunset, and a view of the resort below.

Kitchen and living.

Full stainless kitchen stocked for a group: cookware, chef's knives, baking gear, blender, toaster, pantry staples, spices, and dishware for ten. Local coffee provided. Open living and dining, full bath on the main level. In-unit washer and dryer. 1-gig internet and a dedicated workspace.

Parking.

One free covered space plus free street parking on the block. Gated property.

From guests who stayed in this home:

"We loved our Father's Day staycation at Noa. The place was clean and comfy and we loved walking to get coffee every day. The pool was lovely and the kids met friends to play with. It's very cozy and quiet inside which was so nice." — Christine, June 2026

"There were a ton of amenities that would make an extended stay more fun and comfortable: pool with covered bar and great pool towels and ice machine, corn hole, fire pit, and gym stood out. The amount and size of bathrooms was exceptional and the in unit W/D was a perk not expected but well used. ... Lastly we all commented on how well insulated the windows/doors were. We had a unit right next to the pool and could barely hear people in the pool from downstairs." — Staci, June 2026

"The property offered so much space, making it incredibly comfortable and inviting. It was quiet but still extremely close to downtown. Highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a quiet place hosting multiple people and close to downtown!" — Sabrina, May 2026

Good for: families and multi-generation trips who want to be near the pool; groups in town for a wedding or a game who want to sleep well; multi-couple getaways; groups booking several Noa homes together.

STR Permit #2025064774

Guest access
The entire townhome: all bedrooms, baths, kitchen, living areas, private rooftop and covered parking. Smart-lock self check-in. Full use of the resort amenities shared with the other Noa homes: heated pool, pavilion, sauna, cold plunge, gym and firepit lounge (seasonal hours). No shared interior spaces.

Other things to note
Other things to note

•	Multiple levels; stairs are required.
•	Pool heat included above 60°F outdoor temperature; paid heating available below.
•	Quiet hours 10 PM to 7 AM. Please keep personal speakers off in the pool area; the resort provides music throughout the courtyard.
•	Smoke-free property; restoration fee if smoke is detected.
•	Exterior security cameras, outdoors only.
•	Occasional city or construction noise is possible.
•	On-site team available most days.
•	Please follow posted amenity rules. We enforce Airbnb's cancellation policy; travel insurance is recommended.
•	Not pet-friendly. (Pet-friendly Noa homes are available; ask us.)
STR Permit #2025064774

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Noa Nashville
Host User ID: 720995826
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/720995826
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Noa Nashville is a family-owned, East Nashville–based operation built around a property we designed, developed, and built ourselves. We operate these homes with pride and care—because nothing matters more to us than giving you an exceptional experience.
My work: Nothing but Noa!
Most useless skill: Remembering song lyrics (All of them)
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
423 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting