URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1377653882524783683
Latitude: 36.201
Longitude: -86.7463
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨Step into pure relaxation and style in East Nashville! This spacious home offers 4 bedrooms + a meditation room (theme room), 5 full baths, a movie den, and a fully stocked kitchen under soaring 11-ft ceilings. Unwind in the hot tub, sauna, fire pit, pro grill, and outdoor lounge, or enjoy movie nights with the cinema projector. Perfect for groups, families, or business travelers - book now and make unforgettable memories! 🚀💫

The space
✨Step into a one-of-a-kind luxury spa retreat, designed for unforgettable stays in East Nashville. Whether you're here for a family getaway, a friends' trip, or a celebration, this home is packed with comfort and entertainment. Featuring 4 spacious bedrooms, a meditation room, 5 full baths, and an open-concept living space, you’ll have everything you need for a 5-star stay.

Unwind in the hot tub (fits up to 7 people), sauna (fits up to 6 people), fire pit, and outdoor lounge, or enjoy indoor fun with the cinema projector and Tournament Foosball Table. Premium beds, a fully stocked kitchen, plush bathrobes, flip-flops, and eco-friendly toiletries add to the ultimate relaxation experience.

🔥 Relax in style with a Hot Tub, Sauna, Fire Pit, and outdoor lounge.
🎬 Enjoy movie nights on the cinema projector.
⚽ Challenge friends to a match on the Tournament Foosball Table.
🥂 Upgrade your stay with luxury add-ons - private chef, stylist, spa services & more (see our Digital Guidebook).

✨ We’re here to elevate your experience! If you have any special requests, let us know - we'll do our best to make it happen. Your dream getaway starts here! ✨

Guest access
Guests have exclusive access to the entire home and all amenities. Enjoy the spa area with a sauna, hot tub, and fire pit, or gather around the outdoor lounge and pro grill. Inside, relax with the cinema projector and foosball table. Free parking is available on-site.

For a truly elevated stay, we can charge premium services by request :
✨ Personal stylist & shopping experience
✨ Private makeup & beauty sessions
✨ Luxury chauffeur with a premium car or limousine
✨ Exclusive event planning & VIP experiences
✨ Private chef, catering, and in-home dining
✨and more

Our Digital House Guide details all premium services and is available after booking to help you plan your experience. 
Let us know how we can make your stay unforgettable!

Other things to note
✅ A Digital Guidebook is provided with house rules, local attractions, and available services.
✅ Jacuzzi seats up to 7 people, and the sauna accommodates up to 6 guests at a time.
✅ Luxury bathrobes, flip-flops, and eco-friendly toiletries are provided for your comfort.
✅ Professional cleaning is done before check-in to ensure a pristine stay.
✅ Additional premium services we can authorize by request  - such as private chef, spa treatments, personal stylist, and more.
✅ We’re happy to accommodate special requests whenever possible - let us know how we can elevate your experience!

Prior to your stay, we require you to complete a pre-arrival form and sign & agree to our rental conditions.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Idar
Host User ID: 449937577
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/449937577
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Idar, your host at BNB Guest House! I’m passionate about creating memorable, high-quality stays where guests can relax, recharge, and experience something unique. I love travel, hospitality, and design, so I ensure every detail is thoughtfully presented. Whether you curated for you're here for work or leisure, I’m happy to assist you and make your stay truly unforgettable!
My work: BnB Guest House
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
68 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting