URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1492027416959113714
Latitude: 36.1875
Longitude: -86.7632
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 5
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Spacious Home ★ Backyard Sunsets ★ Prime Nashville Location

Welcome to Nashville Love, a beautifully curated home nestled conveniently near East Nashville's 5 Points. This 5-bdrm, 3.5-bath retreat blends bohemian charm with modern elegance, creating an inviting haven ideal for all. Enjoy our enchanting outdoor spaces featuring two fire pits and a luxe patio deck. We're minutes from Broadway, Music Row, and iconic Nashville attractions.

The space
The Bohemian Farmhouse of your dreams awaits in this 5 bedroom, 3.5 bath! Refreshingly unique and yet delightfully familiar, the feeling of home will immediately embrace you upon your first steps inside of "Nashville Love". With beautiful details like exquisite brick mantles, a herringbone kitchen backsplash, and elegant tiling throughout the bathrooms, the rustic modern style featured throughout the space charms from literally every angle! The outdoor areas are equally as magical, with a breathtaking patio deck, a roomy sitting area and table, and (not one but two) firepits, perfect for those cooler nights. There is so much to love about this gorgeous Nashville home, and we cannot wait to host you here! 

Layout: The first level of the home is framed by a charming front porch and rocking chairs, perfect for those relaxed vacation mornings. The front door opens into the cozy living space which leads into the kitchen. To the left of the main living area, there are 2 bedrooms, one of which has an ensuite bathroom. There is also a half bathroom on this level. The first level also has a laundry room and is connected to the beautiful outdoor deck. The second level of the home has 3 bedrooms, one with an ensuite bathroom, and an additional full bathroom. 

THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR . . .

✓ Family Getaways – Spacious, kid-friendly, and secure.

✓ Bachelorette & Bachelor Parties – Stylish home near vibrant nightlife.

✓ Concert & Event Travelers – Quick access to top Nashville venues.

✓ Corporate & Business Stays – Fast WiFi and a dedicated workspace.

✓ Friend Reunions – Open common areas and multiple sleeping options.

✓ And More! – Versatile for various travel groups.

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌LIVING & DINING

⊙ Inviting living space with cozy furnishings and warm ambiance.

⊙ Fully equipped modern kitchen featuring herringbone backsplash, coffee maker, dishwasher, and essential cooking basics.

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌BEDROOMS

⊙ Bedroom 1 – Queen bed, en-suite bathroom, cozy atmosphere.

⊙ Bedroom 2 – Double bed and sofa bed, comfortable and versatile.

⊙ Bedroom 3 – Queen bed, elegant styling.

⊙ Bedroom 4 – Queen bed, serene decor.    

     Bedroom 5 – One Twin bed and one Trundle bed.
▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌BATHROOMS

⊙ Bathroom 1 – Ensuite, beautifully tiled, complete amenities provided.

⊙ Bathroom 2 – Modern fixtures, fully stocked.

⊙ Bathroom 3 – Stylishly appointed, guest-ready amenities.

     Bathroom 4 - Half Bath.

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌OUTDOOR & COMMUNITY FEATURES

⊙ Gorgeous patio deck, spacious sitting area, and dining table.

⊙ Two cozy fire pits, perfect for chilly Nashville evenings.

⊙ Private backyard, peaceful retreat ideal for relaxation.

▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔

▌TOP FOOD & FUN NEARBY

★ 5 Points – 5 min
Quaint boutiques, hip bars, and renowned dining scene.

★ Broadway & Bridgestone Arena – 11 min
Iconic live music and entertainment venues.

★ Music Row – 12 min
Historic music studios, vibrant cultural attractions.

★ Grand Ole Opry – 15 min
World-famous country music venue.

★ 12 South – 16 min
Trendy cafes, upscale shopping, and gourmet dining.

★ Nashville International Airport – 18 min
Convenient for seamless travel.

▌THE EXPERIENCE TEAM

● SPOTLESS, EVERY TIME
Our professional cleaning team ensures immaculate cleanliness.

● COMFORT YOU CAN FEEL
Fresh sheets, plush bedding, and thoughtful amenities.

● A STAY DESIGNED FOR YOU
Effortless check-in to check-out experience.

● HERE WHEN YOU NEED US
24/7 responsive support.

Experienced in delivering smooth, memorable stays.

● PROUDLY NASHVILLE-BASED
Locally owned, deeply connected to the community.

Guest access
⊙ You’ll have full access to the entire home, including all indoor and outdoor spaces.

⊙ Self check-in with a smart lock—your code will be sent before arrival.

⊙ 24/7 host support—reach out anytime with questions!

Other things to note
⊙ Smoke-free property – $250 fee if violated

⊙ Quiet hours after 10 PM to ensure a peaceful environment

⊙ Early check-in or late check-out may be accommodated upon request—just ask!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Stephanie
Host User ID: 26551135
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/26551135
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, welcome to Twin Palms in Siesta Key, FL and Lucky Pennies Properties in Nashville, TN!  We hope you will have a look at all we have to offer.  We love providing a unique experience that is affordable and exciting.  There is so much fun to be had. Whether you are on the beach, relaxing at the pool with a beverage or looking to explore everything Downtown Nashville has to offer, our Florida resort and beautiful Nashville homes offer it all.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
157 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting