URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1488666563079792012
Latitude: 36.1558
Longitude: -86.7725
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Rutledge After Dark—your sleek Nashville stay just a short stroll from Broadway’s neon lights. With two cozy living areas, a fully equipped kitchen, and a coffee bar to jumpstart your mornings, it’s perfect for groups. Explore nearby hotspots—tour iconic exhibits at the Country Music Hall of Fame, wander The Gulch’s festive streets and seasonal pop-ups, and enjoy Nashville’s lively bars, restaurants, and holiday-inspired events for a memorable getaway.

The space
⭐ Amenities:
- 5 minute walk to Broadway
- Walking distance to many attractions, bars, and restaurants 
- Patio with outdoor seating
- Coffee bar with seating for 4 guests
- Work station
- In-unit washer & dryer

🛋️ Living Areas:
- 2 living areas
- Smart TVs
- Cozy furnishings
- 2 Queen sleeper sofas
- Coffee table

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Fully equipped kitchen
- Fridge, dishwasher, single oven, 4-burner stove, microwave, & toaster
- Drip coffee maker with coffee
- Open counter space
- Dining area with seating for 6 guests
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom: Queen bed with a dresser and en-suite Jack-and-Jill Bathroom
- 2nd Bedroom: Queen bed with an en-suite Jack-and-Jill Bathroom
- 3rd Bedroom: Queen bed with a dresser
- 4th Bedroom: Twin-over-Queen Bunk bed
- Additional Sleeping Arrangement: Queen sleeper sofa in both living areas

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom: Jack-and-Jill with a single vanity and stand-in shower
- 2nd Bathroom: single vanity and stand-in shower
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can.

🚗 Parking:
- Private parking lot with 10 parking spots

❗️Notes to Guests & Important Details:
- This unit is located in the heart of downtown Nashville. Nashville is an energetic place, so guests may experience noises from nearby restaurants, bars, sirens and construction.

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
1 min walk: Martin's Bar-B-Que Joint
1 min walk: The Goat Sobro
2 min walk: Husk Nashville
2 min walk: Harper's
2 min walk: Batters Box
3 min walk: Bongo Java
3 min walk: Pinewood
3 min walk: City Winery Nashville
4 min walk: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
4 min walk: SOBRO
4 min walk: Music City Center
4 min walk: The Blue Room at Third Man Records
5 min walk: Johnny Cash Museum
5 min walk: Broadway
    Broadway bars such as Tootsies, The Stage, Acme, Morgan Wallen's This Bar, Category 10, Hampton Social
5 min walk: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
6 min walk: The Gulch
7 min walk: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
4 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
4 mins: Frothy Monkey
5 mins: Music Row
5 mins: RCA Studio
6 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
6 mins: Midtown
6 mins: Geodis Park
6 mins: Germantown
7 mins: Vanderbilt University
7 mins: Topgolf
7 mins: Five Points
7 mins: 12 South
7 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
7 mins: Tennessee State University
8 mins: Centennial Park
8 mins: The Parthenon
9 mins: Belmont Mansion
11 mins: McCabe Golf Course
13 mins: Nashville Zoo
21 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within two (2) hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided upon request, as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville permit issued in 2025, followed by:2025039757

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms!
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
17855 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting