URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1526271759949528547
Latitude: 36.1244
Longitude: -86.758
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Upscale comfort meets city living in this stylish townhouse ideal for families, groups, or work trips. Enjoy a modern kitchen with premium appliances, thoughtfully designed living spaces, & smart-home touches throughout. Every bedroom includes a private bath for extra privacy. Unwind by the fireplace or take in skyline views from the rooftop hot tub. Conveniently located near Cheekwood Estate, Music Row, & downtown, this retreat offers space, style, & easy access to the best of Nashville.

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.

DISCLAIMER: Our rooftop hot tubs are regularly maintained to ensure they are clean and ready for use at check-in. In the unlikely event that additional maintenance is needed during your stay, our team may need to access the rooftop through the unit’s front door. By booking this property, you acknowledge and agree to provide access when necessary.

ACCESS TYPE: 
▻ Guests will have access to the entire home.

PROPERTY LAYOUT:
FIRST FLOOR
▻ Bedroom 1: king bed, smart TV, attached private en-suite bathroom (Bathroom 1)
▻ Bathroom 1: toilet, shower, bathtub

SECOND FLOOR
▻ Living Room: smart TV, fireplace, and a pull out sofa
▻ Dining Room
▻ Half Bathroom 1: comfortable toilet space
▻ Kitchen: stove, oven, microwave, fridge, freezer, garbage disposal, Keurig coffee maker, drip coffee maker

THIRD FLOOR 
▻ Bedroom 2: 2 x bunk beds, smart TV, closet
▻ Bedroom 3: The master bedroom, with king bed, smart TV, closet, attached private en-suite bathroom
▻ Bathroom 2: toilet, shower, dual vanity
▻ Bathroom 3 (En-suit to Bedroom 3): toilet, shower, dual vanity

ROOF TOP
▻ fireplace, hot tub, grill

HIGHLIGHTS: 
▻ Roof top with fire place, Hot tub and scenic city view
▻ Spacious townhouse for groups and families
▻ Available wifi perfect for digital nomads and guests working remotely
▻ Prime location- best for work and business travelers, and guests wanna have fun!

ACCESSIBILITY: 
▻ The house has 4 floors including access to the roof top.

Guest access
PARKING:
▻ Garage parking for 2 cars. Street parking is available in front of the home or garage.

ENTERING THE HOME:
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES:
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee.
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings.
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs.
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500.
▻ NO pets allowed. Undisclosed pets will result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

By booking this property, you agree to follow all rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation.

POLICIES:
▻ Hot Tub Reminder- The hot tub is here for your enjoyment, please take good care of it and follow the rules provided. This helps us keep it clean and ready for everyone. A $500 fee may apply if guidelines aren’t followed.
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available).
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access.
▻ Late Check-Out – Late check-out is not guaranteed and requires host approval. Standard checkout applies unless approved. To guarantee a later stay, book the next night if available. Unauthorized late check-outs incurs violation fees.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ Pet Policy – NO pets allowed. Undisclosed pets will result in a $200 penalty fee to cover professional cleaning.
▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy.
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item)
▻ Cancellation - Cancellation refunds will be based on your booking's cancellation policy
▻ There are exterior cameras installed above the front doors, overlooking the hallway to the entrance. It is on and recording 24/7 to help ensure the safety of you and the property during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1659 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting