URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1692193402149489399
Latitude: 36.1473
Longitude: -86.7817
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of The Gulch at this stylish and walkable 2-bedroom, 2-bath condo. Perfect for bachelorette trips and group getaways, the space features a chic glam room for getting ready before a night out and large dining room table for meals. Enjoy quick access to Nashville’s top restaurants, bars and shopping,  plus easy freeway access. Guests have access to premium amenities including an outdoor pool, fitness center, and secure entry in a safe, modern building in the center of Nashville

The space
Stay in the heart of The Gulch at this stylish and walkable 2-bedroom, 2-bath condo. Designed with groups in mind, this modern space features a chic glam room perfect for getting ready before a night out — making it an ideal home base for bachelorette trips, girls’ weekends, and celebrations.

Enjoy easy access to Nashville’s top restaurants, bars, shopping, and live music, plus quick freeway access for exploring the city. Guests also have access to premium building amenities including a resort-style outdoor pool, fitness center, and secure entry in a safe, modern building right in the center of Nashville.

The condo offers a comfortable open-concept layout with stylish finishes, spacious bedrooms, and plenty of room to relax after a day exploring the city. Each bedroom is spacious, one has two queen beds and the other a single queen. The living room features a full pull out sofa and smart television.

The unit also features a huge dining room table perfect for hosting dinners, brunches, game nights, and group get-togethers. The fully stocked kitchen includes everything needed for baking and cooking your favorite meals during your stay. If you find you’re missing anything, just send us a message and we’ll do our best to get it to you. Enjoy the outdoor private patio, perfect for a night cap or morning coffee. 

We keep the unit well stocked with coffee, creamers, sugar, wine glasses, etc.

Whether you're heading out for brunch, rooftop cocktails, Broadway nightlife, or a concert downtown, you’ll be just minutes from all the action while still enjoying a cozy and upscale place to unwind.

Free garage parking!

Guest access
Guests will have full private access to the entire 2-bedroom, 2-bath condo during their stay, including the glam room, fully stocked kitchen, spacious living areas, and large dining space perfect for group gatherings.

In addition to the private unit, guests can also enjoy access to the building’s premium amenities, including the secure locked parking garage, resort-style outdoor pool, and fully equipped workout gym. The building offers safe and convenient entry with secure access throughout, making your stay in The Gulch both comfortable and stress-free.

Other things to note
Please note that this condo is located within a shared residential building with other privately owned units and guests. While we manage and maintain our specific unit, we do not oversee or control the entire building or neighboring residences.

If any building-related concerns arise during your stay — including noise complaints, shared amenity issues, or disturbances from other residents or guests — we will do our best to assist and communicate with the HOA and building management on your behalf. However, resolution timelines may depend on the HOA and building policies since those matters are outside of our direct control.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Porchlight Management
Host User ID: 747288404
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/747288404
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi my name is Lauren! I am the owner of Porchlight Property Management. We specialize in rentals in the Nashville market. We pride ourselves in keeping our properties well stocked, ultra- clean and easy communication.  I have been a property manager for over 10 years, and have a 4.97 Airbnb rating. Let me know if you have any questions, as I'm always happy to answer!
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Belmont University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
35 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting