URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/27926507
Latitude: 36.1272
Longitude: -86.7866
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to CoWrite. A collection of [7] 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom penthouse lofts that boast soaring ceilings, stunning finishes and a stellar location in popular 12 South.  Reach out to us directly for availability.

IMPORTANT NOTES:
- The calendar does not reflect availability of units, please message with your dates for availability. 
- Pricing varies based on available units & dates of your trip. You will be sent individual penthouse listing options based on open availability for booking.

The space
Welcome to CoWrite — where modern design meets Music City charm. Our thoughtfully curated penthouses boast soaring ceilings, stunning finishes, and a location that simply can’t be beat. Nestled in the heart of 12South and less than three miles from Broadway, these loft-style 2-bedroom, 2-bath retreats set the stage for your upscale Nashville escape.  Each penthouse offers its own distinctive style and layout, featuring plush king or double-queen bedrooms with en suite baths, in-unit laundry, and elevated design details throughout. No two are exactly alike — but each one was designed with connection, comfort, and creativity in mind.

Step outside your door to enjoy the shared courtyard with a grill, or head downstairs to grab a smoothie from E+Rose Wellness Café, tacos from Ladybird, or a free ride (where available) at Full Ride Cycle Bar.  Whether you’re here for work, play, or a little of both, CoWrite is ideal for groups of all sizes — from a cozy crew of 6 to full building buyouts that can host up to 42 guests.

HOW IT WORKS:
- Send us a quick message, and we’ll share the individual penthouse listings available for your dates so you can select your perfect spaces.

PLEASE NOTE:
- We love hosting celebrations of life’s best moments, but CoWrite is not a venue for parties, weddings, or events.
-These units are on the second story of this building, and each one is two stories, so stairs are a must here.

Permit: 
Permit: CASR 2016_followed by_071327.

Guest access
You'll have access to TWO units at Cowrite, a first come first served parking lot as well as the common area. We encourage you to visit LadyBird Taco, E+Rose, or Full Ride Cycle Studio in the building!

Other things to note
Welcome to our boutique hospitality experience, led by a close-knit team of husband-and-wife duo and their close friends. We've been making dream vacations come true since 2015 and we're thrilled to do the same for you!
We choose our properties with care, only offering places we'd love to stay in ourselves. You'll find top local spots around each location and we're always ready to suggest the best picks tailored just for you.

At Beckon Homes, your safety comes first. We provide a custom door code for each stay, so you can relax and feel completely at ease. Enjoy all the comforts of home with the added luxury of top-notch amenities, all carefully chosen for you.
Use our concierge app to make your stay seamless. Request early check-ins, late check-outs, and luggage storage, and access our digital guidebook with all the essential details about the home and nearby locations—all in one convenient place.

If you are traveling with a child and need essentials like a pack and play, high chair, etc, please inquire for a unique link to rent through Babyquip!
Got questions about our spaces or services? Reach out anytime! Our friendly 24/7 team is here to ensure you have all the information you need.

Here are a few simple reminders for your stay:
- We cherish our neighborhood and kindly ask that you treat our neighbors and properties with the same care as your own home.
- We typically do not host local residents and may ask about the purpose of your stay. We reserve the right to decline bookings if necessary.
- There is a refundable security deposit of $500 charged separately before check in for any reservations between 22 days and 6 month, and a deposit of $1,000 charged separately before check in for any reservations over 6 months.
- Guests must be at least 18 years old to book with us.
- As is standard with all of our homes, we do request additional guest verification including signing a liability agreement after booking.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Beckon Homes
Host User ID: 6675690
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6675690
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We're the crew at Beckon Homes. We're a small, family-run boutique property management company that works hard to treat our guests like our loved ones by welcoming them into homes and neighborhoods we ourselves would stay in. Our team is on 24/7/365 to ensure you have everything you need, whenever you need it. We can't wait to host you at one of our homes!
My work: making guests comfy
Most useless skill: no skill is useless!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
9906 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting