URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/10234851
Latitude: 36.1463
Longitude: -86.789
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Nashville is transitioning from summer to fall—a beautiful time to enjoy the sights and sounds of Music City. Want to feel at home while you’re here? Situated just off Music Row, this light-filled historic and updated bungalow in Edgehill Village puts you right in the heart of Nashville while giving you a comfortable place to settle in and stay awhile. Easy walk or ride share to all the areas of Nashville you'll want to explore. Great neighborhood! Accommodates 4 people only in two queen beds.

The space
Enjoy your stay in Nashville in this beautifully remodeled light and bright 2 bedroom / 2 bath bungalow.  Enjoy all the comforts of home within easy walking, driving, or cycling distance of Belmont, Midtown/Vanderbilt, Edgehill Village, The Gulch, and downtown. 

The Edgehill Bungalow accommodates four people quite comfortably in two queen beds. Linens are not provided for sleeping on other furniture in the home and should not be expected as additional sleeping space.  If you have more than four people, you can inquire about other Airbnb places that are set up to accommodate larger groups.

Master bedroom has queen bed with private bath and large closet. Bedroom #2 has queen bed with access to hall bath. Living, dining and furnished kitchen. Enjoy outside patio with living and dining areas in a fenced yard.  

You'll enjoy top quality linens on all the beds for a comfortable night's rest; fresh towels; soaps and shampoos plus make up remover wipes for your use in the baths; coffee and tea and a few kitchen staples  to get you started. 

High speed internet is provided; no cable but local stations only on TV. You'll want to spend most of your time enjoying the city

You will love this neighborhood. So close to everything whether you're driving, walking, cycling or catching an Uber or Taxi. This is our personal home and we love sharing with visitors to Nashville. You'll enjoying living like a local while enjoying all the great things we love about Music City!

Guest access
You'll have access to the entire home and yard during your stay. Parking is available on the street in front of the house and one parallel spot in the alley at the back gate . Great neighborhood for walking. Take an easy stroll through the neighborhood to Edgehill Village, to The Gulch or downtown. Lots of restaurants and shopping around and your host will direct you to all the things to do in and around Nashville during your stay.

Other things to note
Please be respectful of our neighbors by maintaining quiet hours after 10 pm. This home is for four guests only, there is a no party policy, and the home is not suitable for graduation, wedding or bachelorette parties.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Virginia
Host User ID: 6475035
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6475035
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Calling Nashville home and loving it! I'm a transplant from Texas where I operated an Airbnb. I love sharing Nashville with visitors. The beauty of Airbnb is living like a local. So come on over to my neighborhood and let me share what I love about this great city ... in-town living, yummy restaurants, great music, festivals, beautiful parks for hiking, greenways for cycling, friendly people, great churches, dogs, kids and more.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a few hours
Superhost
13 years hosting
181 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting