URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1056484196549552864
Latitude: 36.1354
Longitude: -86.7864
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your 5-Star Nashville Group HQ! 🌟

Experience Music City from this Top 10% Ranked home in trendy Edgehill! 🎸 Featuring 3 King Beds, a social chef’s kitchen, and a private 2-Car Garage 🚗, this 4BR retreat is built for large groups. Walk to 12 South and The Gulch in minutes, or take a 7-min ride to Broadway honky tonks! Safe, spacious, and impeccably designed. Service animals welcome. Your perfect Nashville adventure starts here! 🤠✨

STRP# 2021#074642

The space
Welcome to your Edgehill Modern Retreat! 🎻

Elevate your Nashville trip in this meticulously designed 4-bedroom compound. Perfectly situated in the "Goldilocks" zone of Edgehill, you are tucked away in a quiet neighborhood while being a short stroll from the city’s most trendy districts. With a unique floor-by-floor layout, this home offers the perfect balance of massive social spaces and complete private retreats for every guest.

💎 The Edgehill Advantage:

3 King Beds: A high-end rarity in Nashville rentals! We’ve prioritized sleep quality with premium King mattresses in three of our four bedrooms.

The Social Hub: The second floor is dedicated to togetherness. A massive open-concept kitchen with island seating for 5 and a dining table for 6 means nobody gets left out of the conversation.

Walkable "Triple Threat": You are centrally located between 12 South, The Gulch, and Edgehill Village. Leave the car in the garage and explore on foot!

🏡 Inside the Home:

1st Floor Privacy: A self-contained primary suite with a King bed, walk-in shower, and a large walk-in closet—ideal for those who want to avoid stairs.

2nd Floor Entertainment: The heart of the home, featuring a designer living area, dual coffee makers (Drip + Keurig), and a bright, airy vibe.

3rd Floor Squad Zone: Perfect for kids or friends, the third floor features a room that sleeps 4 with twin trundle beds and direct access to a private patio.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Coordinating a group of 12? We make your arrival safe and stress-free.

Digital Key Access: No physical keys to share. You will receive a unique, secure code generated specifically for your group.

Contactless: Arrive whenever you're ready—ideal for staggered group arrivals.

Attached 2-Car Garage: Enjoy the security of a private garage with direct entry into the home.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 12):

Bedroom 1 (1st Floor): King Bed + En-Suite Bath 👑🚿

Bedroom 2 (2nd Floor): King Bed + En-Suite Bath 👑🚿

Bedroom 3 (3rd Floor): 4 Single Beds (2 Twins + 2 Trundles) 🛌🛌🛌🛌

Bedroom 4 (3rd Floor): King Bed (Shares Jack & Jill Bath) 👑

Living Room: Comfortable Sofa for extra guests. 🛋️

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

12 South (5 min walk): Explore the best brunch in Nashville at Frothy Monkey or shop at Draper James.

The Gulch (5 min walk): Visit the famous "Wings" mural and upscale dining like Kayne Prime.

Broadway (7 min drive): A quick Uber ride to the world-famous Honky Tonks. 👢

Nissan Stadium (8 min drive): Perfect for Titans games and stadium concerts.

Local Tip: Edgehill Village is a "Hidden Gem"—walk over for a morning latte or a unique boutique find before the crowds hit downtown!

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a pet-free environment. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Guest access
We have a keyless locking system. You will gain access to the home via a house code that we create specifically for you. That code will be sent to you with your check in instructions a few weeks prior to your arrival and you may share that code with your group if you wish. YOU WON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT SHARING OR LOSING A KEY! :)

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting