URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1674156903619909406
Latitude: 36.14645994160013
Longitude: -86.8183180172719
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Spacious ground-floor condo in the heart of Midtown Nashville 🏙️. Bright, open living area with natural light ☀️ and private patio 🌿. Fully stocked kitchen with large island 🍽️—perfect for groups. Comfortably sleeps 10 🛏️. Walk to Centennial Park, BrickTop’s, coffee ☕️, and even Vanderbilt—ideal location for exploring!

The space
As soon as you walk through the door, you’ll feel it—the quality, the charm, the elevated style of this Maven Collection condo. Ample natural light flows through the space, highlighting the luxury furniture and elevated design details. 
 
🛋️ LIVING ROOM 🛋️
An open concept living and kitchen create a versatile space for your group—it’s cozy enough for a family movie night 🍿 or spacious enough for craft cocktails with your crew 🍷. It flows effortlessly into the chef’s kitchen, dining area, and patio for seamless entertaining.
• 55” Wifi TV

👩‍🍳 KITCHEN & DINING 🍽️
This kitchen was made for entertaining. Fully stocked with all the essentials and more, it’s the kind of space that makes morning coffee or a gourmet dinner feel equally fabulous...especially if prepared with one of our private chef recommendations! 
• Range
• Oven
• Refrigerator/Freezer
• Microwave
• Dishwasher
• Drip Coffee Makers
• Toaster
• Glassware & Silverware
• Pots, Pans & Cooking Utensils 
• Dining table & island seating
 
💤 SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS - 3 BEDROOMS 💤
With three hotel-inspired bedrooms, this space was crafted to be beautiful and comfortable. All bedrooms and bathrooms feature linens, towels, soaps, TVs, and light-filtering window treatments.

• Pillows, Linens, Towels and Sheets 
• Shampoo/Soaps
• Light-filtering window treatments

🛏️ Bedroom 1 - King Bedroom 
•  King Bed
•  Ensuite Bathroom 

🛏️ Bedroom 2 - Queen Bedroom
•  Hallway bath
 
🛏️ Bedroom 3 -  2x Full Beds
•  Hallway bath

🛋️ Common Spaces 🛋️
• Rollaway beds, air mattress , pack n’ play/Crib available upon request
 
🏡 Other than the already mentioned amenities, our home also comes with:
•  High-Speed Wi-Fi
•  Laundry Room with Washer/Dryer

🚙 Parking 🚙
There is free on street parking as well as off-street parking behind the home. 

THE NEIGHBORHOOD
Welcome to Midtown—where Nashville’s energy is always on 🎶 Just minutes from downtown, this lively neighborhood blends local flavor with city buzz. From late-night bites to iconic music venues, Midtown is where you go to experience Nashville after dark. Think walkable streets, great food, and a little honky-tonk spirit around every corner.

Right nearby is Vanderbilt University 🎓, bringing a vibrant, youthful feel to the area with beautiful campus grounds and SEC sports energy on game days. You’re also steps from Centennial Park 🌿—home to the full-scale Parthenon replica 🏛️—perfect for a morning walk or picnic before heading out for the night.

Midtown:
🎓 Vanderbilt University – beautiful campus & game day energy
🌿 Centennial Park – home of the Parthenon 🏛️
🍽️ BrickTop’s & The Row Kitchen & Pub – local favorites
🍹 Losers Bar & Grill – classic Midtown nightlife
☕ Coffee shops – for the morning after 

🌿 TWELVE SOUTH:
A few minutes away is charming 12 South, one of Nashville’s most beloved neighborhoods. Tree-lined streets, craftsman homes, and a walkable stretch of boutiques, coffee shops, and iconic eateries make this area a chill reprieve from the neon of Broadway. 

🍽️ Where to Eat & Sip:
• Bartaco – Coastal vibes and killer tacos with breezy patio seating.
• Josephine – Sophisticated Southern dining in a stylish, warm setting.
• Urban Grub – A local fave for upscale comfort food, raw bar, and craft cocktails.
• Ember’s Ski Lodge – Après-ski meets Southern hospitality with fun drinks and cozy vibes.
• Ladybird Taco – Casual and delicious for a quick bite or morning taco run.

☕ Coffee & Treats:
• Frothy Monkey – A Nashville staple for coffee, brunch, and people-watching.
• Five Daughters Bakery – Their 100-layer donuts are legendary—and totally worth the hype.

🛍️ Shop the Street:
• Draper James – Reese Witherspoon’s Southern-chic boutique. So photo-worthy it’s practically a landmark.
• Imogene + Willie – Iconic denim shop in a converted gas station. True Nashville cool.
• Crue & Serendipity – For feminine, curated style with a bit of glam.
• White’s Mercantile – A modern-day general store with luxe gifts, goods, and Southern charm.

From coffee dates to dinner plans, 12 South is the perfect blend of laid-back and luxe. The ideal spot to spend an afternoon strolling, shopping, and soaking up the Nashville lifestyle. ✨

🏟️ Close to All the Action 🏟️
Whether you're in town for a concert, a sports event, conference, or simply exploring, this is one of the most central and established locations in the city!

🎶 Broadway Nashville (2 miles)  – iconic honky-tonks & live music
🏒 Bridgestone Arena (2 miles) – Home of the Nashville Predators and epic concerts from the biggest names in music. Right on Broadway—grab a drink before the puck drops!
🥂 The Gulch (2 miles)
🌿 Twelve South (3 miles)
🏈 Nissan Stadium (15 min) – Catch a Titans game, a major music fest, or Nashville SC matches in this iconic riverfront stadium.
⚽ Geodis Park (10 min) – The brand-new, state-of-the-art home of Nashville SC, and the largest soccer-specific stadium in the U.S.
⚾ First Horizon Park (10 min) – Home to the Nashville Sounds (our beloved minor league baseball team) with great seats, skyline views, and a family-friendly vibe.
✈️ BNA Airport (~20 mins)

Guest access
This house is exclusively yours for the duration of your stay, so relax, unwind, and make yourself at home! A door code is all you'll need to get in!

Other things to note
✧ UNIQUE DOOR CODES✧
At Maven, we take your privacy and security seriously. Each reservation is issued a unique door code for your stay.

✧ NO SHARED SPACES ✧
The home is exclusively yours for the duration of your stay!

✧ NO SMOKING ✧
This is a non-smoking house, so we kindly ask all our guests to refrain from smoking on the premises.
 
✧ GUEST VERIFICATION ✧
Local regulations require us to verify your identity prior to check in. We do this with a simple check in form where you input a government issued ID. Don’t worry, your information is encrypted and always stored securely.
 
✧ NO LOCAL RESERVATIONS ✧
Local reservations are only accepted with prior notice and approval.
 
✧ ACCIDENTAL DAMAGE INSURANCE ✧
Things happen…so every reservation is covered by our accidental damage insurance policy at no additional charge! 
 
✧ SANITIZATION & CLEANING✧
We ALWAYS treat our home like a high-end hotel with dedicated cleaning staff and quality assurance checks because cleanliness is so important to a great stay! With the addition of COVID-19, the heath, safety, and wellbeing of our guests are even more in the spotlight. For these reasons, we use strict disinfection protocol after every stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Ashley
Host User ID: 269786762
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/269786762
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville Native - Realtor - Animal Lover

Born and raised in Nashville, and a Realtor since 2009, I have witnessed firsthand the transformation of our quaint country town to the nationally sought-after destination it is today. 

Maven Destinations is my passion project to share intimate local insight, genuine hospitality, and a curated portfolio of homes...in what I consider one of the best cities in the world...with you! I hope you'll join us!
Born in the 80s
My work: Real Estate Agent
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1219 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting