URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1498989052470474182
Latitude: 36.1735
Longitude: -86.7806
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stylish 2BR/2BA waterfront condo in the heart of Nashville! Sleeps 8 with stunning Cumberland River views from a private patio. Features a cozy fireplace, 'Music City' mural, and access to a pool & gym. Perfectly located just a 1-mile walk from the legendary honky-tonks of Broadway. Your ideal home base for exploring Music City! Pets are allowed, please add your pet during the reservation process. A $100 pet fee is  required, for additional cleaning and maintenance of pet areas on the complex.

The space
Enjoy a stylish waterfront experience in the heart of Music City! This newly renovated, two-bedroom, two-bathroom condo is your perfect Nashville home base, complete with a private patio overlooking the scenic Cumberland River.

Inside, the space is designed for your comfort and convenience. The living room invites you to relax with its cozy indoor fireplace and a vibrant 'Nashville Music City' mural, setting the perfect tone for your stay. Large windows offer beautiful river views, filling the space with natural light.

This condo comfortably sleeps up to 8 guests:
   Bedroom 1: One Queen Bed & one Twin daybed
   Bedroom 2: One Queen Bed & one Twin Bed
   Living Room: One Queen Sleeper Sofa

For larger groups of up to 16, please inquire about our other condo located just a few doors down to keep everyone together!

Your stay includes:
   Free WiFi
   Flat-screen TVs in the living room & bedrooms
   A fully equipped kitchen with a Keurig coffeemaker (coffee included)
   Dining table with seating for 4
   Fresh bed linens, plush towels, and toiletries
Central air-conditioning and heat

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the entire condo via a simple keyless entry system; you'll receive a unique code before you arrive. You will also have full access to the fantastic community amenities:

   Free Parking: Enjoy complimentary parking for one vehicle directly at the complex.
   Waterfront Pool: Take a dip in the beautiful community pool overlooking the Cumberland River. Pool towels and chaise lounges are provided. (Note: The pool is open seasonally from May to September and can close at any time at the discretion of building management).
   Community Gym: Stay active in the on-site fitness center, located at the front of the complex.
   Laundry Facility: An app-based laundry facility is available on-site. We provide the laundry detergent for your convenience.

A key card for accessing the pool, gym, and laundry is provided inside the condo.

Other things to note
Cleaning Standards: We pride ourselves on providing a thoroughly clean home. If anything is not up to your standard upon arrival, please contact us immediately so we can make it right.
   Early Check-in & Late Check-out: Our properties are often booked back-to-back. If you anticipate needing an early check-in or late check-out, we strongly recommend booking an additional night to guarantee availability. We cannot confirm early arrival or late departure until the day before your stay.
   Reservation Holds: Our booking is first-come, first-served. We are unable to hold reservations.
   Security: For your safety and the security of the property, exterior security cameras are located on the premises.
   Cancellation Policy: Please review our cancellation policy carefully.
       100% Refund: For cancellations made within 48 hours of booking, as long as the check-in date is at least 14 days away.
       50% Refund: For cancellations made more than 7 days before the check-in date.
       No Refund: For cancellations made within 7 days of the check-in date.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Rebecca
Host User ID: 83323910
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/83323910
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a Nashville Native! I am more than happy to help with suggestions about places to see, restaurants to visit and much more! Just let me know and I will let you know my personal favorites in Nashville!
Born in the 60s
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
205 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting