URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1366181769488276269
Latitude: 36.19433349739877
Longitude: -86.7754362925917
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 14
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Cityscape & Skyline Sanctuary, where modern luxury meets the breathtaking beauty of Nashville’s cityscape! This listing is for TWO SIDE-BY-SIDE homes, offering the perfect retreat for large groups of up to 24 looking to celebrate in style.

The space
🏡 Step into this stunning 8-bedroom, 8-bathroom home, designed to accommodate your group getaway, reunion, or special occasion. Whether you're here to soak in the energy of Music City or relax with panoramic skyline views, Cityscape & Skyline Sanctuary provides the ideal blend of comfort, elegance, and convenience—all just moments from Nashville’s top attractions.

❓ Why Us?
If you're seeking a luxurious space with a view to match, look no further. We're Stay Minty, dedicated to providing an exceptional stay that blends the comforts of home with the excitement of Nashville. Welcome to your party paradise!

👯‍♀️ Stay Together:
These two side-by-side homes hold up to 24! Cityscape & Skyline Sanctuary offers a spacious, thoughtfully designed layout spread across three levels. The fully equipped kitchen and dining areas are perfect for group meals, while the bedrooms offer ultimate comfort and privacy. With space for up to 24 guests, this home is ideal for bachelorette parties, milestone celebrations, or any group looking to indulge in luxury living.

🧼 Stay Fresh:
Arrive at a home that’s been carefully cleaned and prepped for your arrival, where fresh linens, plush towels, and stylish décor set the tone for a relaxing and celebratory stay. Every detail has been carefully thought out to make your time here feel like a true retreat.

📶 Stay Connected:
Immerse yourself in the heart of Nashville with unbeatable views from your rooftop deck. The Skyline Escape offers easy access to downtown Nashville, music venues, nightlife, and all the iconic hotspots that make this city legendary.

🔥 Stay Wild:
This home is all about bringing people together. The expansive rooftop deck is where the magic happens, featuring a fire pit, hot tub, BBQ, and plenty of seating to gather around and enjoy the city skyline. Whether you're cooking dinner, soaking in the hot tub, or just enjoying the view with a drink in hand, this space is perfect for making lasting memories with your crew.

🛌 Bedrooms:
Cityscape & Skyline Sanctuary boasts eight bedrooms, each designed with luxury and comfort in mind. After a day of exploring Nashville, retreat to these inviting spaces for a restful night.

SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS:

🏡 House 1 - Skyline:

First Floor:
• King Suite: 1 King bed with en suite bathroom. This room is located next to the garage.

Second Floor:
• Open living and dining areas plus a fully equipped kitchen

Living room
• Queen Sofa Sleeper

Third Floor:
• Bedroom 2: 2 queen beds with ensuite bath
• Bedroom 3: 1 king bed with shared bath
• Bedroom 4: 1 queen bed with shared bath

Rooftop:
• Amazing Views, Hot tub, fire pit, BBQ, and plenty of seating for 12

🏡 House 2 - Cityscape:

First Floor:
• Bedroom 4: 1 King Bed with ensuite bathroom (1 bed).
  • Please note this bedroom is on the bottom floor next to the garage.

Second Floor:
• Open living and dining areas plus a fully equipped kitchen

Third Floor:
• Bedroom 1: 2 queen beds with ensuite bathroom (2 total beds)
• Bedroom 2: 2 Full Queen Over Queen Bunk Beds with shared bath (4 total beds)
• Bedroom 3: 1 Full Queen Over Queen Bunk Bed with shared bath (2 total beds)

Rooftop:
• Amazing Views, Hot tub, fire pit, BBQ, and plenty of seating for 12

TOTAL: 8 Bedrooms | 14 Beds | Sleeps 24

🚿 Bathrooms:
Each level of The Skyline Escape is equipped with beautifully designed bathrooms. Whether you're unwinding in the hot tub on the rooftop or prepping for a night out, the bathrooms provide the perfect touch of luxury and style.

🌟 Impressive Features:
• Spacious open-concept living and dining areas
• Fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances
• Rooftop deck with fire pit, hot tub, BBQ, and seating areas
• Sleeps up to 24 guests comfortably
• Two-car garage for your convenience
• Breathtaking city views from multiple floors

📍 Location, Location, Location!
Cityscape & Skyline Sanctuary is just a short drive from Nashville’s vibrant downtown scene, with world-class restaurants, music venues, and nightlife just waiting to be explored. Whether you’re looking to catch a live show or enjoy a delicious meal, you're just minutes away from the best of what Music City has to offer.

🛋 When you're ready to unwind, return to your private luxury retreat and enjoy the views and amenities that make Cityscape & Skyline Sanctuary the perfect home base for your Nashville adventure!

🧴 Every Home, Every Time
In a Stay Minty home, you’ll always find our bathrooms stocked with everything you need to get squeaky clean including shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. Our kitchens have all the essentials needed to prepare your favorite meal. Get your caffeine fix each morning with Keurig coffee pods included with every stay. We’ve even got your TV entertainment covered with hundreds of streaming options to choose from. Stay Minty homes are immaculate and well maintained by professionals who clean between every guest using the highest standards in the industry.

📦 Supply Starter Kit
No one wants to have to worry about getting to the store after traveling all day! That’s why we provide a supply starter kit – to get you through the first day or two of your stay.
The kit includes a roll of paper towels, dish sponge, two dishwasher pods, five trash bags, dishwashing liquid, all-purpose cleaner, a small selection of coffee pods, hand soap, shampoo, conditioner, body wash and two rolls of toilet paper in each bathroom.

💌 ★Our Promise★
At Stay Minty, we’re a dedicated and small (yet mighty) team on a mission to bring more passion and joy into the world through shared experiences. And great news for you, we both have the same goal: for your stay to be nothing short of perfect. With that said, sometimes the unexpected happens. Our homes are houses, no different than yours. Maybe ours are a little cooler, but that’s why you’re here. If anything comes up, we promise to spring into action faster than Taylor Swift after a break-up and do everything we can to resolve it… and then maybe write a hit album about it. I mean, we are from “Music City, USA”.

📞 If you have any issues or are unhappy with your stay, be sure to call, text, or email us like a good friend so we can get your stay back to minty fresh.

💚 We look forward to you booking our home and hosting your stay!!

xoxo,
Stay Minty!

Note: For safety and security, our property is equipped with exterior-only cameras located at the front entrance and driveway. These devices monitor the property perimeter and do not record any interior areas. There are no cameras inside the home.

Other things to note
MINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENTS:
The primary renter must be at least 25 years old. Exceptions are made on a case-by-case basis. Contact us for details prior to booking.

**Guests aged 21 - 24 are eligible to book if these guests pay a $750 refundable deposit or provide proof of damage insurance. 
**We do not accept bookings from guests within a 50-mile radius.

OPTIONAL FEES:
The following fees are paid in addition to and after the reservation is paid for.

- $249 / pet, pet fee (only valid on properties that allow pets. Pets cannot be left unattended which applies to ADA and service animals as well)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Stay Minty
Host User ID: 385395880
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/385395880
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
6 years hosting
317 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting