URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1034912940468069111
Latitude: 36.1575
Longitude: -86.6794
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Our 4-bed, 3-bath gem is just 10 mins from Broadway and near the airport. Enjoy lush private yards, a hot tub, a pergola with fire pit, and room for 10—plus a downstairs suite with its own living area and laundry!

This house is a slice of our family's Nashville dream and we'd be thrilled to share it with you. So why wait? Come on over, and let's make some unforgettable memories in Music City!

Guest access
You will receive detailed check-in instructions prior to your arrival which include your private access code that works during your stay with us as well as all of the details about the house and area that we thought might help enhance your stay!  We will also send you a custom guidebook for your stay.

Smart locks with private access codes make entering and securing the property a breeze!  If you need anything, please don't hesitate to reach out to us for a quick response!

To finalize the booking, guests must sign a rental agreement and schedule a fully refundable security deposit of three hundred and fifty dollars.  This is scheduled to run 1 day prior to a guest's stay and is set to automatically release after each stay.

If you have any questions or issues during your stay, you can always feel free to message us for a very quick response.

Other things to note
Welcome to our charming 4-bedroom, 3-bathroom haven, a stone's throw from the airport and mere minutes from the vibrant heart of Broadway downtown. This isn't just a house; it's a slice of Nashville paradise that we're thrilled to share with fellow travelers like you.

Space and Privacy:
Step into your private oasis where you'll find ample front and backyards, perfect for savoring the Nashville sunsets or catching a few rays with your morning coffee. It's your little sanctuary, right in Music City.

Relaxation Awaits:
Your escape wouldn't be complete without some pampering. Slip into the bubbling hot tub nestled on the back deck – the ideal spot to unwind after a day of exploring. As evening descends, the pergola beckons, complete with a gas fire pit that creates the coziest atmosphere. It's where stories are shared, deer can be watched, memories are made, and marshmallows are toasted.

Space for Everyone:
Our house comfortably sleeps up to 10 guests, including a convenient pull-out couch in the downstairs living ro. Speaking of downstairs, it's almost like a private master suite all its own, offering separate access, a full bathroom with a spacious shower, and its very own living room. This space is perfect for those who crave a little extra solitude or room to spread out.

Modern Amenities:
Laundry facilities on the bottom floor ensures that you can pack light and stay fresh throughout your visit. The house also has dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, ice maker, microwave, smart TV's, and more!  Convenience is key, and we've got you covered.

As a family, we cherish this home, and we want you to experience it just as we do – with warmth, comfort, and an unmistakable sense of belonging. It's not just a house; it's the heart of your Nashville adventure.

Book your stay now, and let the rhythm of Music City sweep you off your feet. We can't wait to welcome you!

Registration Details
2025056510

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Arrive And Thrive
Host User ID: 266992504
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/266992504
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
At Arrive and Thrive, we believe where you stay should be as memorable as your destination. We specialize in historic, architecturally significant, and one-of-a-kind properties, blending timeless charm with modern comfort. Whether it's a restored Victorian mansion or a boutique inn, our spaces offer more than just a stay—they’re part of the experience. Book with us and discover a stay that’s unique, inspiring, and unforgettable.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Small Island, Big Education - Jersey
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
2303 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting