URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1779860846863190463
Latitude: 36.1529
Longitude: -86.8052
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in style at this mid-century, thoughtfully designed and modern Nashville retreat, just a 5–7 minute Uber ride to Broadway, Nissan Stadium, and downtown attractions. This 1-bedroom apartment sleeps 4 with a king bed and sleeper sofa. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, fast Wi-Fi, free parking, resort-style pool, fitness center, and pool table. Located in a vibrant, walkable neighborhood, it's the perfect home base for concerts, game days, weekend getaways, and exploring Music City.

The space
Welcome to your Mid-Century Modern Nashville retreat—a stylish, thoughtfully designed space that blends timeless design with modern comfort ✨. Clean lines, warm wood tones, and curated décor create a bright and inviting atmosphere from the moment you arrive.

This one-bedroom apartment comfortably sleeps up to four guests, featuring a king bedroom and additional sleeping accommodations in the living area. Perfect for couples, friends, business travelers, or small groups exploring Music City 🎶.

Relax in the cozy living space 🛋️, prepare meals in the fully equipped kitchen 🍳, or unwind after a day of sightseeing and live music. Large windows fill the apartment with natural light ☀️, highlighting the unique mid-century design details throughout.

Located just minutes from Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, and Nashville's best restaurants, bars, and entertainment, you'll enjoy convenient access to everything the city has to offer while having a comfortable retreat to return to at the end of the day 🌆.

✨ Amenities You'll Enjoy

🛏️ King bedroom + additional sleeping space for guests
🛋️ Stylish mid-century modern living area
🍳 Fully equipped kitchen
⚡ High-speed Wi-Fi
📺 Smart TV for streaming
❄️ Central heating & air conditioning
☕ Coffee maker and essentials
🏊 Resort-style swimming pool
💪 Fitness center
🎱 Game room with pool table
🚗 Free on-site parking
🔒 Secure building with easy self check-in

Guest Access

Guests have access to the entire apartment as well as shared community amenities, including the lobby, courtyard, game room, swimming pool, and fitness center. Please make yourself at home and enjoy these spaces throughout your stay.

The pool is located on the second floor and requires the provided key fob for entry. Trash chutes are conveniently located at the end of each hallway.

Other Things to Note

💛 We want you to feel right at home during your stay. I strive to provide prompt communication and an exceptional guest experience and am available through the Airbnb app, text, or phone if you need assistance. Need recommendations? Let us know! We can provide you with where the locals go and the best don't-miss attractions for your visit! 

Please note that community amenities are owned and managed by the apartment complex and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance, repairs, weather, or circumstances beyond our control. No refunds or discounts will be provided for temporary closures or restricted access to shared amenities.

To ensure a great experience for all residents and guests, please be respectful of neighbors, follow community rules, and observe quiet hours.

We look forward to hosting you and helping make your Nashville stay memorable! ✨

Guest access
Guests have full access to their unit as well as common spaces that include pool, fitness center, relaxation common area, pool tables, and more!

Other things to note
• Self check-in instructions will be provided prior to arrival.

• This is a residential community. Please be respectful of neighbors and observe quiet hours.

• No parties, events, or unregistered guests are permitted.

• Free on-site parking is available for registered guests.

• The pool, fitness center, and other community amenities are subject to availability and occasional maintenance closures beyond the host's control.

• Nashville is a growing and vibrant city. As with many urban areas, you may occasionally experience normal city sounds.

• Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, and many of Nashville's most popular attractions are just a short 5–7 minute rideshare trip away.

• We want every guest to have a fantastic stay. If anything isn't perfect, please reach out during your visit so we have the opportunity to make it right.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Michelle
Host User ID: 386297373
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/386297373
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Michelle: mom of three kiddos and two goldendoodles, business owner and entrepreneur, and travel enthusiast!
My work: Self-Employed
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
120 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting