URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1051592667814517690
Latitude: 36.1515
Longitude: -86.7782
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Honky Tonk Hideaway, the ultimate Nashville retreat! This stunning space offers everything needed for an unforgettable stay: walking distance to Broadway (just .7 miles)/major attractions, stylish Insta-worthy decor, and a building packed with amenities. Enjoy an outdoor pool with cabanas, courtyard with a grill/ping pong table, and a state-of-the-art gym with Peloton equipment. Relax on your balcony with prime pool views, and take advantage of the washer/dryer and self-check-in.

The space
This one-bedroom condo features a king bed and a queen sleeper sofa, accommodating up to four guests. The fully equipped kitchen includes all the essentials, plus a stocked Keurig coffee bar to kickstart your mornings. Both the living room and bedroom are outfitted with Smart TVs featuring standard cable, so you can relax and stay connected to your favorite shows.

What truly sets this vacation rental apart is its unbeatable location. Enjoy the convenience of being within walking distance to some of Nashville's most popular attractions: • City Winery • Bad Axe Throwing • Third Man Records & The Blue Room • Party Bus & Pedal Tavern pick-ups • Yee-Haw Brewery • Ole Smoky Distillery • Tennessee Brew Works • Music City Center • Country Music Hall of Fame • Bridgestone Arena • Upper Broadway hotspots like Tootsie’s, The Stage, and Assembly Food Hall • Lower Broadway favorites like Jason Aldean’s, Luke Bryan’s, Kid Rock’s, and Ole Red • Ryman Auditorium

A short Uber ride will take you to even more Nashville landmarks, including Nissan Stadium, the Grand Ole Opry, and Opry Mills Outlet Mall.

When you step into The Honky Tonk Hideaway, you’ll be greeted by a custom Broadway mural, neon touches, and décor inspired by Nashville's vibrant music scene. Unwind on the private balcony overlooking the pool, or explore the amazing building amenities designed for your enjoyment.

Guest access includes the entire unit (except the owner’s supply closet) and all building amenities. Parking options include a free owner/guest garage, free street parking, and a paid lower-level garage with elevator access directly to your condo floor.

Additional In-Unit Conveniences:
• Washer and dryer with detergent provided
• Keurig coffee maker and k-cups
• Fully equipped kitchen (cooking oil not provided)
• Shampoo, conditioner, and body wash
• Hairdryer, iron, and ironing board
• Walk-in closet with extra bedding
• On-site security

Location highlights: The condo is just a 15-minute walk to the Honky Tonks on Broadway, where you can immerse yourself in live music and nightlife. You’re also surrounded by some of Nashville’s best restaurants, breweries, and entertainment venues. From this central spot, you can explore East Nashville’s eclectic vibe, the historic sights downtown, or the bustling energy of Broadway—all just a stroll or short ride away.
​​
If you are parking a car during your stay, you will have 3 options:
-Owner/Guest Garage - this is a FREE first come, first serve garage that requires the Door app for access. You will receive Door access about 3 days prior to arrival. EV Chargers available. 
-Street Parking - this is FREE first come, first serve parallel street parking
-Lower-Level Garage - this is a paid public parking garage that has direct elevator access right to your condo floor. Discounted pricing is available for people staying at one of our condos.

Please note:
- This is a condo located in downtown Nashville. As pictured, this development sits near train tracks. We have provided a white noise machine and ear plugs for your convenience. As Nashville continues to grow, nearby construction is common and may be present during your stay. If you are sensitive to noise, this may not be the best location for your stay. Like any urban location, the presence of unhoused individuals may be experienced.
- Arriving ahead of check in time? The Hyve offers complimentary luggage storage! Please check with us for hours.
- All common areas and amenities like the pool, cabanas, gym, workspace lounge, lobby, etc. are managed by the building. We do not have control over the working conditions of equipment, maintenance, or availability.
- The pool will be closed during the winter and reopens March-October seasonally.

Guest Access/Building Amenities:
Guests will have access to the entire unit, with the exception of the owner’s supply closet. Enjoy the heated outdoor pool with cabanas, which is open from March through October between 7 a.m. and 10 p.m. Additional shared amenities in the courtyard include an outdoor gas grill and kitchen area, a ping pong table located outside by the pool deck, plenty of outdoor seating, and fire pits. Inside, there's a state-of-the-art gym featuring Peloton equipment. Working during your visit? Ample space in the workspace and community lounge,  which features a TV, vending machine, couches, and tables, ideal for casual meetings or remote work. On-site security provides added peace of mind throughout your stay. 

Ask us about exclusive perks for Hyve guests! When you stay at Hyve, you get access to exclusive discounts on some of Nashville’s best experiences, all right within the building or just steps away. Rotating seasonal offers and new partnerships throughout the year.

We would love the opportunity to host you and share the best of Nashville. Whether you're here for the music, food, or nightlife, The Honky Tonk Hideaway is your perfect retreat in the city!

Presented by Injoy Nashville: Experience Your Stay, Design by Injoy Vacations

Guest access
DOOR APP

Registration Details
2023098440

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: InJoy Vacations
Host User ID: 425884247
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/425884247
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
InJoy Vacations proudly offers a selection of high-quality condo rentals in Panama City Beach, FL & Nashville, TN. We are a locally owned and operated business, and we love to share our community with owners and guests. Our goal is to provide exceptional vacation experiences to visitors, and we’ve perfected our craft. Many of our guests choose to return year after year.
My work: InJoy Vacations
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
4505 reviews
4.73 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting