URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1590109143308964284
Latitude: 36.145763705823896
Longitude: -86.7858196168955
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 14
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Some Nashville trips become stories you tell for years. The Wilder by Elevay & Co. is where those stories begin, from coffee around the kitchen island to one last drink around your private rooftop fire with the Nashville skyline glowing behind you. Walk to the Gulch. Be on Broadway in minutes. Then come home to a space completely redesigned in August 2026 with real personality, room for everyone, and a rooftop you may have a hard time leaving.

The space
The best Nashville trips have a rhythm to them.

Slow mornings over coffee. Everyone getting ready together while music plays through the house. A quick walk to grab brunch in the Gulch. A full night on Broadway. Then coming home, heading straight to the rooftop, lighting the fire, and realizing nobody is quite ready for the night to end.

That’s the experience we wanted The Wilder by Elevay & Co. to create.

This isn’t a house where we tried to squeeze as many beds as possible between four walls. We wanted a home that actually feels good when your favorite people are under the same roof.

And in August 2026, we completely designed it with a reimagined luxe design throughout the entire home.

The Wilder’s new design pulls inspiration from Nashville without feeling like every other Nashville rental. Rich leather, deep greens, warm woods, brass accents, cowhide, bold patterns, custom artwork, and unexpected details give the home a personality you notice the moment you walk inside.

It feels fun enough for the trip you came here to have, but comfortable enough that you’ll actually want to spend time at home.

And that matters, because some of your favorite moments might happen right here.

The main living level is where mornings start and everyone naturally ends up between plans. Sink into the new living room furniture while someone makes another round of coffee, grab a seat around the kitchen island, or spread out without losing that feeling of being together.

☕ YOUR OWN MORNING COFFEE BAR

Broadway nights and early Nashville mornings don’t always agree with each other.

Your dedicated coffee bar includes both drip and Keurig options along with creamers, sugar, and the fixings for your morning cup. Grab one before everyone wakes up or make a second while the group figures out where brunch is happening.

Then, when Nashville starts turning gold, there’s only one place to be.

🌇 YOUR PRIVATE ROOFTOP

This is the part of The Wilder we think you’ll talk about most. Head upstairs and the Nashville skyline opens up in front of you.

The rooftop is completely private to your group and was made even better during our August 2026 upgrades with a new pergola and new outdoor seating.

There’s a natural gas fire pit, grill, outdoor dining space, lounge seating, and plenty of room to settle in with everyone you came to Nashville with.

Come up for coffee when the city is quiet. Catch golden hour before dinner. Grill out one evening. Or pour one last drink after Broadway, turn on the fire, and watch the skyline while everyone replays the night.

It’s the kind of rooftop that makes “let’s head back to the house” sound like a good idea.

🛏️ BUILT FOR THE WHOLE GROUP

The Wilder accommodates large groups across 4 bedrooms, 4 full bathrooms, and 13 beds.

More importantly, the layout was designed so being together doesn’t mean being on top of each other.

There are spaces to gather when everyone wants to hang out and separate bedrooms when you’re ready to recharge. Each bedroom also has a bathroom, so 12 people getting ready for Broadway doesn’t have to feel like 12 people getting ready for Broadway.

Sleeping arrangements:
Level 1, garage level:
Bedroom 1: Queen bed + Full trundle
Built in Full bunks near the stairs

Level 2, main living level:
Bedroom 2: 2 Queen/ 2Twin beds (bunks)
Living room, kitchen, dining area + coffee bar

Level 3:
Bedroom 3: King Suite + Twin trundle
Bedroom 4: 2 Queen beds + Twin daybed
Laundry

4 full bathrooms mean less waiting, more privacy, and a much easier start to the night.

📍 CLOSE TO EVERYTHING, WITHOUT SLEEPING IN THE CHAOS

Location can completely change a Nashville weekend.

At The Wilder, you’re walkable to the Gulch, 12 South, and Edgehill, where you can start the morning with coffee, grab brunch, meet for drinks, or wander into dinner without making every outing a production.

And when you want the neon lights, live music, and honky tonks, Broadway is only minutes away. A quick walk, uber, or scooter gets you into the middle of the action, then you get to come home to your own space when you’ve had enough.

You’ll be approximately:
👟 Walkable to the Gulch + Edgehill
🛍️ 5 min to 12 South
🎶 5 min to Broadway + Downtown
🏈 9 min to Titans Stadium + TopGolf
✈️ 14 min to BNA Airport
🎸 20 min to Grand Ole Opry

You’re also near neighborhood favorites like Sunda, Osa Coffee Roasters, Sushi San, LalaLand Coffee, Barcelona Wine Bar, L.A. Jackson, Golden Sound, Biscuit Love Gulch, and plenty more.

You’re close enough to experience the Nashville you came for, but removed enough to come home and actually relax.

🚗 PARKING MADE EASY
You’ll have 2 parking spots in the attached garage plus free street parking directly in front of the home. It’s well lit, easy to access, and one less thing for your group to coordinate when everyone arrives.

WE DO NOT RENT TO LOCALS; IF YOU ARE A LOCAL PLEASE INQUIRE.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge, kitchen, living area, bedrooms, and bathrooms.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

STRP#2021055660

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting