URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/10909635
Latitude: 36.1634
Longitude: -86.7783
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Elvis Features:
* 2 bedrooms, 1 king bed; 1 queen bed
* Sleeps 6
* 1 sectional sleeper sofa in living room (queen size, sleeps 2)
* 2 full bathrooms
* Free Toiletries - shampoo, conditioner, body soap
* ​​​​​​​Hair dryer
* Full kitchen & laundry room
* Standard coffee maker (we do not provide coffee)  Starbucks right next door!
* Livingroom - Roku 50 inch tv with streaming (log into your netflix, hulu etc accounts)
* 2 stories 
* walking distance to everything to downtown

The space
SUPER IMPORTANT: Please ensure that you have Airbnb notifications TURNED ON. Otherwise you will miss out on all updates on your reservation from us which could cause a delay in your check in.  

The Elvis Loft is a beautiful premium loft named after the great King of Rock ’n Roll himself! Stay in Music City like a rockstar with a loft full of windows overlooking 4th Ave N in downtown Nashville, just footsteps from the best of Music City. From the windows, you can even see where Elvis famously performed - The Ryman Auditorium!  
 
Convenient double-access allows entry from the master bedroom and the common area into this loft. A queen-sized bed sits in the open concept top level of this two-story loft with a private bathroom. Enjoy a king-sized bed in the master bedroom on the first floor, with privacy doors between the shower and sink area in the bathroom. The living room is furnished with a queen-sized sleeper sofa that sleeps 2.

This unique #TeamMCL loft features exposed brick, hardwood floors, steel beams, high ceilings, bedroom walls do not reach the ceiling and exposed duct work for a true ''loft vibe' (review property photos in full detail in this regard). Outfitted in black and red, mixing retro glitz with rough chrome and metal accents, we think The King himself would be impressed! 

Why cram into a hotel for your vacation when you can sprawl out in this roomy loft designed just for guests like you? Say yes to this authentic Nashville home-away-from-home.  

#TeamMCL Insider Scoop: Elvis Presley recorded over 200 songs in Nashville’s own Studio B. He was ALSO a natural blonde. *gasp* We know!

Check out our other unique, story-rich listings for your family and group! 

* Furnishings and artwork are subject to change.  Guests are subject to $500 fine for moving furniture

What we offer:
* More space than a hotel
* Better location than a house in the suburbs
* 1200+ Five-Star Reviews among all of our properties!
* Each loft is uniquely decorated including art from Nashville artists
* Variety of lofts to choose from that accommodate 1-10 people
* Enjoy all the comforts of home in a PERFECT location, walking distance to all of downtown Nashville’s best sights and sounds including bars, restaurants, concerts, sporting events and conferences.
* Personalized recommendations from #TeamMCL, to help you get the most out of your visit!

Guest access
Our building was originally built in the 1800s and was the flagship location of the Ambrose Printing Co.  We're excited to share with you a beautifully renovated property while keeping with its historic charm of exposed beams, brick and high ceilings.  This building does not have a gym (QNTM gym is walking distance from the lofts), pool nor roof deck.

Other things to note
We proudly own and manage 18 lofts in Downtown Nashville. Our 1 and 2 bedroom lofts are located in the same building, while our 3 bedroom lofts are just a short 2-block walk away. Guest Guidebooks and ​our other available properties:  https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/54294225 

All booked guests will receive access to our detailed digital guidebook providing our recommendations on music venues, local eats (breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner and high end dinners), honky tonks, roof top bars, local retail stores and much more!​​​​​​​

We require a digitally completed and signed rental agreement to be completed prior to arrival and before check in details can be sent along with the name and email address of each guest staying in the property. 

Standard check in time is 3 pm CST and check out is before 10 am CST. We offer an early check in of 1 pm CST and a late check out of 12 pm CST for a $​100 fee per time adjustment based on availability. All adjustments must be requested one week prior to check in date. We do NOT have a front desk, office or storage room for storing luggage prior to check in or after check out.

LUGGAGE STORAGE: If early check in or late check out is all booked up, not to worry!  MCL has partnered with Store and Snore Nashville to provide our guests with safe luggage storage.   Our direct contact information for luggage storage is provided to all booked guests. PS they also offer to stock the refrigerator as well as ride shares to get you to and from the airport!​ 

PARKING:
We do NOT offer parking with our reservations.  OUR LOCATION IS SO GOOD YOU WON'T NEED A CAR!  Daily parking is available near the loft starting around $30 daily rate (midnight to midnight), subject to higher rates for Special Events taking place in the downtown area. There is a PARKING GARAGE CONVENIENTLY LOCATED next door to our building.  One Nashville Place is the name of the garage if you wish to reach out to them directly for rates or more information.​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ ​​​​​​​

LINENS & SUCH
The ​property includes a full kitchen, linens and towels, free WIFI and TV for streaming your favorite TV shows and movies. Conveniently located around the corner from Walgreens, Metropolitan Wines and ​S​avi Urban Market to pick up any items you might need during your stay. PLUS walking distance to plenty of great restaurants.

3 night minimum requirement on Thursday - Sunday dates unless otherwise noted.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Music City Loft
Host User ID: 54294225
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/54294225
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey y'all! My name is Dani Dubetz and I created my short-term rental business in 2012. 

Prior to moving to Nashville, I played volleyball for Florida International University and later worked as a news reporter for WPTV in West Palm Beach. I learned telling a sad story every day wasn't really 'my thing.' 

I moved to Nashville, like many, in pursuit of a music career, working as a beverage cart girl at a golf club, waitressing and coaching volleyball. As humbling as it was to go from being on TV to paying my rent in $1 bills, I didn't regret my decision.

Unfortunately, I quickly realized that the talent in Music City was far beyond any I'd come across in South Florida and surely, more than I was capable of as a self-professed Karaoke Queen and front woman of my Florida cover band!

From 2009-2012 I bounced between jobs in search of my purpose, a career that would allow me to utilize my talents, gifts and creativity and make a positive impact. My mother was a successful 'house-flipper' in our small town, Lanexa, Virginia. She was gracious enough to teach me her business, in loving support to help me keep my head above water! I flipped one or two houses a year but was never quite successful enough where I didn't need a day job. In 2010 I went against my mother's advice and purchased a loft in downtown Nashville, intending to flip it. 

In my 27 year old mind, sleeping on an air mattress in an empty loft, spending my free time listening to music in the bars just two blocks away was a pretty sweet gig. I was naive and ignorant to the fact that… it was 2010! Downtown properties were foreclosing faster than they were being purchased. My brilliant idea turned into my first failed flip. Between that and getting fired from a few jobs, my confidence was completely wrecked. 

My mom helped me furnish the loft, thinking staging the property would help it sell. Meanwhile, an acquaintance mentioned she'd listed her house on a web site and was renting it out nightly. As all of my personal belongings were packed up to move back home, tail between my legs and head low in utter defeat and self-loathing, my mom convinced me to use the last available funds on my credit card to list the loft online and, 'You never know. Maybe if you get a reservation you can get by for a little longer until you find your next job?'

In hindsight, I realize I actually failed my way forward. As I still kept finding jobs that would call me back to Nashville, but less optimistic that any of them would stick, I practically lived out of my car. When my loft was rented, I slept on friends' couches. If my loft was rented and I was again unemployed, I would travel to real estate seminars to make the most of my time. Eventually I realized that the career I had been searching for — an opportunity to build and grow a brand — was being met by my loft. 

I set to work finding a way to purchase more lofts in the building. I was passionate about creating the 'authentic Nashville experience' for my guests by providing a space that featured work from local artists and thereby, helping support my community. 
This passion has grown into something far beyond what I ever dreamed for myself or imagined possible. I never wanted to be a boss, I just wanted a job and one that I loved! I now have an entire team that not only loves Nashville, but deeply cares about helping our guests get the most from their visit. 

Our cleaning team is top-notch, as they understand all of the marketing we do on the front end means nothing if you walk in and aren't completely blown away! Our security team, Asset, are former military guys who not only provide comfort for our guests entering the building after a late night on the town but are extremely professional and courteous. We think it's awesome to have our guests looked after by 'Captain America!' 

On the reservations side, we have rockstars who truly care about your upcoming visit whether it be for a vacation, reunion, bachelorette party or conference. We not only want to give you an amazing space to call home and help you experience Nashville like a local, but we want to give you customized recommendations and resources so you fall in love with our city and want to come back again and again!

Suzanne is the head boss of guest experiences. She has been with the company since the beginning and you truly will not find someone more passionate about Nashville and its music scene. You're in the best hands! 

A little about how Suzanne and I came to work together, because I absolutely love telling this story — In 2012-2013 we were roommates. I was visiting with banks all day, trying to convince them that #TeamMCL was something to believe in (which at the time, had never before been seen at such scale in Nashville) and staying up all night answering e-mails and fulfilling reservations. Suzanne walked out of her home office (mine was the kitchen table) to tell me she was cut from her company in a corporate downsizing. Realizing I needed to not only get some sleep, but keep whatever little funds I had in-house so we could avoid eviction, I asked her if she wanted to work for #TeamMCL. Her classic response, which I will always remember, a very unenthusiastic, 'I guess I have to.' 
It's so comical to remember that day because while she begrudgingly agreed then, she is a total rockstar now!

Suzanne has grown to not only be an irreplaceable teammate, to whom I am forever grateful to helping me make this business possible not only in operations, but in the emotional support that I needed when times were really hard and no bank would give me the time of day, my mother's passing and my first business partner's ALS diagnosis (Former Tennessee Titan, Tim Shaw. Check out his book 'Blitz Your Life' because it's GREAT!), but she is a true champion of #TeamMCL and the authentic Nashville experience we are trying to provide for our guests. She maintains the properties to a high standard of expectations and she delights in hearing our guests' stories, connecting with them and giving them personalized recommendations of shows and events. A recommendation from her is like getting the 'inside scoop' on up-and-coming artists, so you can feel like one of the 'cool kids' when you come to town and get to experience Nashville like a true local!

My vision for #TeamMCL is this:
We aim to create a world-wide brand of privately owned vacation rentals, starting with the Music City, USA. The industry of private home rentals is extremely variable and uncertain. I have traveled and stayed in homes all over and have asked these very same questions. I have collected my own terrible experiences where the property wasn't as advertised, wasn't clean or I didn't feel safe. I have also stayed in places that didn't feel authentic, but were stale and run-of-the-mill, where I may have just as well stayed in a box-store hotel chain! Overall, the property you stay in can significantly impact the quality of your trip, your emotions, adventure, experience and ultimately, your memories! Knowing this and what I've learned through my own experiences and from our guests since renting out my first loft in 2011 before establishing #TeamMCL as a company, I have a dream to bring a standard of comfort, quality and consistency into the vacation rental world, all while creating spaces that are 'authentic' to that city by supporting local artists and reflecting that city's unique culture and vibe. 

More than being a successful company with a culture we can be proud of, we intend to be a force for good. We feel it's our mission to give back to our guests by delivering an exceptional experience where our guests feel genuinely cared for, but as a company we aim to do so much more to positively impact the world. We want our guests to know that while they are getting what they pay for and having an amazing experience worthy of a 5-Star review, a portion of their hard earned money is being paid forward toward a cause, whether it's ALS research, disadvantaged and orphaned children, or teen moms needing additional career education and encouragement.

Having faced personal struggle and the challenges of starting a company, coming through victoriously to other side, I truly believe that anything is possible!

Our core goals include:
* Setting the stage — Owning romantic real estate in romantic cities, all over the world
* WOWing our guests with cleanliness, quality and customer service — Creating a world-wide brand of vacation rentals that travelers can trust
* WOWing our guests by delighting five of their senses (Sight, Smell, Touch, Taste and Sound) through our properties and personalized recommendations of authentic, unique and local experiences
* Be WOW Memory Makers — WOW our guests so they can experience joy, delight and adventure, through our properties and recommendations so they can create memories they will cherish for a lifetime when they Stay {Somewhere} Awesome!
* Positively impact our Team, our guests and our community through passion, growth/learning and contribution

Thank you, in advance, for giving us the opportunity to meet our goals as a team. We are looking forward to serving you and earning your 5-Star Review. We live and die by them. If there's anything you need from us during your stay, please contact us so we have the opportunity to deliver! Also, word-of-mouth is essential for us to grow and thrive so if you loved staying at a #TeamMCL loft, please tell your friends! 

With Sincerity and Deep Appreciation,
Dani Dubetz
My work: Music City Loft
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
1737 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting