URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1568166600059903154
Latitude: 36.1946
Longitude: -86.7767
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 16
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Escape to this massive 16-bed luxury retreat featuring a full game room with pool table, premium appliances, and a stunning rooftop deck with a hot tub and lounge space. Perfect for large groups, this home offers comfort, style, and endless entertainment. Enjoy spacious bedrooms, sleek design, and unforgettable amenities for the ultimate getaway!

The space
Welcome to one of the most impressive luxury stays in Nashville—designed for large groups who want space, style, and unforgettable amenities. Enjoy a massive rooftop deck, complete with a private hot tub and sweeping views of downtown. Every detail of this home was crafted to elevate your trip, giving your group the perfect home base just minutes from Broadway.

 ★★ 4,900 Sq. Ft. of Luxury. One of the biggest Short-Term Rentals in all of Nashville! This home has nearly un-ending space! 16 total beds and 14 beds are queens or kings! No cramped sleeping!

 ★★Premium downtown location, less than 10 minutes to Broadway

 ★★Expansive rooftop deck with private hot tub

★★16 total beds — Lots of sleeping arrangements and perfect for large groups!

★★Game room for extra entertainment

★★Private elevator for effortless access to all floors (available at extra charge)

 ★★Large, open-concept living & kitchen area

 ★★Fully stocked modern kitchen with state-of-the-art appliances

 ★★Towels, linens, and iron/board included

★★ Multiple Smart TVs throughout the home

★★Smart Lock keyless entry

★★Parking for 5 cars

★★Washer/Dryer w/ detergent

★★Coffee maker (Keurig machine and pods)

🏡 Property Layout

🔵 Basement (direct entry — no stairs)
       Game room with pool table
       Bonus room with 8 queen beds &
       2 twin beds
       Full bathroom

🟢 Main Floor (stairs required to front door)
      Living room
      Kitchen
      Dining area
      Bedroom with queen bunk beds
      Full bathroom

🟣 Second Floor
       Primary bedroom with king bed & private en suite
       Bedroom with queen bed
       Bedroom with queen bunk beds
       Full hallway bathroom

🌇 Fourth Floor
       Huge Rooftop deck with hot tub

Guest access
You’ll have full access to the entire home, including all indoor and outdoor spaces.

Home is equipped with a Yale Smartlock. You will be provided with your specialized access code prior to check-in. Guests will receive access at 4pm day of check-in and access will expire 10am day of check-out.

Garage is used as storage space and is not available to guests.

Other things to note
CHECK-IN: 4PM
CHECK-OUT: BY 10AM
Due to our very high occupancy, we are unable to accommodate early check-ins or late check-outs. If you require additional time at the property, please book an extra night before your arrival for early check-in or an extra night after your departure for late check-out.

FREE PARKING:
Free parking is available in the driveway that fits up to 5 cars. No garage parking.  

NO NASHVILLE OR LOCAL GUESTS: 
We do not allow locals on our property under any circumstances. We have a policy of not renting our home to individuals residing in Nashville or surrounding Metro area. We reserve the right to cancel any reservation made by a local resident without issuing a refund. If you are a local resident, please refrain from booking our home. Thank you!

CHILDREN DISCLOSURE:
We're delighted to welcome families with children to our home! However, it's crucial to mention that our home is not childproofed. With amenities like numerous stairs (4 story home), rooftop deck featuring a hot tub, high ledge, additional balcony etc - we want to be up front and ensure a safe and enjoyable stay for everyone. For the safety of our youngest guests, we kindly request that children be supervised by an adult at all times.

4 STORY HOME W/ STAIRS:
Our home boasts four stories, a common architectural feature in many Nashville residences, contributing to breathtaking skyline views. To fully enjoy the charm of our space, please be aware that stairs are an integral part of your stay that each guests must use. The incredible view will make you forget about all the stairs.

ELEVATOR:
The elevator is available only upon request and for an additional fee starting at $100. Must give us 3-day advance notice at least in order for us to ensure it will be ready. Please note it is intended for essential-use situations and must be operated responsibly. Improper use may result in repair charges. While we do our best to keep it functional, elevator availability cannot be guaranteed, and it may be out of service at times.

NO SMOKING OR VAPING INSIDE:
To ensure a comfortable and healthy environment for all guests, smoking & vaping is strictly prohibited inside the property. This includes all indoor areas and on the rooftop deck. If you wish to smoke or vape, please do so outside the property and dispose of cigarette butts responsibly. Violation of this policy will result in a $500 fine. Thank you for your understanding!

POTENTIAL NOISE:
Nashville is renowned for its vibrant atmosphere, particularly in the heart of the city. While our property offers a tranquil retreat, please be aware that you may experience occasional noise during your stay, such as from nearby construction, traffic, other neighboring guests, and more. These factors are beyond our control. While we anticipate minimal disruption for most guests, it's important to note if you are unaccustomed to urban environments.

DOGS:
We happily welcome 1-2 well-behaved, house-trained adult dogs to stay in our home. We ask that all dogs be crated when left alone in our home, so please bring a crate with you. To ensure a smooth process, all dogs must be discussed and pre-approved by host within 24 hours of booking. Please be sure to add them to your reservation. $100 flat pet fee applies for up to two dogs. We regret to inform you that dogs under 1 year old, cats, or other animals are not allowed. Be please respectful and clean up after your dog(s). Any damage from pet will guests responsibility as an inspection will occur at check-out.

A lot of time, care, and money has been put into this home that we LOVE. We only want to have the best guests who will respect our property and neighbors. If you've made it this far on the listing and have questions, please ask us! Thank you, Calvin, Dylan and Allie

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dylan
Host User ID: 667320951
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/667320951
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lead Property Manager for Stay Nashville, LLC. 

A bit about me, I’m married to my beautiful wife Rylee and we have a daughter named Mabel. I’m passionate about my church, Holy Saints, CrossFit, and enjoying life to the fullest. I love to read, explore new ideas, and explore new places, especially when it means being outdoors. My faith is my foundation, and I strive to live for the Lord daily. Life’s a thrilling ride, and I’m here to embrace it all with gratitude!.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Lipscomb University
2 years hosting