URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1197952298691753971
Latitude: 36.1547
Longitude: -86.7771
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Nashlife Retreat! A stylish 1BR Luxury SUITE centrally-located in downtown Nashville and walking distance to Broadway & all other local attractions.

We are:
﻿﻿0.2 miles from Music City Center
﻿﻿0.4 miles from Bridgestone Arena
﻿﻿0.4 miles from Country Music HOF
﻿﻿0.7 miles from Broadway
﻿﻿1.3 miles from Nissan Stadium
﻿﻿6.8 miles from Nashville International Airport

Pool, Grills, 24hr Gym!

On-site PAID parking available in our secure gated garage for $35 per night upon request.

The space
Experience luxury amenities while feeling right at home. Comfortably sleeps up to 6 guests. 

Where you can sleep: 
★Queen bed in bedroom
★Queen bed in living room
★Full convertible sofa sleeper in living room
★Queen air mattress 

Bonus: 
★Memory foam mattresses for ultimate comfort
★ Complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body wash
★ Keurig Coffee Machine with K-cups
★Electric tea kettle & tea bags
★ Convenient in-unit washer and dryer
★Fully stocked kitchen w/ stainless steel appliances and cookware
★Dedicated workspace
★ High-speed internet to stay connected
★Two Roku smart TVs with access to Netflix, Hulu, and more
★ A 24-hour fitness center with a rock climbing wall
★ An outdoor saltwater pool
★ Grills for outdoor cooking
★ A courtyard with fire pits
★ The elevated 6th floor Sky Lounge
★Games available for added fun and entertainment
★Only 15 mins away from BNA-Nashville International Airport 

To secure parking for your stay ($35 per night), simply contact us at least 48 hours before check-in.

Our suite is thoroughly cleaned and sanitized before each guest check-in and after check-out. Some light cleaning supplies are also provided for guest use.

The space is a beautifully designed haven, just steps away from Bridgestone Arena, the Country Music Hall of Fame, Music City Center, Nissan Stadium, Broadway, Assembly Food Hall, and the Ryman Auditorium. 

The property manages the maintenance and supervision of shared amenities. Please note that we are not responsible for any closures or unavailability of these amenities, as this is beyond our control. If an amenity, such as the pool, is closed during your stay, we regret that we CANNOT offer a refund. However, we will do our best to inform you of any closures as soon as we are notified by the property. By making you reservation you are acknowledging this disclaimer regarding building amenities and agree unavailability will not be grounds for refund or cancellation of your reservation.

Please note that we’re located in the heart of downtown Nashville, where live music, nightlife, and city energy are all part of the experience. Because of our central location, occasional noise is possible, especially on weekends, but we strive to provide a clean, comfortable, and welcoming stay for all of our guests. If you’re looking for a quieter, suburban-style setting, this may not be the best fit, but if you want to be in the center of the action, you’ll love the location!

Guest access
Entering the suite and accessing all amenities is simple and effortless with our keyless smartphone entry system, Latch. Just use your smartphone, the Latch app, and ensure your Bluetooth is turned on. Once your booking is confirmed, you'll receive instructions and a brief informative video on using Latch to ensure a smooth arrival.

For your convenience, our Baggage Bellhop service is available onsite seven days a week from 9 AM to 5 PM.

Dive into the Nashville experience at The Burnham—book your stay today!

Other things to note
Permit #2018071178 

Check-in/Check-out:
★Check-in is at 3pm and check-out is at 10am.

The concierge is at the lobby desk to help with questions about the community, Latch, and parking.

Concierge Hours: 2:00 pm to 10:00 pm, Wednesday through Sunday

An overnight concierge is available from 10:00 pm to 6:00 am for nuisance complaints only.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Katherine
Host User ID: 514932425
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/514932425
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Medgar Evers College Alum
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
164 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting