URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1729888747048323266
Latitude: 36.18274133084692
Longitude: -86.79421398874781
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Mod Buchanan by AvantStay. Mid-century style meets North Nashville's creative Buchanan Arts District, with a rooftop built for golden hour and room for the whole crew to spread out.

🛁 Backyard hot tub
🌆 Rooftop lounge with putting mat & skyline views
🎱 Pool table, shuffleboard & game room

The space
Mid-century lines, warm wood, and a rooftop built for golden hour — The Mod Buchanan brings a little retro cool to one of North Nashville's most creative corners. It's a home made for groups who want room to spread out, with plenty of reasons to stay in between adventures across the city.

Downstairs, the open-concept living space keeps everyone connected. Sink into the lounge for a movie night, rack up a round on the pool table, or start a shuffleboard rivalry that runs long past dinner. A dedicated game room with its own TV and seating gives the crew a second place to gather, and the dining table seats eight, so no one's eating standing up. The kitchen is fully equipped for everything from morning coffee to a full group spread, and an in-unit washer and dryer makes longer stays effortless.

Up top, the covered rooftop lounge is the kind of spot you'll keep drifting back to — comfortable seating for slow conversations and a putting mat for a little friendly competition against a skyline backdrop. Morning coffee, afternoon downtime, late-night hangs: it all happens here. Down in the backyard, a hot tub waits for soaking under the stars after a full day out in the city.

The bedrooms are spread throughout the home for privacy, mixing king beds with flexible sleeping options that make it easy to host families, friend groups, or a bit of both.

The location puts you in the middle of it all. Germantown, one of Nashville's most walkable neighborhoods, sits just a short stroll away and packs in some of the city's most sought-after dining. City House and Rolf and Daughters anchor the scene, while the nearby Neuhoff District — set along the Cumberland River — adds The Optimist and Babychan to the lineup. Closer to home, the Buchanan Arts District runs right up your street, with galleries, makers, and independent spots that give this pocket of North Nashville its do-it-your-own-way character. And when you're ready for the bright lights, Broadway's honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, and Nissan Stadium are all a short drive south, keeping you close to the action without dropping you in the thick of the noise.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips.

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay Style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Bedrooms 1, 2, and 3 are on the third floor. Bedroom 4 is on the fourth floor.

Parking Details:
- This property provides two parking spots. 

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit: 2016/0278/35

Registration Details
2016027835

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting