URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/26232437
Latitude: 36.1267
Longitude: -86.7785
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 0
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
COME STAY & PLAY!! At our Beautiful & Fun condo. Located at desirable 8th Ave S. exactly 2 miles from the Broadway strip and Downtown Nashville and just blocks from the famous 12th. S and Zanies comedy club. 1 minute walk to Public's , dinning and shopping. A POOL and FREE parking. A 12 min walk to  GEODIS Park to see Nashville SC. Or a concert . An easy 2 min walk to Hattie B's Hot Chicken, and so much more... In addition all guests that book get a discount on Barrels Of Fun Nashville tours!

The space
We deeply thank you for your interest in our home with Hey Y'all Nashville!

WEEKEND RESERVATIONS:

Three night MINIMUM is required on all weekends. Friday and Saturday MUST be booked together. You will really enjoy the energy and vibe here in Nashville. Weekends are our most popular time in the city which is why we require Friday and Saturday to be booked together. We have this rule due to the fact that it makes the other weekend night almost impossible to book if it is split up.

**Additional rules may apply for special events and holidays**

CMA FEST: Thursday to Monday must be booked together

PRESIDENTS/VETERANS/MEMORIAL/JULY 4th/LABOR DAY HOLIDAY WEEKENDS: Sunday night must be booked with your reservation.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Please read information below BEFORE contacting host.

RESERVATION HOLDS:
Please read information below BEFORE contacting host.

Furnished with your comfort in mind, makes you feel right at home. This cozy space features 1 King bed & 1 Queen sleeper sofa with added memory foam mattress for your comfort ( we get tons of comments about how comfortable our  beds  are ) Accommodates up to four guests very comfortably.

Accommodates up to four guests total. 

AMENITIES INCLUDE:
King Bed
Queen Sleeper Sofa Bed
Free fiber optic FAST WiFi 
Smart TV
Fully equipped kitchen
Dining table with seating for 4
Iron/Iron board
Hair dryer
Fresh bed linens
Plush towels
Toiletries - shampoo, conditioner, body soap. body lotion
Cozy pillows 
Vanity areas for ease of getting ready
Keurig coffeemaker, coffee, creamer, sugar
Air-conditioning/heat
Outdoor seating with table
Pool (Seasonal)
Fresh Pool towels in the unit. 

If this space is booked please feel free to inquire about our other local accommodation options.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
In addition if you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

CLEANING:
We pride ourselves in providing a clean home for our guests. We hire cleaners that not only work hard, but take pride in their craft. They treat the property as their own and we pay them well for a thoroughly clean home. If during your stay, anything isn’t up to your standard please let us know immediately so that we can make it right for you right away. Your satisfaction is our top priority.

2018followed033followed_by033

Guest access
KEYLESS ENTRY:
Prior to your arrival, you will receive a unique keypad code that will serve as your keyless entry to the condo during your stay. Access is all keyless entry and you can come and go as you please.

GUIDE BOOK:
A book with recommendations for local restaurants, coffee shops, spas and other places to visit is provided in the condo.

FREE PARKING:
Guests have free parking directly at the complex.

POOL:
Guests have access to the pool. Pool towels provided. Pool can close at any time at the discretion of building management. We are not responsible for pool closure.

Other things to note
We have worked very hard to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Please respect, care and be mindful of the surrounding neighbors so that guests can continue to enjoy the space for many years to come. Thanks

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Our beautiful properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
Please DO NOT ask for a early check in or late check out unless it’s the day prior to your arrival or the day before check out as in most cases we have back to back check in/check outs and need ample time to get the unit spotless before the next guest. 
On the same note, if you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Studio South
Host User ID: 197144624
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/197144624
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Love boating , concerts and travel
Where I went to school: Nashville
I spend too much time: Working
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
409 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting