URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1371654141812438822
Latitude: 36.15609
Longitude: -86.77593
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
FREE GATED PARKING
Steps from Broadway (5 MIN WALK) 
“If I Know Me,” you’re about to have a wild time at WallenGirlsBnB—the ultimate Morgan Wallen-inspired girls’ getaway just steps from Broadway. Snap pics by the flower wall, belt out “Last Night” at the karaoke setup, and strike a pose by Wallen’s cheeky mugshot décor. With disco sparkle, cowgirl boots, and country soul, this Insta-worthy retreat is where “You Proof” unforgettable memories are made.

The space
As seen on TikTok 😋💕
✨ Welcome to WallenGirlsBnB ✨ – the ultimate Nashville escape, perfectly designed for girls’ trips, bachelorette weekends, and country music lovers. 

Have an event?! (Bachelorette, birthday, graduation) I am partnered with an incredible Balloon artist, hydration IV nurse and makeup artist! Lmk when you book if you need any services 

📍 Prime Location: Situated in SoBro, you’re just walking distance to Broadway, where live music, rooftop bars, and nonstop fun await. Plus, you’re conveniently located across the street from Starbucks and a donut shop—perfect for morning pick-me-ups or sweet treats.

✅ Free gated parking for one vehicle makes exploring the city a breeze. Need an extra spot? A second parking space is available for a small fee.

💖 Inside, you’ll find a glam retreat with Casper queen beds and a plush king bed for dreamy nights.

💄 Get ready in style with a dedicated vanity room, ring light for flawless photos, and full-length, light-up mirrors that guarantee perfect lighting for every selfie.

🎤 Keep the party going with a karaoke machine, break out the UNO cards for a fun night in, or kick back with the Smart TV and YouTube TV for all your favorite shows.

🍳 Cook up a feast in the full kitchen, featuring an electric stove (carbon monoxide-free), and enjoy the convenience of an in-unit washer and dryer.

🌸 Snap Insta-worthy pics in front of the flower wall, then unwind with complimentary snacks and a fresh brew from the fully stocked Keurig coffee bar.

🚀 Stay comfortable year-round with AC/heat and connected with high-speed WiFi.

🌟 Steps from Broadway, made for bold memories. 🌟

GUEST ACCESS 
Guests will have access to the entire property through the Latch app and resort-style amenities including :
- Outdoor heated pool for year round relaxation
- Courtyard with cozy fire pits & outdoor grills
- On-site concierge to enhance your Nashville trip
- Baggage bellhop service for effortless arrivals 
- 24/7 emergency maintenance & security 
- Sky lounge with deck & panoramic Downtown views 

Pool Hours: 
Open from 10am-8pm (absolutely NO GLASS IN POOL ) 

Courtyard access :
Open from 10am-10 pm 

Flexible Check-In & Check Out 
I will try my best to accommodate an early check in/late check out for a small fee if the unit is available early 

Other things to note: 
You'll be in the heart of downtown, close to all the action. Staying close to downtown as amazing as it is, can come with louder street noises. I will try to accommodate your space and make it as comfortable as possible for a good nights sleep. If you have any noise complaints you can text the security hotline listed  in your welcome binder. 

The building is part of a multifamily complex, so shared spaces are managed by the buildings ownership. I am limited by their maintenance schedules and timelines, and sometimes amenities may be unavailable . while I can't offer refunds or discounts for these situations, I'll keep you updated if anything changes . 

If you need anything at all please don't hesitate to reach out. I am just a phone call or text away!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jessica
Host User ID: 113755603
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/113755603
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! My name is Jessa and I am from Huntington Beach, CA. My husband and I recently got married and moved across the states to Nashville TN! It has been a dream of mine to host and am so excited to share my space with you! I love Morgan Wallen and all things bridal. Thanks for choosing to stay at our property and I look forward to hosting you!
Born in the 90s
My work: Dental Hygienist
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
84 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting