URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/16945346
Latitude: 36.15235
Longitude: -86.86792
rental_type: Entire cottage
property_type: COTTAGE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome friends! Our 1940's sweet two bedroom, one bath home is up for grabs. The neighborhood is super safe and our neighbors are top notch. Just off interstate 40, it is as convenient as you can get. Enjoy 10-15 minutes to downtown night life. 3 houses away from the park entrance that includes a childrens play area. Inside find brand new memory foam mattresses and cozy linens. Kitchen is well equipped if you feel like a little quiet time.

The space
Update: We were unaffected by the tornado, but we appreciate everyone asking and reaching out! 

A charming, quaint, West Nashville cottage home, with so many great perks to enjoy! West Nashville has a vast number of great restaurants, and amenities, to make your stay comfortable and full of options. This place was our personal home for over twelve years, so we have the inside track to all the local haunts and hotspots. Multi-ethnic cuisine, coffee shops, BBQ, and Nashville's now famous HOT-Chicken, all within a couple of miles! Well actually, most of Nashville's best spots are within 6 miles. 
The home is in a quiet, safe, neighborhood (with wonderful neighbors!) just three houses down from the park, perfect for a nice walk on a sunshiny day and a playground if you have little ones with you. 
 Slow paced and relaxing but, only a 5-10 minute uber ride from downtown's honky-tonks and nightlife. So, if you need to escape and get away (URL HIDDEN) close to the action, this place can serve both needs. 
We've kept the decor inside funky and fun from when we lived there. A diner booth from the 1950's serves as the kitchen table and retro furniture that we've collected over time sprinkled through the home. 
The house is also equipped with wireless internet and Apple TV if you need a quiet night in or have any business to conduct during your stay. 
We want your stay in Nashville to be all that it can possibly be, so we will include a list of favorite places to check out while you're here as well! If you're a foodie, or a cocktail/coffee connoisseur, we'd love to point you in the right direction. 

We also take pride in keeping the place clean and tidy for your stay. We hope that we can accommodate you at our place on your trip to Music City!

Guest access
Gas and charcoal grills, back yard fire pit, everything inside the house( roughly 800 sq ft)  minus the attic area which is locked.

Other things to note
As mentioned earlier our home is roughly 800 square feet. Please keep this in mind when booking. 6 people is a tight squeeze with only one bathroom. It can be done though if you need. Two in the master, two on the double bed, one on the couch, and one on the blow up mattress.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sunshine
Host User ID: 27790568
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/27790568
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey everyone! We are the Weavers. Longtime residents of the great city of Nashville. Both of us moved here as children by way of California and Texas. Met, married, and settled down together on the West side of town over 13 years ago. We love the atmosphere, food and neighbors that this side of town has to offer. Self confessed coffee junkies, cocktail drinkers, and lovers of all manner of cuisine. Music, horses, and our kid's schedules are what keeps us busy.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
525 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting