URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/795848909122450126
Latitude: 36.1476
Longitude: -86.8602
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 8
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Pink Cowgirl- your ultimate Nashville getaway!

⭐️ 4 Miles to Broadway
⭐️ Game Room
⭐️ Photo Ops
⭐️ Hand Painted Murals
⭐️ Private Parking
⭐️ Gated Community
⭐️ Early Check In/ Late Check Out Options
⭐️ Exclusive Local Business Discounts

The space
BOOK WITH US AND RECEIVE EXCLUSIVE ACCESS TO 20+ LOCAL BUSINESS DISCOUNTS. Details listed below. 

EARLY CHECK IN AND LATE CHECK OUT OPTIONS AVAILABLE FOR A FEE (based upon availability) 

Get ready for a fun-filled, unforgettable stay in this fabulous three-story, perfectly pink retreat just minutes from the heart of Music City! Designed by Brooke Hogan with vibrant charm and playful style, this one-of-a-kind home is the perfect backdrop for memory-making with your crew. Whether you're here for a girls' trip, bachelorette weekend, or just a stylish escape, The Pink Cowgirl was made to delight.

Tucked inside a quiet, gated community just 4 miles from Broadway (about a 10-minute Uber ride), you'll be close to all the action while enjoying a peaceful place to unwind.

Step into the bright and airy great room where natural light pours in, highlighting colorful decor, stylish furnishings, and tons of Insta-worthy photo ops. The spacious, island kitchen features high-end stainless steel appliances and seating for your whole group—perfect for casual meals, morning mimosas, or late-night snacks.

Each of the beautifully designed bedrooms offers a private en-suite bathroom, giving everyone their own space and comfort.

Downstairs, the garage has been transformed into a fun game room complete with a cozy lounge area, TV, ping pong table, and a hand-painted mural that brings the spirit of Nashville indoors.

Additional amenities include:

A private balcony off the primary suite with a bistro set – perfect for morning coffee or sunset cocktails

Central A/C for year-round comfort

Guest parking within the gated complex

In-unit washer and dryer for convenience

Smart TVs and a fully stocked kitchen

BEDROOM LAYOUT:

First floor bedroom: Queen bed with single pull-out trundle bed. Private en-suite bathroom and smart TV. 

Third floor bunk bed room: Two queen beds with a double size pull-out bed. Private en-suite bathroom.

Third floor master bedroom: King bed with two single pull-out beds. Private en-suite bathroom, balcony, and smart TV. 

SPECIAL GUEST PROMOTIONS:
All promotional codes will be sent with a booking confirmation

1. Honkey Tonk Party Express- Book a reservation and get 15% off of party bus experiences, shuttles, and packages, and 20% off merch. I highly recommend doing this! I did it for my own bachelorette and had the time of my life. 

2. Pontoon Saloon- Expect to be mingling, dancing, and boozing to the best mix of tunes while cruising down the river. All of our cruises include a Captain, party host, sound system, restroom, and plenty of ice with coolers for your beverage of choice. It's the best honky tonk booze cruise on the water! Guests get 5% off all cruises. 

3. BachMe- They do it all from planning your bachelorette or party itinerary, to decorating your Airbnb, stocking the fridge, charcuterie boards, and cheeky butler services!

4. Dash of Nash Decor- Take the stress out of party planning and decorating! Whether it's a bachelorette party, a birthday, or a themed get-together, we'll handle all your decor needs! 

5. Bach Bar Nash- a fun, mobile bartending experience thats guaranteed to get your party going! Book a reservation and get 10% off services. 

6. Shes Got Baggage- arriving in Nashville early or have a late flight? She’s Got Baggage will pick up, store, and deliver bags back to you while you enjoy more of your Nashville visit. Our guests get 10% off. 

7. Bach2BachPhotography- Professional photography at your location choice (Airbnb, local murals, party bus, etc). Our guests get 15% off. 

8. Bad Girls Yoga- Join Bad Girls Yoga for our signature Namaste then Rosé class! The practice of yoga is all about balance. And that’s the mission of Bad Girls Yoga: a mixture of yoga, pilates and strength training. Every session is tailored specifically for you, right down to the playlist with all of your favorite songs.  All classes end with aromatherapy and a Rosé toast. Stay with us and get 10% off! 

9. BarBees Bartending- A mobile cocktail class that will shake up your girls trip! Our guests get 10% off bartending classes! 

10. Big Green Tractor Tours- A BYOB party wagon with multiple tours throughout the city. Our guests get 10% off tours.

11. Woo Girl Wear- Create custom rhinestone bedazzled cowboy hats perfect for bridal & bachelorette parties, birthdays, and anyone wanting to make a statement at a concert. Hats can be delivered to your Airbnb or shipped anywhere in the US.  Our guests get a 10% discount. 

12. Hell on Wheels- Tour Nashville on a huge military truck while also giving back to Homes for our Troops. Our guests get 15% off our experience to Party With a Purpose 🇺🇸🦅💪🏻

13. Tastify- A private chef that cooks personalized meals in the privacy of your own Airbnb. Guests receive 10% off.

14. Belle Meade Historic Site and Winery- Explore the beautiful grounds of the historic Belle Meade mansion and receive 15% off a Wine & Food Pairing, Bourbon Experience, or a Wine, Bourbon, & Food Pairing.

15. Fetii- a group rideshare app that uses 14-passenger sprinter vans, so you and your friends can stay together without splitting up — complete with fun party lights for an unforgettable experience! New Fetii Users get 3 free rides and Existing Fetii Users get 25% off 3 rides.

16. Trapped Escape Game- Try out an escape room with a race-against-time experience that will require your group’s collective intellect, ingenuity, and problem-solving skills to escape. Guests receive 20% off! 

17. Bridal Spa Sesh with Taylor Bero - Indulge in a 1-2 hour pampering sesh with your bridal party when you need to reset your skin after your fun night! This is a complimentary free service provided by Skincare and Beauty Director, Taylor Bero! 

18. Music City Gents- Nashville’s hottest cowboy burlesque show! Featuring abs of steel, fire, dancing, and gents! Party bus packages available. Stay with us and get 20% off. 

19. Anomalie Beauty Agency- a glam squad that specializes in offering hair, makeup, spray tanning, group classes and more, all in the location that you choose! Guests get 15% off all services. 

20. Ranch Hands Cowboylesque- Saddle up for a night of excitement. Join for a show of music, dancing, and comedy performed by our dashing, shirtless cowboys. Or join us for a Brunch of Cowboys! Guests get 10% off! 

21. And She Bakes- Nashville bakery with the most exquisite, bespoke, custom cakes. Your guests should be able to have their cake, and eat it, too! Offering both pick up and delivery options! Get 10% off your custom order.

22. Lets Hibachi- Private in-home hibachi experience. Guests get 10% off.

23. Rockstar Hibachi: Private in-home hibachi experience. Guests get 10% off.

24. The Balanced Bachelorette: Private yoga sessions. Guests get 10% off. 

25. Stag & Hen: The cutest bachelorette party accessories & decor. Guests get 20% off. 

We are currently working with other companies to organize more promotions for our guests. If there are any specific businesses you are interested in, let me know and I can try to reach out and set up a partnership!

Explore the Area:
5 mins: SandBar Nashville
5 mins: Climb Nashville 
7 mins: Centennial Park 
7 mins: McCabe Golf Course 
7 mins: Tennessee State University 
8 mins: Broadway
8 mins: Midtown 
8 mins: The Parthenon
8 mins: Nashville Yards 
9 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Course 
9 mins: Vanderbilt University 
10 mins: Music Row 
10 mins: The Gulch
10 mins: Country Music Convention
10 mins: Music City Convention Center 
10 mins: RCA Studio 
10 mins: Germantown 
10 mins: Nissan Stadium 
12 mins: Johnny Cash Museum 
12 mins: Belmont Mansion and Belle Meade Winery
12 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center 
20 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire townhome.

Other things to note
Fireplace is not usable; it is for display only. 

No pets allowed.

No smoking allowed.

Garage is currently set up as a game room, but the ping pong table is usually left folded up to fit one parked vehicle in the garage. There is also a small guest parking area in the gated complex.

Registration Details
2024061029

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Courtney
Host User ID: 28464442
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/28464442
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My fiancé and I both work full time as first responders.  I love traveling and have backpacked through every continent in the world (besides Antarctica!).  

I recently had my own bachelorette party in Nashville and fell in love with the live music, positive environment, and amazing people, so we decided to create the ultimate bachelorette haven/ girls trip to share with you all! We hope you love Nashville and The Pink Cowgirl as much as we do!
Where I went to school: San Diego State University
My work: First Responder
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
252 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting