URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1485724242171356204
Latitude: 36.13036227376609
Longitude: -86.7789342516044
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Nashville Comfort-Sleeps 10-3 Mins to 12 South
Discover the charm of a spacious 3-bedroom, 3.5-bath retreat tucked into the heart of the desirable 8th Ave S. and Melrose district. Steps from the lively 12 South district, you’ll be surrounded by the city’s vibrant energy. This welcoming hideaway provides the ideal base for enjoying the energy and culture that make Music City a one-of-a-kind destination.

The space
Discover the charm of Nashville Comfort, a spacious 3-bedroom, 3.5-bath retreat tucked into the heart of the desirable 8th Ave S. and Melrose district. Just steps from the lively 12 South district, you’ll be surrounded by the city’s vibrant energy. Enjoy live music, dine at trendy restaurants, and explore the unique boutiques that give this neighborhood its charm. Continued in "The Space" below.

The space
This welcoming hideaway provides the ideal base for enjoying the vibrant energy and culture that make Music City a one-of-a-kind destination.

IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THIS PROPERTY, PLEASE READ THE LISTING ENTIRELY. By booking, the guest agrees they have read all the details about the property and agree to our terms and conditions. 

Location: 
Take a short walk up the street to find yourself laughing till it hurts at Zanies Comedy Club, providing entertainment every night of the week. During the day, grab a coffee and pastry from a local artisan coffee shop before visiting some of the quirky shops on 8th Ave. Or venture a few blocks away to one of the many other popular Nashville neighborhoods. Within walking distance is the renown 12th Ave S neighborhood, known for being one of the most walkable neighborhoods in Nashville. At Southern Elegance, you're conveniently positioned in the middle of everything Nashville has to offer!

Living Areas and Kitchen: 
At Nashville Comfort, you'll find a thoughtfully designed living space where comfort meets style, creating the perfect place to unwind. After a day of exploring the lively streets of 12 South, relax on the plush, cozy seating and catch up on your favorite shows or movies with the smart TV. The fully stocked kitchen nearby is ideal for preparing anything from light snacks to full meals, offering all the essentials to inspire your inner chef. Gather around the dining area, which comfortably seats eight, making it perfect for sharing meals and stories about your Nashville adventures. At Nashville Comfort, every detail is crafted to make you feel right at home.

Bedrooms and Bathrooms: 
The primary bedroom on the second floor features a King bed, smart TV, private workspace, large walk-in closet, and an en-suite bathroom with a double vanity and walk-in shower. Also on the second floor, the second bedroom includes a King bed, smart TV, a large walk-in closet, and an en-suite bathroom with a single vanity and a shower/tub combo. The third bedroom, located on the lower floor, offers two Queen beds and two Twin beds in a bunk bed style, along with a smart TV, closet space, and an en-suite bathroom with a single vanity and a shower/tub combo. For added convenience, a half bathroom is located off the kitchen.

Parking:
A convenient two-car garage will be available for guests, providing easy access throughout your stay.

Imagine starting your day in Nashville with a cup of coffee on your private patio, soaking in the morning serenity before exploring all the city has to offer. From top-notch restaurants to vibrant entertainment, Nashville's energy is unmatched. Whether you're here for business or a weekend getaway with loved ones, this home is the perfect launchpad for your adventures, ensuring a peaceful night’s rest after each day of excitement. No matter how you choose to enjoy your stay, Nashville Comfort will quickly become your home away from home.

Bed Setup:
Primary Bedroom (2nd Floor): 1 King Bed with Smart TV, Private Workspace, Large Walk-in Closet, and En-suite Bathroom
2nd Bedroom (2nd Floor): 1 King Bed with Smart TV, Large Walk-in Closet, and En-suite Bathroom
3rd Bedroom (Lower Floor): 2 Queen Beds (Bunk Bed Style) & 2 Twin Beds (Bunk Bed Style) with Smart TV, Closet Space, and En-suite Bathroom
*Additional Sleeping Arrangement: 1 Queen Sleeper Sofa in Living Area

Primary Bedroom (2nd Floor)
Primary bedroom with a King bed, smart TV, private workstation, large walk-in closet, and en-suite bathroom.

2nd Bedroom (2nd Floor)
2nd bedroom with a King bed, smart TV, large walk-in closet, and en-suite bathroom.

Washer & Dryer (2nd Floor)
A washer and dryer will be available during your stay.

Living Area (1st Floor)
Bright open-floor living space featuring smart flat-screen TV and designer furnishings.  Sofa has a queen size pull-out bed, for a total of 12 sleeping spaces to choose from.

Dining Area (1st Floor)
Dining area with room for 8. Connects to the living area and kitchen.

Kitchen (1st Floor)
The fully equipped modern kitchen features culinary essentials, stainless steel appliances, and island bar seating.

Half Bathroom (1st Floor)
Half bathroom will be located off the kitchen area for your convenience.

Private Patio (1st Floor)
Outdoor patio with seating perfect for your morning coffee.

3rd Bedroom (Lower Floor)
3rd bedroom with 2 Queen beds (bunk bed style) and 2 Twin beds (bunk bed style) with smart TV and closet space and en-suite bathroom.

Additional Workstation (Lower Floor)
An extra workspace offers a dedicated area to boost productivity

Garage (Lower Floor)
A convenient two-car garage will be available for guests, providing easy access throughout your stay.

Explore the Area:
- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
1 min: 8th & Roast Coffee
1 min: Starland Vintage and Unusual
2 mins: Zanies Comedy Night Club
2 mins: Gruhn Guitars - 2 minutes 
2 mins: The Urban Juicer
2 mins: Hattie B's Hot Chicken
3 mins: 12 South
3 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
4 mins: Belmont-Hillsboro
4 mins: Bongo Java
4 mins: Frothy Monkey
4 mins: Halcyon Bike Shop
4 mins: The Filling Station
5 mins: Belmont Mansion
5 mins: Burger Up
5 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
5 mins: Geodis Park 
5 mins: Sevier Park
5 mins: Wedgewood-Houston
7 mins: Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
7 mins: Music City Center
7 mins: Music Row
7 mins: RCA Studio
7 mins: The Gulch
7 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
8 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
8 mins: Centennial Park
8 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
8 mins: Nashville Yards - Amazon HQ2 
8 mins: The Blue Room
8 mins: The Parthenon
8 mins: Topgolf
10 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
11 mins: Grand Ole Opry
11 mins: McCabe Golf Course
11 mins: Nashville Zoo

Add-ons:
- Pack & Play and Highchair: GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note, this is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest who’s primary residence is located within two (2) hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via AutoHost operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Maximum of 2 pets under 35lbs each, $100 fee per pet required. 
- GoodNight Stay is proud to offer all guests kick-start amenities for kitchens and bathrooms! Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.
- The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, Makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can.  
- We'll also be sure to provide you with two (2) paper towel rolls per kitchen and two (2) rolls of bathroom tissue per bathroom.
- Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Nashville Permit Issued In 2021 Followed By:2021030786

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire unit, including garage parking.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms!
- Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.
- The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, Makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can.
- We'll also be sure to provide you with two (2) paper towel rolls per kitchen and two (2) rolls of bathroom tissue per bathroom.
- Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Rob
Host User ID: 398483815
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/398483815
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 60s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
1 year hosting
9 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting