URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1173259684081292723
Latitude: 36.1253
Longitude: -86.7959
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Curated in the sought-after 12 South neighborhood, it is immaculately designed, newly renovated, and historic, ideal for indoor-outdoor hosting.
* Luxury Services for guests- Our mission is to provide unforgettable service wrapped in a custom estate's luxury, curating a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
* Concierge Planning- Our service managers are ready to pre-book the best experiences to make our destinations come alive and assist with any pre-...

The space
...arrival needs for your group.

* House Manager service- At check-in, you will be introduced to your personal House Manager, who is carefully selected and trained in the art of service. Our House Managers visit daily, and our managers are available 24/7 to deliver that ABOVE 5-star experience.

* We will also delight you with the ABOVE Welcome Experience, daily refresh service, luxury spa amenities, luxury white linens, and more!

* Curated Residences - Guests trusting ABOVE for their luxury travel learn that the unexpected is our standard. Most of our estates are the homeowner's primary residences- contrary to an industry filled with contrived, sparsely appointed investment rental properties. Our luxury properties immerse guests in the finest of amenities, finishes, and concierge services while giving visitors the true sense of living like a local.

Featured in luxury magazines and located in the sought-after 12 South neighborhood, this estate is tucked away in one of the most coveted areas of Nashville. Within walking distance to some of Nashville's best restaurants and universities, like Belmont University, the award-winning 12 South Taproom and Grill, Bartaco, Urban Grub, and Josephine. This immaculately designed newly renovated historic estate boasts a comfortable interior, exhibits a flexible and balanced layout, and multiple indoor & outdoor entertainment and lounge areas. This Estate has a spacious luxury Primary suite with a one-of-a-kind en suite spa bathroom complete with a sauna. The lavish ensuite bath speaks of the quality of materials throughout the home. The open living, dining, and kitchen areas make it perfect for entertaining your group or family. Step outside the kitchen to the private outdoor dining area, complete with a fireplace, ideal for indoor-outdoor hosting. This home is an entertainer's dream with a sparkling pool, hot tub, fenced yard, and gourmet kitchen.  As a bonus, the fully appointed pool house has a convertible ping pong/pool table, bar area, and powder bath. Envelop yourself in designer luxury while enjoying the best location in town!

DISCLAIMER: Room configurations, bedding, decor, and all other contents depicted in the photos may have changed since being photographed.

*All bookings with ABOVE must be pre-approved before they are considered confirmed. The ease of "click to book" with our travel partners should be viewed as "click to request." Only through proper vetting can we ensure the homeowner's needs and our guest's expectations are in sync before we can confirm any reservation. *

IMPORTANT: Our properties will not be rented to any group/event that may disrupt the serene neighborhood. We deeply value our neighbors; thus, final approval of any reservation only comes after a conversation that gives us full confidence that neighbor rights and house rules will be respected. NO DISRUPTIVE GUESTS.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brian Joseph
Host User ID: 210733801
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/210733801
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
ABOVE Vacation Residences 
 
Who We Are.

Over the years, ABOVE has quietly become the go to leader for connecting the most discerning guests, with private luxury properties. Founded on the promise of exclusivity and complete privacy, ABOVE manages only the country’s finest and most exclusive homes and estates available for lease.  

ABOVE’s concept and unique approach to home and estate rentals can only be found in the management of the world's pinnacle and iconic hotels.  Our process is designed to match the most discerning guests, with the appropriate homeowners, whilst delighting both through our unique and proprietary experiences.

How We Are Different.

Each home represented can only be approved by our Standards Selection Board, in turn most home applications received are not able to join ABOVE. This intense, 250-point process insures our homes meet ABOVE’s strict and uncompromising luxury standards.  This impartial, standards driven, demanding process separates ABOVE from the all vacation rental companies today.  Tight and uncompromising controls gives our guests the quality, confidence, and comfort they require.  

Formed by three luxury hospitality veterans, and guided by a private 5-Diamond hotel company, ABOVE’s guests and owners appreciate the uncommonly high level of standardization of amenities, concierge and travel services, event planning, and that true attention missing in today's vacation property experiences.

If you and your group are looking for an exceptional level of quality and experience in a vacation rental, we invite you to visit our signature homes. 

If you are an owner of a unique and one-of-a-kind property that would like to apply to the ABOVE portfolio, please reach out to us. 

We would love to hear from you. 

ABOVE-Curators of Exceptional Guest & Owner Experiences.
My work: Hospitality Pro
Fun fact: Our company began in our founders house.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
161 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting