URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/30673584
Latitude: 36.17588
Longitude: -86.78151
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay near it all,  Heart of Music City -  free parking, 1 mi to Downtown Broadway Honky Tonks, pool, gym equipment & laundry facilities.  

We provide the necessities, you bring the boots!  North of the Capital, 2 blocks from Nashville Sounds Baseball Park & Germantown hangouts, 1 mile to Titans Nissan stadium, 1 mile to all the Broadway fun. 

5-STAR clean, great reviews, comfy & convenient to all things Nashville!   Perfect home base for your visit.

The space
Everything you need without outrageous hotel rates!  Clean linens, coffee/tea, microwave, oven, full size fridge and small appliances including an iron and hair dryers.  2 smart TVs with YouTubeTV for network/ESPN, etc., Netflix/etc with you login along with FREE Wifi and FREE PARKING.  

LOCATION 5-10 minutes to all the different areas of downtown! Everything is close and convenient but quiet when you are ready to shut it down. 1 king bed and 1 queen sofa sleeper with luxury PlushBeds Natural Latex mattress. (twin Air mattress available upon request).

Entire unit remodel Spring 2021.  Come stay with us!

Guest access
FREE PARKING in front of unit plus additional covered parking available on site at no charge.   Gym and laundry facilities available to guest in complex, we even provide laundry essentials.  

Enjoy our complex outdoor POOL riverfront side, open April-October. Enjoy the on-site fire pit during cool nights. 

Key pad provides stress free self checkin and no keys or key card to keep track of!

Other things to note
We are local host and grew up in Nashville.  We are happy to help share any info you might need to plan your Nashville getaway.   Arts, History, Honky Tonks, Music, Nightlife, Restaurants, Services, Shopping, Sports, Tourism, and more all here ready for you. 

Please note:  
1.  Metro Nashville STR codes requires the principal renter shall be at least 21 years of age or older. 

2.  You must book Friday and Saturday night together unless you are booking 4 days or more.  If you are unsure, please ask or send an inquiry. 

3.  Pool normally open April through Sept but confirm when booking.

4.  Your main responsibility is to have FUN - We do ask guest to follow our checkout guidelines provided in the condo for your convenience.  These are simple tasks like take out your own trash, run the dishwasher and towels in the tub. Your cooperation is essential to ensure we maintain great rates and quick turnaround times for all. 

DID YOU KNOW?  
Nashville is one of America's Friendliest City.  Bob Villa first reported budding crooners and country megastars flock to—and are embraced by—Music City, the fourth friendliest city in the country according to Condé Nast Traveler. While the concert halls and stages of Nashville feel larger than life, the city retains a small-town feel. 

Lonely Planet ranked Nashville 8th in World for friendliest city destination. Why? Because it boasts Southern charm by the bucketloads, a lively music scene and friendly locals. Big7Travel Ranked Tennessee 2nd Friendliest state: that classic Southern charm is in full swing in Tennessee, where locals have a buzzing attitude and an eagerness to show off their city to visitors from wide & far. Add in the lively music scene and it’s clear why it’s one of the most fun & friendly cities in America.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Donna
Host User ID: 73602055
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/73602055
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I love to travel, attend concerts and all things Nashville!! Knowing Nashville is my business so I can help you every step of the way. Although I am a Louisiana native,  I've lived in TN for 30+ years, sans 2 years in Belgium.   So far I've been to 32 states, 20 countries and 3 continents.  I have 3 teens, 2 pups, community volunteer and enjoy a cup of coffee each morning.  I hope to make your stay a positive and enjoyable experience.  Don't hesitate to send questions my way.  If I don't know the answer I'll find out for you.  As one that enjoys vacations, i know what travelers want.  Choose our place and plan to have an amazing visit while staying in Nashville. I hope to earn your repeat business and referrals.  I have high expectations and high standards.   You deserve a host that takes pride in their Superhost status and works hard to earn a 5star rating.  I appreciate your feedback and a review after staying at our place.  Enjoy Music City at Music City Sounds Good!!
My work: Real Estate & Hospitality
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
8 years hosting
366 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting