URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1774869791452069948
Latitude: 36.2093
Longitude: -86.739
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 5
beds: 9
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Juniper & Jukebox! 🎶 

Sleeps 16 across five bedrooms, with everything you need under one roof. A game room, karaoke stage, luxurious movie theatre, and a rooftop dining area with a grill and firepit. There's a workout space for the mornings you mean to be good, and seating everywhere for the nights you don't. Broadway is minutes away, but most groups find they never want to leave!

The space
𝐁𝐫𝐚𝐧𝐝-𝐍𝐞𝐰 𝐋𝐢𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠, 𝐁𝐞𝐚𝐮𝐭𝐢𝐟𝐮𝐥𝐥𝐲 𝐃𝐞𝐬𝐢𝐠𝐧𝐞𝐝!
This home features brand-new furnishings and a fresh, thoughtfully designed interior. It’s professionally managed by Stay Nashville, LLC, a trusted local property management company with 20+ properties and more than 2,000 five-star reviews. Book with confidence and enjoy a stay backed by an experienced team!

𝐋𝐮𝐱𝐮𝐫𝐲 𝐍𝐚𝐬𝐡𝐯𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐞 𝐑𝐞𝐭𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭 | 𝟓 𝐛𝐞𝐝𝐫𝐨𝐨𝐦 | 𝟗 𝐛𝐞𝐝𝐬 | 𝐇𝐮𝐠𝐞 𝐑𝐨𝐨𝐟𝐭𝐨𝐩 | 𝐓𝐡𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐫 & 𝐆𝐚𝐦𝐞 𝐑𝐨𝐨𝐦
★ Designer home with upscale finishes and group-friendly spaces
★ Private rooftop terrace with grill, outdoor bar, dining, firepit, and seating
★ Sleeps large groups comfortably with 9 beds
★ Dedicated movie theater plus game room with jukebox, arcade games, shuffleboard, and foosball
★ Free street parking available
★ Located in vibrant East Nashville
★ Quick rideshare access to Broadway, downtown, Nissan Stadium, and Nashville’s best dining and nightlife

Welcome to your stylish Nashville home base—an expansive, professionally designed retreat built for memorable group getaways, family trips, celebrations, and corporate stays.

Spread across four levels, this home pairs high-end design with serious entertainment: unwind in the private movie theater, challenge your group in the game room, gather around the large dining table, or take the party upstairs to the rooftop terrace for drinks, grilling, and sunset views.

Inside, you’ll find hardwood floors, granite countertops, stainless-steel appliances, custom lighting, comfortable furnishings, and plenty of room for everyone to spread out.

------𝐓𝐡𝐞 S𝐩𝐚𝐜𝐞-----
Entry level
• Game room with jukebox, arcade games, shuffleboard, foosball, and lounge seating
• Private movie theater for group movie nights
• Bedroom 5 with four double beds and a private en-suite bathroom

Second floor
• Fully equipped modern kitchen with stainless-steel appliances, stovetop, cookware, dishes, and entertaining essentials
• Full dining room for shared meals and celebrations
• Spacious living room with large Smart TV and ample seating
• Bedroom 4 with queen-over-queen bunk beds
• Full bathroom

Third floor
• Bedroom 1 with king bed and private en-suite bathroom
• Bedroom 2 with king bed and private en-suite bathroom
• Bedroom 3 with queen bed
• Additional full bathroom

Fourth floor
• Private rooftop terrace
• Outdoor bar
• Dining table and plenty of lounge seating
• Firepit
• Grill
• Workout area

𝐀𝐦𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐞𝐬 𝐠𝐮𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐬 𝐥𝐨𝐯𝐞!
✔ Fully stocked kitchen for cooking, cocktails, and group meals
✔ Private movie theater and a full game room for entertainment without leaving home
✔ Multiple Smart TVs for streaming your favorite shows, sports, and movies
✔ Spacious rooftop terrace for grilling, gathering, and enjoying Nashville evenings
✔ Comfortable bedroom setup for families, couples’ trips, friend groups, bachelor/bachelorette weekends, and corporate stays
✔ Free street parking available

Many Nashville rentals may offer a place to sleep, but this home is designed to be part of the trip. With multiple entertainment spaces, a private rooftop, and room for the whole group, you can make the most of your Nashville stay before you even head out for the night.

𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧:
You’ll be staying in East Nashville, a lively area close to downtown known for its independent restaurants, coffee shops, bars, breweries, music venues, and creative local character. The home is near local favorites including Eastside Bowl, East Nashville Brew Works, The Fox, and Crazy Gnome Brewery; FAB Pizza is also immediately nearby on West Kirkland Avenue.

The location makes it easy to explore both East Nashville and the city’s headline attractions. Grab coffee or brunch nearby, enjoy a local brewery or live music venue, then use Uber or Lyft for a convenient ride to Broadway, downtown, the Country Music Hall of Fame area, Nissan Stadium, Germantown, and The Gulch.

𝐍𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐛𝐲 𝐡𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐥𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭𝐬 𝐢𝐧𝐜𝐥𝐮𝐝𝐞:
East Nashville restaurants, coffee shops, breweries, and nightlife

Eastside Bowl for bowling, live music, food, and drinks

East Nashville Brew Works and other neighborhood breweries

Downtown Nashville and Broadway honky-tonks via a short rideshare

Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, and major downtown events

Easy access to local markets, grocery options, and everyday essentials

Whether you’re here to celebrate, catch a concert, explore Music City, or simply reconnect with your favorite people, this home gives your group the space, style, and location to do Nashville right.

Guest access
You'll receive a personalized access code before check-in for smooth, keyless entry. During your stay, you’ll have full access to the entire home — all living spaces, bedrooms, and the rooftop terrace are yours to enjoy. Access will start at 4pm day of check-in and expire at 10am day of check-out. Early check-ins and late check-outs may be available for an additional fee - ask us in advance! There will be a locked owner's closet, please do not open.

Other things to note
Professional photos coming soon!

FREE PARKING:
Free street parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis, with approximately 20–30 spaces. Please note that garage parking is not available.

LARGE HOME/9 TOTAL BEDS:
Please confirm total number of guests with us up front. All guests and visitors must be pre-approved in advance. 

CHECK-IN: 4PM & CHECK-OUT 10AM:
We may be able to provide an early check-in or a late check-out for an additional fee only if our schedule allows and hosts pre-approve in advance. The early check-in or late check-out additional accommodations start at $200. Please ask and pre-arrange in advance. 

NO LOCALS:
We do not rent to locals who live Nashville or who live within 60 miles. Please do not book our home if you are local or plan to have locals visiting. We reserve the right to cancel any reservation without refund of any local who books our home. In limited circumstances, exceptions may be considered. If you believe your situation qualifies, please send us an inquiry with details prior to booking.

GUESTS WILL NEED TO USE STAIRS:
This 4-story home has many stairs. Guests will need to use stairs during their stay. We are happy to host children, but it's important to note that our home is not childproofed and has many stairs. Please supervise children at all times.

A lot of time, care, and money has been put into this home that we LOVE. We only want to have the best guests who will respect our property and neighbors. If you've made it this far on the listing and have questions, please send us an inquiry! -Calvin, Dylan, and Allie w/ Stay Nashville, LLC

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dylan
Host User ID: 667320951
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/667320951
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lead Property Manager for Stay Nashville, LLC. 

A bit about me, I’m married to my beautiful wife Rylee and we have a daughter named Mabel. I’m passionate about my church, Holy Saints, CrossFit, and enjoying life to the fullest. I love to read, explore new ideas, and explore new places, especially when it means being outdoors. My faith is my foundation, and I strive to live for the Lord daily. Life’s a thrilling ride, and I’m here to embrace it all with gratitude!.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Lipscomb University
2 years hosting