URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/48201854
Latitude: 36.1548
Longitude: -86.8204
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This modern townhome is within walking distance to some of the trendiest spots in the city. The open-concept floor plan is perfect for large families, groups of friends, or business travelers, and each level has stunning designer finishes. The rooftop lounge offers 360-degree skyline views that provide the perfect backdrop for your Nashville trip. Pets are welcome.

10 Min Drive to Country Music Hall of Fame & Museum
5 Min Drive to Parthenon 
4 Min Walk to OneC1ty
Experience Nashville With Us

The space
KEY FEATURES:
☀ 4 large bedrooms; 1 king, 2 queens, 1 queen bunk bed + 3 singles 
☀ 4.5 bathrooms- tub/shower combos, soaking tubs, + walk-in showers
☀ Fully equipped kitchen area w/ formal dining area, grill
☀ Beautifully decorated living room
☀ Rooftop lounge w/ unobstructed views of Nashville skyline
☀ 5 levels of living space
☀ 2 car garage w/L2 EV Charger
☀ Pets Friendly

Here Are A Few Kind Words From Our Past Guests:

“Everything was exactly as advertised. We had a great time staying here! Plenty of beds for everyone and the rooftop is such a lovely place to hang out after hitting the town. Sheng communicated everything flawlessly and really made our stay as comfortable as possible.”- Angela

“A great place for our family vacation! We enjoyed every day in Nashville. Sheng is an exceptional host.”- Leslie

“Cannot say enough good things about our stay. The house is absolutely beautiful and spacious. We were a party of 12 and never once felt like we were on top of each other. The location of the house is a quick Uber/Lyft away from all the bars which was perfect. Sheng and Mary make your stay so comfortable and respond extremely quickly if you have any questions. Highly recommend staying with them! We will definitely be staying with them when we come back!!”- Sierra

☆☆ BEDROOMS ☆☆
This five-level townhome has bedrooms on the second, third, and fourth levels. There are four bedrooms and a total of ten beds. The master suite is located on the fourth floor and is decorated with a bold blend of dark blues and grays. It features a king-sized bed with name-brand linens, cozy accent blankets, room darkening shades, hardwood floors, two closets, and a sleek flat-screen TV mounted on the wall. 

The other bedrooms have their own stunning decor and draw from a color palette of blue, white, and gray. Each room is furnished with high-end mattresses that will ensure you have a comfy night’s sleep. Bedroom two has a queen-size bunk bed along with a single bed and trundle. The remaining spacious rooms are queen suites. Additional guests can be accommodated on the couch in the living room, which pulls out into a queen-size bed. 

☆☆ BATHROOMS ☆☆
There are four and a half bathrooms spread out over the five levels of this home, so no need to worry about having to wait for your turn when you’re part of a large group. Most of the bathrooms have a tub/shower combo and mirrored vanities that are stocked with bathroom essentials like hair dryers, plush towels, makeup mirrors, and spa-quality soaps, shampoos, and conditioners. With a combination of glass and chrome accents, earthy color tones, and designer finishes, each bathroom is designed to give guests a clean, comfortable, and elegant place to relax after a busy day. The master bathroom feels more like a spa than a traditional bathroom and is complete with a gorgeous walk-in shower behind glass doors. 

 ☆☆ KITCHEN & LOUNGE ☆☆
If you're coming to Nashville with a big group, you'll want a space that has a kitchen that can accommodate everybody. This recently updated space features name-brand appliances, stunning countertops, and black custom cabinets that pop in the mostly-white kitchen. 

The drawers and cabinets are stocked with plenty of dishes, cookware, coffee mugs, wine glasses, and other kitchen essentials. The sleek kitchen Has a gorgeous center island that doubles as a breakfast bar. Small details like decorative hanging light fixtures, hardwood floors, and high ceilings create a beautiful and functional space that will serve the whole group.

The kitchen transitions effortlessly into a cozy breakfast nook, tucked in an alcove of windows. This dining area gives off a warm and welcoming southern vibe and is complete with a bold accent wall, sparkling chandelier, wooden table and seating for three on the built-in sun bench. When you’re not eating a quick breakfast here, use this space to open up your computer, connect to the wifi, and get some work done. 

The main living room is a stylish and comfortable lounge area. Deep blues and grays combined with charming hardwood floors, locally inspired artwork, name-brand furniture, and a sleek flat-screen create a modern yet classic living space. Sit together on the plush sofa or deep armchairs and watch a movie, or open up the curtains, let the light in, turn up the music and play games all afternoon. No matter what you want to do to relax, this living room is the perfect place for it. 

☆☆ OUTSIDE SPACE ☆☆
The rooftop deck is what draws most travelers to this luxurious townhome. This spacious and private outdoor entertainment area offers 360-degree views of the iconic Nashville skyline, ultra-comfortable furniture, and a glowing fire pit. After a fun day of exploring the city, sit together with your favorite cocktails and your vacation playlist turned up for a fun way to end the day. Up here you can take the ultimate family photo, catch a nap in the sun, or bring your laptop and work from the coolest office in Nashville. Details like bold accent pillows, locally-inspired artwork, house plants, and a separate dining area add to the rooftop lounge, and it will easily become your favorite spot in the house. 

★☆ Book Today & Let Us Take Care Of You In Nashville! ☆★

Guest access
When you make this five-story townhouse part of your Nashville vacation, you have the entire place to yourself. You will be given a unique key code to access the lockbox on the front door, and you can park in the 2-car garage or use the street parking nearby. You can use all the rooms and amenities in the home, and the host is always available to answer your questions. 

From here you're just minutes to the local grocery stores, some of Nashville's most talked-about restaurants and nightlife venues, coffee shops, and hiking trails. You're also just minutes from some of Nashville's most iconic attractions, including the Country Music Hall of Fame & Museum and Downtown Nashville.

Other things to note
We strive to be flexible and accommodate guests' early check in and/or later check out request. However each request will require approval from owner with at least 48 hours notice.

Make your stay easier with our complimentary baby gear essentials:
-Baby gates
-High chairs
Just let us know what you need at least 10 days before arriving, and we'll have it all placed at your property for your stay with us.

We welcome Pets and please inform us the type of Pets in advance. There is a 50 pound weight limit.

The rollaway single beds and day beds are not shown in the listing pictures.

There are a lot stairs for this townhome so be mindful when booking.

Registration Details
2021011023

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sheng Yang
Host User ID: 151927140
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/151927140
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I live in Nashville and really enjoy both the city and the beautiful mountains in Middle Tennessee with my family. For years, I have traveled the country for work, and finally acquired a few places for my family. To me, those properties are special family gathering places to retain the memory with my children as they grow up. Thanks to AirBnB, I now can share these unique family assets and experiences with the world. By collaborating with my kids, I am also leading them to learn how to earn trust and build a business in real world. 
For the listing, my priority is to make a wonderful experience for you. I have worked hard to tune the properties I own for your enjoyment. I welcome any feedback as it helps grow my family business. I look forward to connecting with you in Middle Tennessee!
Born in the 70s
My work: Energy Transition
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
784 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting