URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1655176617625709707
Latitude: 36.17962045804829
Longitude: -86.80632516125661
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
6 mins to Broadway. Spacious layout. Beautiful design. Rooftop lounge with karaoke, stage, and games. Built for unforgettable group stays!

Welcome to The Reverie by Elevay & Co. — a modern home designed for groups who want to be close to everything, without feeling stuck in the middle of it. Whether you're here for a birthday, bachelorette, or a weekend in Nashville, this place just works.

The space
Please note the bed count listed below is correct! We have swapped some of the beds in these rooms for optimizing the flow of the home! This is one of those stays that feels right as soon as you walk in and even better once you settle in.

Imagine staying just minutes from Broadway and downtown — where you can go out and explore, then come back to your own private rooftop lounge. Sing karaoke, hang out on the stage, play games, and enjoy a space that makes it easy to keep the night going without leaving home. There's also additional games located in the garage such as darts, life size connect four, and more!

Elegant design paired with comfy beds and a spacious layout — ideal for large groups and bach parties, with easy access to downtown and a rooftop space made for relaxing, playing, and making memories.

✨ What You’ll Love

Spacious multi-level layout — easy for groups to spread out and still stay connected
Large kitchen + island seating for group meals and drinks
Coffee bar (drip + Keurig) for easy mornings
6 minutes to Broadway, downtown, top restaurants & nightlife
Early check-in & late check-out when available

Welcome to The Reverie by Elevay & Co. — Start your day with coffee and a slow morning, then move through the home with plenty of space to hang out, get ready, or reset between plans.

The layout flows easily from one level to the next — open living areas, a large kitchen for gathering, and multiple spots for your group to break off without feeling disconnected.

When you're back from downtown, the rooftop lounge becomes the natural place to land. It’s easy, open, and set up for good conversations and a relaxed end to the night.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (4 Bedrooms, 3.5 Bathrooms)
Set up so everyone has their own space to recharge.
Bedroom 1: One King bed
 Bedroom 2: One King bed 
 Bedroom 3: Two Full beds
 Bedroom 4: One Full, One bunk (twin over full)
3.5 bathrooms total — no waiting, no overlap. Tons of space!

☕ Eat, Sip & Unwind
- Mornings start at the coffee bar with everything you need — whether you're up early or easing into the day.
- The kitchen is fully equipped with plenty of prep space, seating, and everything needed for group meals or quick bites before heading out.
- In the evening, head up to the rooftop to wind down, catch some air, and hang with your crew.

🚶 Nearby Favorites:
• Sift – local bakery 
 • Bag Lady’s Fry Joint – comfort food favorite
 • The Loading Dock – laid-back brunch café
 • Tio Fun – creative Mexican eats
 • Slim & Husky’s – local pizza spot

📍 Location Highlights:
• 6 min to Broadway (nightlife & live music)
• 3 min to Germantown restaurants & shops
• 8 min to Nissan Stadium & Topgolf
• 10 min to 12 South
• 14 min to BNA Airport
• 18 min to Grand Ole Opry

Close to everything, while still having your own space to come back to.

🚗 Parking
This home offers 2 parking spots inside the 2 car garage, with additional 2 car parking spaces in front of the garage.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge, kitchen, living areas, bedrooms, and bathrooms.

Don't forget that your host, Elevay & Co., is also a local who's eager to help you find your next favorite restaurant in Nashville.

Other things to note
The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

STRP #2024055000

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting