URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1679936363604755860
Latitude: 36.19542746399806
Longitude: -86.77396561532468
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 8
occupancy: 14
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Picture your crew on the rooftop — putter in hand, grill going, Nashville skyline glowing from the firepit. This whiskey-inspired 3-bedroom sleeps 14 and sits just 8 minutes from Broadway. Inside, TVs in every bedroom, foosball, and games keep the downtime fun. It's the perfect home base for bachelorettes, birthdays, and group getaways — all the access to downtown, none of the downtown prices. Book now and lock in the rooftop your group will be talking about long after the trip ends.

The space
Level One:
The first floor features a one-car garage, a living room with a king-sized sleeper sofa and TV, a fully stocked kitchen, and a half bathroom — perfect for grabbing snacks or hosting a pregame before heading downtown. Parking includes one garage spot, one driveway spot, and free street parking out front, so the whole crew has room to pull in.

Level Two:
The second level is the bedroom hub: three bedrooms, two full bathrooms (one en-suite), and the laundry room. The primary bedroom is your group's MVP setup — king-sized bed, futon, private balcony, and en-suite bathroom. Both guest bedrooms have queen-sized beds, giving couples and pairs their own space. Every bedroom has a TV, and the washer/dryer (Tide Pods provided) is right on this floor so you can refresh between nights out. Bathroom essentials are stocked and ready.

Level Three:
The third level is where the trip happens. A large lounge with a wet bar, TV, foosball, and games gives the group a place to gather between adventures — and it doubles as flexible sleeping with a king-sized sleeper sofa, a futon, and two twin beds for overflow guests. Sliding doors open onto the rooftop, where you'll find a putting green, gas grill, gas firepit, ample seating, and skyline views worth every photo.

Stay Essentials:
Free high-speed WiFi throughout. Smart lock entry with a unique code for your stay. Bag drop, early check-in, and late check-out available on request.

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire home except for a locked owner's closet. Before arrival, you'll receive a four-digit code to enter through our Schlage Encode smart lock. There's also an on-site lockbox as a backup in case of any smart lock issues, plus 24/7 customer support to make sure you're never locked out.

Other things to note
We are the following minutes away from these destinations by car:
🤠 8 minutes from Broadway, Ryman Auditorium, Nissan Stadium & Bridgestone Arena
🤠 12 minutes from Grand Ole Opry & Opry Mills Mall
🤠 10 minutes from the Nashville International Airport (BNA)
🤠 8 minutes from Geodis Park (Home to Nashville SC)
🤠 10 minutes from Belmont University
🤠 10 minutes from Vanderbilt University

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jake And Maddie
Host User ID: 493358474
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/493358474
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We're a Nashville couple with Midwest roots who met in college and have been building a life — and a business — together ever since. For the past five years, we've run a real estate company side by side, so taking care of a home and making guests feel welcome is something we genuinely care about. We have a sweet dog and a baby on the way, which means our house is full of love (and a little organized chaos). We love Nashville, and we're happy to share our favorite local spots — just ask!
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Illinois
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 months hosting
48 reviews
4.56 out of 5 average rating
5 months of hosting