URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1293892137051139059
Latitude: 36.1808
Longitude: -86.7935
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in one of Nashville’s few original historic homes in vibrant Germantown, just 5 mins from Broadway. This beautifully updated retreat features hardwood floors, modern kitchen, spacious living & dining areas & a large backyard with games and string lights. Enjoy ultra-fast Wi-Fi, dedicated workspaces, in-unit laundry, and easy access to top dining, nightlife, and attractions. Perfect for families, groups, and business travelers seeking comfort and convenience. Book your convenient stay now!

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.  

ACCESS TYPE:
▻ Guests will have an access to the entire home

HOME LAYOUT:
▻ Living room- Spacious living area with a 55” smart TV and a comfortable sofa set
▻ Kitchen- features complete silverware, and modern and new kitchen appliances (including microwave, coffee maker, dishwasher, toaster, etc)
▻ 1 full bathroom with bathtub, shower, and toiletries
▻ Bedroom 1- featuring one queen-sized bed and a 43" smart TV
▻ Bedroom 2- featuring one queen-sized bed and a 43" smart TV
▻ Bedroom 3- featuring one queen-sized bed and a 55" smart TV

LOCATION:
In addition to only being a minute's walk from some of the best shopping and dining like Rolf and Daughters, Monell's, 5th and Taylor and Butchertown Hall, you're a short drive away from other key hot spots in Nashville:
▻ Broadway/Downtown (5-7 mins)
▻ East Nashville (5-7 mins)
▻ The Gulch (6-8 mins)
▻ Vanderbilt (6-9 mins)
▻ Hillsboro Village (7-10 mins)
▻ 12 South Neighborhood (10-12 mins)

HIGHLIGHTS:
▻ Private backyard with outdoor games and string bistro lighting
▻ Although the home is pet-friendly, but please be informed that the backyard is not fenced
▻ Historic interior design highlighted by two art galleries displaying Nashville through the years
▻ TVs available in all bedrooms
▻ Washer and dryer in the unit
▻ Modern and new kitchen appliances
▻ Self check-in process with Smart lock
▻ Group and family- friendly, Per-Friendly, Fun-Friendly!
▻ Perfect for digital nomads and people working from home!

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ This home is a single-floor home, with a few steps to the front door

Guest access
PARKING:
  ▻Plenty of street parking available
 

 ENTERING THE HOME:
  ▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In Using a Smart Lock with a Unique Code Per Guest

Other things to note
HOUSE RULES:

(Designed for a clean, comfortable, and respectful stay)

We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained. As this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property, minor signs of age may be present. If anything needs attention during your stay, please let us know and we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit.

Respect the Home
- Please treat the home as you would your own.
- The home is equipped with essential electronics that support operations. Please do not unplug any connected devices.
- Guests are responsible for any damages or loss and should report them immediately so we can resolve matters quickly.

Respect the Neighbors
- No parties or events.
- Quiet hours are observed between 10:00 PM and 8:00 AM.
- Please keep noise and activity neighbor-friendly at all times.
- Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

Health & Cleanliness
- No smoking inside the home or on the property.
- Pets are welcome. A $140 non-refundable pet fee applies and an additional $50 fee applies for each additional pet. These fees go toward extra deep cleaning. Guests are responsible for cleaning up after their pets.

Check-In & Check-Out
- Early check-in: We’ll do our best to accommodate when possible. Same-day requests depend on our cleaning schedule. To guarantee early check-in, booking the prior night (if available) is recommended.
- Late check-out: Requests must be made by the day before departure.. To guarantee a late check-out, booking the following night is recommended. Unapproved late check-outs may incur additional charges, and departures at 12:00 PM or later may be considered an extra night’s stay.

POLICIES:
- Luggage drop may be available with prior host approval.
- Third-party bookings are not permitted. Guests must book for themselves.
- Forgot something? We can mail items back upon request for a handling and shipping fee.
- Cancellation: To receive a full refund, cancellations must be made within 24 hours before check-in. Cancellations after this window will be charged according to the number of nights stayed.

Safety & Security
- EXTERIOR security cameras are installed above the front door and back door.

By booking this property, you agree to follow the house rules and policies outlined above. Significant violations, unreported damages, or failure to comply with house rules may result in additional charges in accordance with Airbnb’s policies.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1659 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting