URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1469723355074504446
Latitude: 36.16564
Longitude: -86.83636
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 12
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Two luxurious & fabulous homes, 2 pools, one epic stay! This 8-bdrm, 8-bath retreat blends speakeasy vibes, funky design, a game room, karaoke, & a dance floor—perfect for big groups. Lounge by two private pools, challenge friends to pickleball or other games, & soak up Nashville’s energy!

Just steps from The Nations, walk to trendy cafés, bars, & live music, or make the 8 min drive to the neon lights of Broadway. With endless entertainment inside & out, this is the ultimate Music City getaway!

The space
These luxurious homes offer the perfect mix of bold design and top-tier amenities, creating the ultimate home base for your Nashville experience! With 8 bedrooms, 8 bathrooms, 2 private pools, 2 professional pickleball courts, 2 hot tubs, and endless entertainment spaces, this dynamic getaway is designed for groups ready to turn every moment into an unforgettable experience—whether you're celebrating, unwinding, or making memories that last a lifetime!

Thoughtfully Designed Layout

First Floors:
❖ House 1: Step into a speakeasy-inspired lounge featuring cozy seating, a shuffleboard table, and a lively karaoke and dance floor, setting the stage for endless fun.
❖ House 2: Experience the ultimate game room with a pool table, poker table, and a music-inspired speakeasy lounge equipped with a keyboard and acoustic guitar, perfect for casual jam sessions or relaxed evenings. 

Second Floors:
❖ Open-concept living, kitchen, and dining areas provide a spacious and inviting atmosphere for socializing and enjoying meals together. A private bedroom with an en-suite bathroom in each home offers a quiet and comfortable space to relax and recharge.
Third Floors:
❖ Each home features three additional bedrooms, all with their own private bathrooms, ensuring every guest enjoys comfort and privacy during their stay.

Unmatched Amenities

❖ Karaoke & Dance Floor: With a stage, microphones, a vibrant mural backdrop, and a foosball coffee table, this energetic space is perfect for singing your heart out and dancing the night away.

❖ Game Room: A lively and inviting space with a pool table, poker table with seating, and a smart TV—designed for hours of fun and entertainment.

❖ Speakeasy Lounges:

House 1: A beautifully designed lounge with elegant decor, comfortable seating, and a shuffleboard table—perfect for unwinding in style.
House 2: Music-inspired space with a keyboard and acoustic guitar for impromptu jam sessions.

❖ Living Rooms: Smart TVs, sectional sofas, chaise lounges, and additional seating for a cozy yet stylish setting.

❖ Dining & Kitchen Areas: Each home features an island-inspired dining table with seating for eight, plus four additional bar stools at the kitchen island—perfect for shared meals and lively conversations. Chef-inspired kitchens featuring high-end appliances, quality cookware, and generous counter space—designed for effortless meal preparation and entertaining.

❖ The Ultimate Backyard Experience

Each home features its own:

◈ Private Pool: Take a refreshing dip in your own pool.
◈ Pickleball Court: Experience the thrill of a professional pickleball court—a rare amenity that makes your stay truly unique!
◈ Hot Tub: Unwind under the stars in a bubbling hot tub.
◈ Fire Pit Bar:  Gather around for late-night stories and cocktails.
◈ Outdoor TV & Seating: Enjoy movies or game nights alfresco.
◈ Ping Pong Table: Enjoy some competitive fun with friends and family.
◈ Ample Seating: Lounge and relax in thoughtfully arranged outdoor spaces.

There is a 40-foot electric gate between the properties, giving you both privacy and connection, so you can easily tailor your experience to suit your group's needs.

Bedroom and Bathroom Details

House 1

◈ Bedroom 1 (Second Floor): A stylish sanctuary featuring a king bed, a striking accent wall, a smart TV, and an en-suite bath with a walk-in shower—perfect for unwinding after a day in the city. 

◈ Bedroom 2 (Third Floor): A refined retreat with a king bed, elegant decor, a smart TV, and an en-suite bath with a walk-in shower—offering both comfort and sophistication. 

◈ Bedroom 3 (Third Floor): Spacious and versatile, this room features two queen beds, a desk and chair for work or planning, and a private bath with a standing shower and double sinks for added convenience. 

◈ Bedroom 4 (Third Floor): A fun and functional space with a queen-over-queen bunk bed, a desk and chair, and a private bath with a standing shower—ideal for families or groups traveling together.

House 2

◈ Bedroom 1 (Second Floor): A welcoming and artful space featuring a king bed, bold decor, a smart TV, and an en-suite bath with a walk-in shower—offering both comfort and character.

◈ Bedroom 2 (Third Floor): A serene escape featuring a king bed, soft ambient lighting, a smart TV, and an en-suite bath with a walk-in shower—designed for comfort and relaxation.

◈ Bedroom 3 (Third Floor): A well-appointed room with two comfortable queen beds, a desk and chair, and a private bath with a standing shower and double sinks—perfect for both relaxation and productivity. 

◈ Bedroom 4 (Third Floor): A vibrant and cozy space with a queen-over-queen bunk bed, a desk, and a private bath with a standing shower—great for group stays and late-night chats.

Fantastic Location

◈ Walking distance to The Nations, a trendy neighborhood filled with top-rated restaurants, breweries, and boutiques, such as Frothy Monkey, 51st Deli, Nicky’s Coal Fired, Maru Nations, and Southern Grist Brewing Co, to name a few.
◈ Nearby parks and green spaces, including England Park.
◈ A short 10-minute drive to Downtown Nashville, where you can explore Broadway, live music venues, and iconic attractions.

This luxurious Nashville getaway offers the perfect combination of bold design and top-tier amenities! Whether you're planning a lively celebration, a relaxing retreat, or a bit of both, these dynamic homes provide everything you need to create unforgettable memories. With striking interiors and unbeatable entertainment options, it's the ideal base for your Music City adventure. 
Book now and experience the best of Nashville in a space that’s as vibrant and unique as the city itself!

Guest access
During your stay, you'll have exclusive access to two homes, each with expansive backyards, ensuring both privacy and a luxurious experience. From the moment you arrive, the spaces are yours to enjoy—whether you're relaxing in the peaceful ambiance or making memories with those closest to you. With no shared spaces, you can unwind in comfort and embrace the ultimate getaway!

Other things to note
ATTENTION LOCAL GUESTS: All locals must send an 'inquiry' first using the 'Message Host' option on the booking page to state the purpose of your visit, so we can check to see if we would be able to accommodate your stay; otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel any confirmed reservation made without our approval.

The heated pool fee is $100 per pool per night. The pool can be heated to about 20-25 degrees above the ambient temperature; please keep in mind that when the weather is cooler may not be as warm as you might expect. For example, if the ambient nightly temperature is only 55 degrees, then the pool might heat up to 75-80 degrees. We recommend that the pool be heated in the months between October to May each year. We require at least a 3-day notice before your arrival if you'd like the pool heated. The pool must be heated for the entirety of your stay.

Every Wednesday, the pool and spa company does come by the home to check the levels on the pool and spa and to clean and treat them. They typically come around 11am and won’t disturb you other than needing to access the back yard.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4599 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting