URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1472966352958926134
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in a rare top-floor corner suite in Downtown Nashville, just steps from Broadway and SoBro's best attractions. Enjoy floor-to-ceiling views, a private balcony, dedicated workspace, luxury amenities, and access to a heated pool, fitness center, sky lounge, and coworking spaces. Perfect for workcations, weekend getaways, concerts, and extended stays. Relax, recharge, and experience Music City from one of Nashville's most sought-after locations.

The space
Rare Top Floor Corner Suite

Welcome to your Downtown Nashville retreat, perfectly positioned in the heart of SoBro and within walking distance of Broadway, live music, restaurants, and entertainment.

Apartment Features

🌇 Private balcony with seating and picnic basket set

🛏️ Memory foam mattress for exceptional comfort

🍳 Full kitchen with premium appliances

☕ Espresso maker and Keurig with complimentary coffee and tea

🛁 Bathtub tray for a spa-inspired experience

💼 Dedicated workspace for remote work and productivity

📶 Fast, reliable WiFi

🎵 Record player for relaxing evenings

📺 Smart TV with streaming apps

🧺 In-unit washer and dryer

🧴 Complimentary toiletries

🏖️ Extra bath and pool towels

🍸 Cocktail kit for craft drinks

🎲 Card games for entertaining nights in

🧳 Luggage racks for easy organization

👗 Full-length mirror, iron, and steamer

🌡️ Central heating and air conditioning

😴 Sound machines for restful sleep

Location Highlights

🎸 Broadway nightlife and live music

🍽️ Restaurants, bars, and local hotspots

🏟️ Bridgestone Arena

🎤 Music City Center

🏙️ Downtown Nashville attractions

Guest access
Guests will have full private access to the apartment and shared access to the building's luxury amenities.

Amenities include:

🏊 Heated outdoor pool

🌆 Sky lounge with panoramic downtown views

💪 24-hour fitness center

🧘 Yoga studio and climbing wall

🔥 Courtyard with fire pits and grills

💼 Two-story coworking and event space

🛎️ On-site concierge services

🧳 Baggage bellhop service

🔒 24/7 maintenance and security

🚗 Paid parking available in the parking garage.

Pool Hours: 10:00 AM – 8:00 PM

Courtyard Hours: 10:00 AM – 10:00 PM

Flexible early check-in and late check-out may be available for an additional fee upon request.

Other things to note
Located in the heart of Downtown Nashville, you'll be close to live music, events, restaurants, and nightlife. Some city noise may occasionally be experienced due to the property's prime location.

Building amenities and common areas are managed by the property management team and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance or unforeseen circumstances. Refunds cannot be provided for temporary amenity closures.

We are committed to making your stay as enjoyable as possible and are always happy to assist with any questions before or during your visit.

Registration Details
STR Permit #2018072102

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Carrie
Host User ID: 52361302
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/52361302
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey! I’m Carrie from LA. Hbu?

I’m all about exploring new cultures, discovering hidden gems, and making life an adventure. As a freelancer, I balance work and travel to keep things exciting. My pet/house-sitting hobby taught me the little things that make a place feel special, which inspired me to host on Airbnb.

I’ve filled my space with thoughtful touches to bring you comfort and joy. Excited to show you what makes this stay amazing!

Recognized as Burnham Nashville’s 2025 Host of the Year
My work: Marketing
Most useless skill: buying nothing at Target
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
292 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting