URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1157341343044780857
Latitude: 36.155
Longitude: -86.7755
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Nash Shenanigans! Located downtown. 3 blocks from the neon lights of Broadway. Pool. Gym. Private Balcony with skyline views. Skydeck! You can’t beat this location and you’ll love the new, upscale Nashville decor and hand-painted murals.

Walk to Lower Broadway, Famous Bars & Honky Tonks, Live Music, Restaurants, Bridgestone Arena, Country Music Hall of Fame, Nissan Stadium, Music City Center, The Gulch, and everything downtown!

The space
The space
2 BEDROOMS & 2 BATHROOMS:
-Bedroom #1:  one king bed  
-Bedroom #2:  one queen bed
-Bed #3:  Sectional sofa is a queen mattress pull-out 
-Bed #4:  a premium queen air mattress
-Entire units sleeps 8

LIVING ROOM:
Large comfortable sectional couch, with large leather chair, and a Smart TV. Right off the living room is a private, scenic balcony overlooking the Nashville skyline.  

Two hand-painted Murals:
Hardy and Lainey Wilson in Living Room and Johnny Cash mug shot in hallway with mugshot signs to take your custom photo.

KITCHEN:
The gourmet kitchen has full size stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, and a large island with 3 stools. Completely stocked with dishware, cooking utensils, blender, toaster, air fryer and coffee maker.  Coffee, tea and condiments provided.

THE BURNHAM:  6 story midrise apartment building located Downtown, south of Broadway aka SOBRO. There are 3 elevators and 3 sets of stairs inside the building. You'll find a stairwell outside the apartment door that will take you straight to street level. This 952 sq feet apartment unit is located on the 4th floor, overlooking the Nashville skyline from the balcony. 

BUILDING AMENITIES INCLUDED:
★ Outdoor pool (open year round/not heated)
★ 2 level fitness center & yoga studio
★ Climbing wall, treadmills, spin bikes
★ Sky lounge with large deck & city views
★ The Collective: 2 story hangout & work venue
★ Fire pits, grills, cornhole 
★ Courtyard Hangout Area

Other things to note
CHECK-IN 4PM & CHECK-OUT BY 10AM: 
We do not offer early check-ins or late check-outs due to high occupancy. If an early check-in or late check-out is needed, please book an additional night before or after your stay. Baggage Bellhop is a luggage storage company located in the lobby daily from 9am-5pm if needed before check-in or after check-out. There are 100s of bars, restaurants and shopping within walking distance to enjoy while Baggage Bellhop holds your luggage!

PARKING:
We have ONE reserved parking space available inside the building for an additional $35/night. The Parking Tag must be displayed on the dash so the number is easily visible when Parking Authority walks by. Your vehicle has to be parked on the basement level below the building in space 144 listed on the tag - if these directions are not followed your car will be ticketed immediately at the guests expense. Extra vehicles can park in guest parking or a nearby parking lot (first come, first served and paid daily by parking meter).

BROOKFIELD PROPERTIES:
The entire Airbnb apartment complex is owned and maintained by Brookfield properties & The Burnham. Sometimes appliances, household systems, and building amenities may unexpectedly malfunction, not work, or need to be temporarily closed for maintenance, cleaning, etc. We have no control over the building common areas or amenities and their cleanliness and/or availability to guests. NO refunds will be issued for pool closures.  While Brookfield properties and the Burnham do everything in their power to address any issues as quickly as possible, we do not offer refunds of any kind for situations out of our control.

STARTER SUPPLIES:
We provide complimentary starter coffee, tea, paper towels, toilet paper, trash bags, and laundry detergent. This should get most groups by for 3 nights. If you need extra during your stay, you will need to purchase more. There is a Walgreens and DQX within walking distance. Instacart is also a great App to use for delivery.

FUN APARTMENT BUILDING: 
Nashville is known for its lively atmosphere, especially in the heart of the city. We want to set clear expectations that noise is a potential part of the lively atmosphere here in this fun apartment complex and part of being downtown. Please be aware that, as this is beyond our control, we cannot merit a refund for any noise-related concerns during your stay. There is also a security officer on-site to address any potential noise complaints. If you prefer a more quiet and relaxed atmosphere it might be best to consider a location further away from downtown not inside an apartment building. If you're ready to embrace the dynamic energy of Nashville and be in the midst of the action at The Burnham, this is the perfect place for you!

We look forward to hosting you and ensuring you make amazing memories in Music City! Please reach out if you have any questions!

Were you will sleep
Unique fun Nashville Music decor throughout the unit
Bedroom 1:  1 king bed with attached bathroom shower and TV

Bedroom 2: one queen bed with attached bathroom (soaking tub/shower combo) and desk

Super comfy sectional couch with a pull-out queen mattress, large leather chair and a smart tv - right off the living room is a large  balcony overlooking the Nashvile Skyline. 

What this place offers
-External skyline view
-Fast Wifi
-Dedicated workspace
-Shared outdoor pool 
-2 Smart TV's
-Three Elevators
-Free washer – In unit
-Free dryer – In unit
-Exterior security cameras on property

Easy access to all the local venues
.2 miles The Convention Center
.2 miles Country Music Hall of Fame
.2 miles Music City Center
.4 miles Lower Broadway
.4 miles Ryman Auditorium
.4 miles Bridgestone Arena
.4 miles Rippy's Honky Tonk
.4 miles Legends
.5 miles Honky Tonk Central
.5 miles Jason Aldean's Bar
.5 miles The Gulch
Less than 1 mile Nissan Stadium

Safety & property
Exterior security cameras on property
Nearby lake, river, other body of water
Heights without rails or protection

Guest access
Guests will have entire apartment to themselves and access to all building amenities. This is a self check-in property by using the Latch App on your smartphone. The Latch App offers better security and easier access for all guests. Being proficient with technology and confident with a self check-in is important for guests that book our place. Please provide us with your email  address during the reservation process.

Other things to note
CHECK-IN 4PM & CHECK-OUT BY 10AM: 
We do not offer early check-ins or late check-outs due to high occupancy. If an early check-in or late check-out is needed, please book an additional night before or after your stay. Baggage Bellhop is a luggage storage company located in the lobby daily from 9am-5pm if needed before check-in or after check-out. There are 100s of bars, restaurants and shopping within walking distance to enjoy while Baggage Bellhop holds your luggage!

DOOR APP ACCESS:
Guests will have DOOR access into the building only during the duration of their reservation. There is no access into the building prior to 4pm. No early access to the amenities will be permitted. Door codes will not appear on the App until the day of your check-in at 4pm. At 4pm, if you don't see access, you will need to restart the DOOR app. Do this by re-starting your phone or signing out of your account and signing back in.

Registration Details
2018073604

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kathy
Host User ID: 304557834
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/304557834
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Where I went to school: Western Michigan University
My work: Hosting you!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
101 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting