URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1468222475174279004
Latitude: 36.17534
Longitude: -86.79203
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Germantown studio combines boutique-inspired style with the comforts of home, a cozy queen bed, full kitchen, Smart TV, and effortless self check-in. But the real showstopper? Our shared courtyard, built for relaxing, playing, and making your Nashville stay a little more memorable.
Located in the heart of Germantown, you’ll have incredible dining and local favorites nearby while staying just minutes from downtown Nashville.

The space
Welcome to The Soundry!

Your Nashville home base in the heart of Germantown. This modern one-queen retreat sleeps up to two guests and puts you close to everything you came to Nashville to experience—while giving you plenty of reasons to hang out at home.
Spend the morning battling it out on the pickleball court, walk to some of Germantown’s best restaurants for lunch, explore Music City during the afternoon, and be on Broadway in about 8 minutes. When the night is over, escape the downtown crowds and come back to your own comfortable space.
Please note: The Soundry is not a traditional hotel. We offer a modern, self-service hospitality experience with keyless entry and the freedom of an Airbnb stay.

THE SPACE
Your room is designed for comfort, convenience, and easy group travel. One plush queen beds with premium linens comfortably sleep up to two guests, and a couch, while room-darkening shades make sleeping in after a night on Broadway a little easier.
Your space also includes a full-size refrigerator, stovetop, microwave, coffee maker, cookware, and utensils, giving you the flexibility to make breakfast, store drinks and snacks, or reheat those Nashville leftovers.
You’ll also enjoy:
One queen beds with premium linens
Walk-in shower and plush towels
Full-size refrigerator and kitchenette
Smart TV
High-speed WiFi
Dedicated workspace
Central climate control
Full-length mirror
Iron
Keyless self check-in

THE COURTYARD
This is where The Soundry really stands out.
Our shared courtyard was made for good weather, good company, and a little friendly competition.
Start a pickleball tournament with your group, challenge your friends to cornhole, fire up the BBQ grills, or grab a seat around the fire pits after a night out.
The courtyard includes:
Full pickleball court
Pickleball equipment provided
Cornhole
Fire pits
BBQ grills
Outdoor seating
String lights
Fair warning: the pickleball competition can get serious.

THE LOBBY
Step into our stylish shared lobby featuring modern décor, comfortable seating, and complimentary access to coffee/espresso machine available 24/7.
With keyless access and easy self check-in, there’s no traditional hotel front-desk routine. Arrive, get settled, grab a coffee, and start enjoying Nashville.

LOCATION: GERMANTOWN
Stay close to the action without sleeping in the middle of it.
Germantown is one of Nashville’s most popular neighborhoods, known for great restaurants, coffee shops, local favorites, and easy access to downtown.
You’ll be approximately:
5-minute walk to nearby restaurants
8-minute walk to Nashville Farmers Market
8-minute drive to Broadway and downtown Nashville
10-minute drive to The Gulch
12-minute drive to Nissan Stadium and Bridgestone Arena
Uber and Lyft make getting around easy, and nearby WeGo public transit provides another option.
Free street parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis, with paid parking options nearby.

PERFECT FOR
Whether Nashville is calling your name for a weekend getaway, concert, sporting event, work trip, or celebration, The Soundry makes a great home base for:
Friends traveling together
Couples who want extra space
Business travelers
Extended stays
Respectful bachelor and bachelorette groups

GOOD TO KNOW
The Soundry is not a traditional hotel. Our property is designed around a self-service guest experience, including keyless entry and self check-in.
The courtyard and lobby are shared spaces, so you may see other guests enjoying the amenities during your stay.
Street parking is complimentary but cannot be reserved and is available on a first-come, first-served basis.

WHY THE SOUNDRY?
Because your Nashville stay should be more than just a place to sleep.
Wake up in Germantown. Grab a coffee. Play pickleball. Explore Nashville. Hit Broadway. Come back and relax. Repeat.
You get the neighborhood feel of Germantown, easy access to Nashville’s biggest attractions, and a property with enough personality to become part of the trip itself.
Stay local. Play hard. Sleep well. Welcome to The Soundry.

Guest access
Effortless Self Check-In
Skip the front desk and settle in on your schedule. Before arrival, you’ll receive a personal smart-lock access code, making check-in quick, simple, and completely contactless. Our consistently smooth arrival experience has even earned recognition from Airbnb for a Great Check-In Experience, so you can arrive, get comfortable, and start enjoying Nashville right away.

Your Private Space
Your room is thoughtfully designed to give you the comfort of a boutique stay with the convenience of home. You’ll have one queen beds with premium linens, a private bathroom with a walk-in shower, and a full kitchen equipped with a refrigerator, stovetop, microwave, and coffee maker.

Need to catch up on work or unwind after exploring the city? You’ll also have a dedicated work desk and seating area, a Smart TV for streaming your favorites, and individual climate control to keep the space just the way you like it.

Shared Amenities
Step outside your room and enjoy The Soundry’s inviting shared spaces. Our outdoor courtyard is designed for relaxing, socializing, and having a little fun, with a full pickleball court, fire pits, cornhole, and BBQ grills.

Inside, you’ll find a stylish shared lobby with complimentary access to coffee/espresso machine available 24/7, plus vending machines stocked with quick snacks and drinks.

Parking Made Easy
Driving into Nashville? You have two convenient options:
**Free street parking** is available on nearby streets on a first-come, first-served basis.
A paid parking lot directly across the street is available for $24 per day.

Whether you’re here for a weekend getaway, a Nashville celebration, or a longer stay, The Soundry makes it easy to check in, get comfortable, and enjoy the city.

Other things to note
Pet Policy
We’re happy to welcome your four-legged travel companion! One dog is permitted with a $100 pet fee or a $500 unannounced pet/pets. Please let us know in advance if you’ll be bringing a dog so we can properly prepare for your stay.

At this time, cats are not permitted.

No Smoking or Vaping
The Soundry is a 100% smoke- and vape-free property. Smoking and vaping are prohibited inside guest rooms, the lobby, hallways, and courtyard.
A $200 cleaning fee may be charged for violations of this policy.

Gather, Play & Be Respectful

Coming to Nashville with friends or family? We want you to have a great time! Small, respectful gatherings are welcome, and guests are encouraged to enjoy our shared courtyard, pickleball court, fire pits, BBQ grills, ping-pong, and cornhole.

We simply ask that you:
Keep noise at a respectful level, especially after 
11 PM
Make sure the number of guests matches your reservation
Respect other guests and our neighbors
Avoid excessive noise, illegal activity, and unauthorized guests
Security cameras are located in common and exterior areas to help maintain a safe and enjoyable environment for everyone.

Superhost Hospitality
Stay with confidence knowing you’re in experienced hands. Our team has welcomed hundreds of Nashville guests, and we pride ourselves on providing clean spaces, responsive communication, and an easy arrival experience. Our Airbnb recognition for a Great Check-In Experience reflects what we aim to deliver with every reservation: a smooth arrival, a comfortable stay, and a Nashville experience worth remembering.

Have questions before or during your stay? Send us a message anytime. We’re here to help make your Nashville trip a great one.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Notable Collection
Host User ID: 699711821
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699711821
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
2513 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting