URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1465910028295070402
Latitude: 36.1644
Longitude: -86.7807
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Steps from Broadway, bold designer interiors, and historic charm make the Highball Suite the ultimate downtown Nashville getaway. This luxurious 4-bedroom, 4-bath retreat in the iconic Starr Piano Building features rich textures, dramatic décor, and spacious living areas inspired by vintage jazz clubs. With a dedicated concierge and unbeatable walkability to Broadway, the Arcade, dining, and live music, it's perfect for group getaways, celebrations, and unforgettable Music City stays. 🎷

The space
Spanning the entire third floor of the historic Starr Piano Building, this smoke-inspired suite is a moody, immersive retreat in the heart of downtown Nashville. The open-concept layout features a comfortable living room, dining area with a piano, and a pool table, along with four private bedrooms, each with its own en-suite bathroom and smart TV. Layered textures and dim, sultry tones evoke a sense of quiet luxury and modern edge, perfect for guests seeking a distinctive, design-forward experience. Just two blocks from Broadway, it’s a quick walk to Nashville’s iconic music, dining, and nightlife.

Explore our other suites at The Starr Piano Suites for even more space and comfort.
The Roxie - airbnb.com/h/theroxieatstarrpianosuites
The Carraway - airbnb.com/h/thecarrawayatstarrpianosuites
The Bellamy - airbnb.com/h/thebellamyatstarrpianosuites

Hosting a large group or special event?
The Highball and Bellamy Suites may be reserved together to accommodate groups of up to 24 guests. To view availability or make a reservation, please visit airbnb.com/h/thehighballandbellamyatstarrpianosuites
The entire Starr Piano Suites building can be rented. Just reach out for availability and pricing.

Inside, you’ll find:
Personalized concierge service to assist with everything from dinner reservations to curated local experiences tailored to your interests
Floor-to-ceiling windows that fill the space with natural light
A pool table and built-in bar area—perfect for entertaining
A dining table ideal for group meals or game nights
A fully stocked kitchen with island seating, perfect for casual breakfasts or evening cocktails
A washer and dryer for added convenience during longer stays
High-speed Wi-Fi to keep you connected throughout your visit
Smart TVs in the living room and all bedrooms for effortless streaming

Parking: Complimentary overnight garage parking for one vehicle is available nearby.

Sleeping Arrangements:
Bedroom 1: King bed + twin rollaway bed
Bedroom 2: King bed
Bedroom 3: King bed
Bedroom 4: Queen bed
Living Room: Queen-sized air mattress

Starr Piano Building: 
The Starr Piano Building is a historic 1880s Queen Anne landmark that has been thoughtfully reimagined as a luxury boutique vacation rental in the heart of downtown Nashville. Originally home to one of the South’s leading piano and organ retailers, it also holds the distinction of being Nashville’s first record store, offering early recordings by musical legends like Louis Armstrong, Gene Autry, and Charley Patton. This iconic building is a living tribute to the city's rich musical roots, spanning from ragtime and early jazz to Nashville’s modern-day rhythm. Whether you're drawn to music history, timeless architecture, or upscale urban stays, the Starr Piano Building offers a one-of-a-kind experience that beautifully bridges the past and present of Music City.

About Hallson Hospitality:  
At Hallson Hospitality, we pride ourselves on being a locally owned company committed to providing a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that meet the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our dedicated team of hospitality professionals is focused on creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for every guest. We offer a variety of Experience Add-ons to enhance your stay, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, yoga sessions and more.

Guest access
Prior to your arrival, you’ll receive a detailed email containing everything you need for a seamless check-in experience, including directions, property details, and app access for contactless entry.

Other things to note
Please note that onsite parking is not available. One complimentary parking space is included in the Sheraton Grand parking garage, just two blocks from the Starr Piano Building.

Parking Disclosure: While one complimentary overnight parking space with full in-and-out privileges is provided, availability may be limited during major Nashville events (such as New Year’s Eve or CMA Fest). The Sheraton Grand garage is self-park, and guests will receive an access card upon arrival.

As required by building regulations, the master bathroom includes a shower designed for accessibility. Accordingly, the shower features a curtain rather than a glass enclosure to accommodate these standards.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Luxury Collection
Host User ID: 707365269
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/707365269
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hospitality
Most useless skill: Making guests happy
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
98 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting