URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1653944690194040835
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
⭐ Luxury LED Stay in the Heart of Downtown Nashville ⭐

🚶 5-minute walk to Broadway, Nissan Stadium & downtown

🚗 FREE reserved secure garage parking

🏖️ Private balcony • Resort-style pool • Modern gym

🎨 Customizable LED lighting to match your vibe

🍳 Fully stocked kitchen • Bright natural light • Amazing day & night atmosphere

🎉 Perfect for concerts, Titans games, birthdays, girls’ trips, couples & weekend getaways

✨ Experience Nashville from the moment you walk in!

The space
🏙️ Luxury LED stay in the heart of Downtown Nashville, designed to feel bold, clean, modern, and more memorable than a typical hotel or Airbnb.

✨ During the day, the space feels bright, open, and airy with natural light pouring through the large windows.

🚀 At night, the customizable LED lighting transforms the entire apartment, creating a unique atmosphere from the moment you walk in.

🎨 Adjust the LED colors throughout the apartment to match your mood, whether you’re relaxing after exploring Nashville or getting ready for a night out.

🛋️ The living room features a spacious sectional, 75-inch Smart TV, electric fireplace, and customizable LED backlighting, creating a comfortable space to relax, watch movies, or spend time with friends and family.

🍳 The fully stocked kitchen includes cookware, utensils, coffee essentials, and everything you need to prepare meals before or after exploring Broadway.

🛏️ The bedroom offers two full-size beds, a 65-inch Smart TV, and customizable ambient LED lighting for a comfortable night’s stay.

🌇 Step onto your private top-floor balcony overlooking the resort-style pool—an ideal place to relax with your morning coffee or unwind in the evening.

🚗 FREE reserved secure garage parking is included with every stay—a rare convenience in downtown Nashville.

🎶 Located just a 5-minute walk to Broadway, you’re also close to Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, Music City Center, The Gulch, Ascend Amphitheater, and many of Nashville’s top restaurants, bars, and entertainment.

🏖️ Guests also enjoy access to resort-style amenities, including the pool, fitness center, courtyard, lounges, and more.

🍾 Whether you’re visiting for concerts, Titans games, birthdays, girls’ trips, couples’ getaways, or a weekend in Music City, this space is designed to give you an unforgettable Nashville experience.

Guest access
🔑 Guests have full access to the entire apartment, including the open living area, fully stocked kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, private balcony, and in-unit washer & dryer.

📲 The building and apartment are accessed using the DOOR app, providing secure, convenient keyless entry throughout your stay.

🏖️ You’ll also have access to the building’s resort-style amenities, including the pool, modern fitness center, courtyard, lounges, grills, and other shared common areas 

🚗 One reserved, secure garage parking space is included with your stay—a rare convenience in downtown Nashville.

Other things to note
📲 Access to the building and unit is provided through the DOOR app guests will need to download it before check-in.

📱 A smart device is required for digital entry.

🎨 One of the best parts of the stay is that the LED lighting is fully customizable, allowing you to create your own vibe throughout the space.

🏖️ Shared amenities, including the pool, gym, and common areas, are managed by the building and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance, weather, or property rules.

🚫 For safety and building compliance, no glass is allowed in the pool area.

📩 Full arrival instructions, parking details, access info, and house guidelines will be provided prior to check-in.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hussein
Host User ID: 442080651
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/442080651
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
Speaks Arabic, English, and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 months hosting
45 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
5 months of hosting