URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1574738860194376633
Latitude: 36.1245
Longitude: -86.7892
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Gilmore! Take all four private one-bedroom suites in Nashville's top-rated hotel — your group's own corner of walkable 12 South, coffee and boutiques right across the street.

🛏️ King bed + sleeper sofa + cozy living area in each suite
🍳 Full kitchens with Nespresso + smart TVs & workspaces
🌆 Rooftop terrace, courtyard access + on-site team

The space
Award-winning and guest-loved, The Gilmore is #1 out of 235 hotels on TripAdvisor, Top 1% on Airbnb, 4.9-stars on Google, and ranked #3 in the South by Southern Living.

Take all four suites and your group has its own private corner of The Gilmore. This buyout brings together four self-contained one-bedroom suites inside 12 South's first full-service hotel — separate spaces to retreat to, shared rooftop and courtyard when you want to gather. Stretch out and settle in: each suite leans into space, comfort, and design-forward detail, with a real team on site keeping the hospitality hands-on from an easy check-in onward.

Explore Music City
Right in the heart of 12 South, you're steps from brunch spots, boutiques, and live music — coffee at Frothy Monkey is just across the street. Downtown is about a ten-minute drive or a quick rideshare, putting Broadway's honky-tonks and the Ryman Auditorium within easy reach, and the Grand Ole Opry sits roughly fifteen to twenty minutes northeast out by Opry Mills.

The Suites
Each of the four one-bedroom suites is its own retreat. A separate bedroom holds a king bed with luxe linens and blackout curtains, while a bright living area adds a sleeper sofa, lounge seating, and a smart TV for extra room and flexibility. The full kitchen comes stocked with cookware, dishes, and the basics — stove, microwave, fridge, and Nespresso — and the spa-style bathroom is finished with full-size toiletries. Four separate units means four front doors: privacy when you want it, togetherness when you don't.

Modern Conveniences
Every suite comes stocked with the small comforts that make a stay feel effortless: branded robes, full-size toiletries, a dedicated workspace, and a clothing steamer.

Common Areas
Your stay includes access to the building's shared spaces, designed for connection or calm. The Skyline Terrace offers rooftop views with bistro tables and lounge areas. The Poet's Courtyard is a garden retreat with dining tables and cozy nooks. And the Gilmore Room is an adaptable indoor lounge for events, meetings, or quiet work.

In-Room Spa
When you'd rather stay in, on-demand wellness comes to you — in-room massages, IV therapy, and private chefs, arranged around your group's schedule.

Buyouts & Events
Need even more room? The Gilmore scales beyond these four suites — reserve additional rooms, a full floor, or the entire hotel for weddings, corporate retreats, bachelor or bachelorette weekends, and private celebrations, with an on-site events manager to coordinate every detail.

Extras on Request
- Kitchen & Dining: toasters, high chairs
- Family Essentials: Pack 'n Play, bath mats, shower chair
- Entertainment: Giant Jenga, dominoes, card games
- Wellness & Travel: workout bags, iron & board
- Extras: ice, matches

Known for its welcoming charm and walkable streets, 12 South offers an eclectic mix of boutique shops, trendy restaurants, and cozy coffeehouses. This sought-after area combines the buzz of a thriving urban community with a friendly, local feel, making it one of Nashville’s most desirable locations. Whether you’re exploring nearby parks or indulging in some of the city’s best dining and shopping, 12 South is the perfect place to experience the energy and character of Music City.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home accepts dogs only and for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- There is no in-unit laundry at this space.

Parking Details:
- Paid self-parking is available on-site in a public underground garage for $40 per night.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting