URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1759045198529203208
Latitude: 36.1589
Longitude: -86.8492
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Made for group trips! This spacious Nashville home has comfy king beds, a dedicated ping-pong room, foosball, boxed games, and a record + CD player for the perfect soundtrack. Located in the super-walkable Nations neighborhood near restaurants, bars, breweries and coffee shops - and just 7 minutes to Broadway! 4 bedrooms, 4.5 bathrooms and 5 beds - sleeps 12!

The space
Welcome to Nashville! We’re Tyler & Eliana, and we are SO excited to host you! 🤎

Welcome to Nashville! We’re Tyler & Eliana, and we are SO excited to host you! 🤎

While this is a brand-new listing, we aren’t new to hostin - our other property directly next door is a 5-star Guest Favorite. We’ve taken everything we’ve learned from hosting group trips there and used it to make this house comfortable, fun and easy to enjoy!

This spacious home was made for groups, with comfy king beds, 4.5 bathrooms, multiple places to hang out, a dedicated ping-pong room, foosball, boxed games, and a record + CD player for the perfect soundtrack 🎶. There’s also a large dining table for group meals, a huge balcony off of the living room, and plenty of space to spend time together without everyone feeling crowded.

The house is located in The Nations, one of Nashville’s most walkable neighborhoods - and the neighborhood we personally call home!

Grab your morning coffee at Frothy Monkey or 51st Deli, stop by Southern Grist or Fat Bottom Brewing for local beers, catch live music at The Nations Bar, or walk over to Maggie’s Place for happy hour. And when you’re ready for downtown, Broadway is just 7 minutes away!

Alright, now for all the details!

🎯 Games + Hangout Spaces

Challenge your group to a ping-pong tournament in the dedicated ping-pong room, play foosball or one of the boxed games, or put on a record or CD while everyone hangs out. The home has multiple gathering spaces, which makes group trips SO much easier!

🏡 First Floor

Bedroom with two queen beds
Two full bathrooms - very helpful when everyone’s getting ready!
Ping pong table 

🍽️ Second Floor

Fully stocked kitchen
Large dining table for group meals
Comfortable living room with a large TV
Half bathroom
Foosball 
Huge balcony - great for watching the sunset!

🛏️ Third Floor

Primary king bedroom with an en-suite bathroom
Two king bedrooms that share a full bathroom in the hallway 
Washer and dryer

🌿 A Few Things to Know

The home has four bedrooms, 4.5 bathrooms and five beds, with space for up to 12 guests.

There are multiple spaces for your group to gather, but this is a multi-level home and requires using stairs between floors.

The home is located in a residential neighborhood. Parties and events are not permitted, and guests must observe quiet hours and be respectful of our neighbors.

No smoking or pets are permitted.

Confetti, glitter, silly string and similar decorations are not allowed. Please do not move or rearrange furniture, beds, tables, game equipment or décor.

🚗 Parking + Entry

Free street parking is available nearby and is generally easy to find, especially along Michigan Avenue.

The home has keyless entry with a personalized code.

🧴 Starter Supplies

We’ll have you set up with:

Toilet paper
Paper towels
Coffee + tea
Basic cleaning supplies

For longer stays, you may want to purchase additional supplies. If something is missing, just let us know - we’re nearby and happy to help!

🏡 Traveling With a Larger Group?

We also host the home directly next door! Message us about reserving both properties for an extra-large Nashville group trip.

📸 A Quick Note About the Photos

We’re still adding the final artwork and decorative touches to a few rooms. More pieces will be installed over the next two weeks, so the home will look even more finished than it does in the current photos! All essential furniture, beds and listed amenities are already in place.

We truly want you to have an amazing 5 star stay. If you have ANY questions before or during your trip, please reach out. We’re always happy to help!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Eliana
Host User ID: 196704641
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/196704641
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Helloooo, I’m Eliana! I'm originally from Boston, but I've lived in Nashville for 6 years - both downtown and in The Nations - so I know all the best bars and restaurants and love to share recs! 

My husband and I bought a house in our neighborhood and have spent the last year turning it into the PERFECT home away from home for you! It's truly been a labor of love (and sweat! And paint!)!
Born in the 90s
My work: Startups & Momming!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 months hosting
24 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
5 months of hosting