URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/31508839
Latitude: 36.17922
Longitude: -86.74908
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
CENTRALLY LOCATED:  While taking in all that Music City is, you are only 2 miles from downtown.  Nissan Stadium is even closer.  You have quick access to the airport 8 miles away. 

Relax in perfect, modern comfort in the heart of trendy East Nashville. Neutral & stylish decor, tall ceilings and natural light combine to make this unit feel like the perfect respite from your time on the town. 24+ restaurants, coffee shops, and night life are all within walking distance.

The space
You will be staying in the heart of East Nashville, a diverse and historic neighborhood. Your unit is just three blocks from the Five Points district. Walk to 24+ restaurants, bars, coffee shops, bakeries, and ice cream parlors, all within 4 blocks of your unit.  Two grocery stores are three blocks away, and at your fingertips is online food delivery from multiple apps, including our favorite, UberEats. Our central location is ideal for venturing out to all locations of interest in the Nashville area, including Bluebird Cafe, Loveless Cafe, The Hermitage, the Natchez Trace Parkway, and so much more. 

YOUR UNIT:  The upstairs studio faces a side street and sits at the back of our corner lot. It includes a king bed, a full kitchen, coffee maker with k-cups, full bath with shower, as well as WiFi and Smart TV. Walk to restaurants, coffee shops, and nightlife blocks away, or take a 4-minute Uber, drive, or bus into town! Plenty of street parking 20’ in front of your unit.

We also provide Tennessee Pride sausage and chicken biscuits, orange juice, coffee and tea along with filtered water.

TV Area: Sit back and unwind playing board games or card games provided or watching cable channels or streaming from apps on the Smart-TV.  The queen sleeper sofa includes a very comfortable memory foam mattress.

Kitchen: Enjoy the kitchen well equipped with essential cookware and appliances which includes a refrigerator, oven, and microwave.  A k-cup coffee maker is provided for those who must start the day caffeinated. Coffee, sugar/sweeteners, salt, and pepper is also provided. There is even a designated spout for filtered water.

Sleeping Area: Enjoy a great night’s sleep on a king-size Stearns & Foster mattress with a ceiling fan.  

Bathroom:  Large shower, towels, toilet paper, bar soap, and shampoo are provided, along with a hair dryer and a small clothes steamer.

TV/WiFi:  You have high-speed wifi access for your smart devices as well as a Smart-TV in the living area with free access to YouTube TV and Netflix.

Shared Laundry: For your convenience, a full-size washer and dryer are provided along with detergent. The Laundry area is shared with the upstairs unit in a neutral space between units.

Front Porch: Table and chairs are shared with the guests downstairs.

Guest access
SMART LOCK: The keypad door lock allows you to check yourself in when you arrive giving you the flexibility to arrive at any time after the check-in time.  We will email your key code prior to arrival.

Other things to note
READ HERE FOR MANY MORE DETAILS

EAST NASHVILLE:  Discover this diverse and historic East Nashville neighborhood.  You will be just 3 blocks from the famous Five Points district, 1.5 miles from Nissan Stadium & downtown. Walk to more than 24 restaurants, bars, coffee shops, bakeries, and more! Check out Shelby Bottoms for access to the Nashville Greenways system for miles of protected walking and biking.

TWO MILES TO DOWNTOWN: While taking in all that Music City is, you are only 2 miles from downtown.  Relax in perfect, modern comfort in the heart of trendy East Nashville. Neutral & stylish decor, tall ceilings and natural light combine to make this unit feel like the perfect respite from your time on the town. 

MUSIC VENUES:  Here’s a list of good music spots that locals enjoy:
Listening Room
3rd & Lindsley
Five Spot
Acme Feed and Seed
Station Inn
Robert’s Western World
East Room
Rudy’s Jazz Room
The Lounge
The Basement
The Basement East
Cooper’s
Dee’s Country Lounge

GETTING AROUND: You have several transportation options during your stay. A bus stop is just a block away on Gallatin Ave or on 14th Street. Uber and Lyft can take you into town.  Nashville B-Cycle, a bike sharing service, has a station three blocks away.  Both Bird and Lime Scooter Rental have a presence here as well. You also have sidewalks the whole way there if you’re adventurous.

PERMIT:  We operate under the TN state law TCA 68-14-503(3) (B)(ii).

Registration Details
TCA68-14-503.3.B.ii

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Bobby
Host User ID: 50055927
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/50055927
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a native Nashvillian who loves to share my city. I love coffee and stimulating conversation. I hope to meet you while you are visiting!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
8 years hosting
501 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting