URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1750687422017221414
Latitude: 36.172311173500816
Longitude: -86.77916428489395
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to this stylish downtown Nashville apartment with a private deck and city views. Cook in a fully equipped kitchen with Keurig coffee maker, and relax in the living room with a Smart TV — the sofa bed sleeps an extra guest. The bedroom features a queen bed and Smart TV. Access the on-site gym and laundry (fob required). Covered garage parking and free street parking available. Dog-friendly. Walk to Broadway, Nissan Stadium, and the Cumberland Riverfront. Music City awaits!

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.

ACCESS TYPE:
▻ Guest will have access to the entire home. Building fitness center and laundry room is also accessible via fob (provided at check-in).

PROPERTY LAYOUT
MAIN FLOOR:
▻ Living Room — Smart TV, sofa bed, decorative fireplace
▻ Kitchen — stainless steel appliances (refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave), Keurig coffee maker, dishwasher, garbage disposal
▻ Bedroom — 1 × queen bed, Smart TV
▻ Full Bathroom — tub/shower combo, white subway tile, white vanity
▻ Private Deck — bistro table and chairs for outdoor seating

HIGHLIGHTS:
▻ Prime downtown Nashville location — walk to Broadway in 12 minutes
▻ City, river, and downtown skyline views
▻ Private deck with bistro seating — perfect for morning coffee
▻ Building gym, communal pool and laundry access (fob provided at check-in)
▻ Fully equipped kitchen with Keurig and dishwasher
▻ Hisense Smart TV in living room + Smart TV in bedroom
▻ Sofa bed accommodates an additional guest (sleeps up to 4)
▻ Covered garage parking included — dog-friendly
▻ 8-minute walk to Nissan Stadium via pedestrian bridge
▻ Steps from First Horizon Park and the Cumberland River Greenway

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ Single-level apartment located on the second floor of the building with no interior stairs. Disabled parking spot available, and the path to the entrance is lit at night for easy access.

Guest access
PARKING:
▻ 5 covered garage parking spaces — unassigned, no gate required and 5 dedicated outdoor parking spaces available. Free street parking also available

ENTERING THE HOME:
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In.

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES:
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee.
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings.
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs.
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500.
▻ Please ensure pets are cleaned up after.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

By booking this property, you agree to follow all rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation.

POLICIES:
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available).
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access.
▻ Late Check-Out – Let us know by the day before, and we’ll do our best to accommodate. To guarantee a late check-out, the following night would need to be booked. Please note, unapproved late check-outs may incur a $50/hour fee, and check-outs at 12 PM or later will be considered an extra night’s stay.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ Pet Policy – We’re happy to welcome pets! A $140 non-refundable fee applies, plus $50 for each additional pet. This helps cover the extra deep cleaning to keep the home fresh for all guests.
▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy.
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item)
▻ Cancellation - Cancellation refunds will be based on your booking's cancellation policy
▻ We have security cameras to monitor the entrance of the home. The camera will be on to help ensure the safety of you and the property during your stay. It is on and recording 24/7.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1662 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting