URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1421295080374939488
Latitude: 36.14485
Longitude: -86.75905
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 11
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Hunting lodge meets honky‑tonk loft just 1.5 miles from Broadway! Trophy mounts, vintage guitars, and bold art set the scene for guys’ trips, families, and country‑music crews. Soak in the rooftop hot tub with downtown views, shoot pool, stream the game on smart TVs, and sleep big groups across 3 levels and 11 beds. Fully stocked kitchen, fast WiFi, free parking, and quick access to The Gulch, Music Row, Nissan Stadium, and Bridgestone Arena for the full Music City experience.

The space
Welcome to your one‑of‑a‑kind Nashville hunt‑and‑honky‑tonk basecamp, just 1.5 miles (5–7 minutes) from Broadway and downtown. Three stories of bold design, hunting trophies, vintage guitars, and music‑inspired art make this home a natural fit for bachelor trips, guys’ weekends, and families who love country music.

What you’ll love:

· Rooftop hot tub with skyline views for post‑hunt, post‑concert hangs

· Pool table and two living areas for late‑night games and pre‑game drinks

· 3 bedrooms, 3.5 baths, and 11 total beds to comfortably host large groups

· Smart TVs in every bedroom plus fast WiFi for work and streaming sports

· Fully stocked kitchen with modern appliances and coffee bar for early‑morning starts

Sleeping arrangements

· Bedroom 1 (Primary): Queen bed, ensuite bath

· Bedroom 2: Queen bed + Full‑over‑Full bunk

· Bedroom 3: Full bed + Queen‑over‑Queen bunk

Extras: 2 fold‑away Twin beds 

Layout

Level 1: Entry, bedroom, full bath, and access to parking

Level 2: Main living room with pool table, kitchen, dining, and half bath

Level 3: Two additional bedrooms and bathrooms

Rooftop: Private hot tub, seating, and downtown skyline views

Whether you’re tailgating for a Titans game, hitting Broadway honky‑tonks, or unwinding after a day at the range, this home is built for shared memories, late‑night stories, and easy access to everything Nashville offers!

Guest access
You’ll have the entire home to yourselves, including all three interior levels, the private rooftop deck with hot tub, and on‑site parking. No shared spaces, no host on‑site—just keyless self‑check‑in and full, private use of everything during your stay.

Other things to note
While we want you to feel at home, we kindly ask you to respect our house rules, which include no smoking or pets, and please refrain from holding parties or events on our property. For a smooth stay, please communicate with us regarding any issues that may arise—after all, we're here to ensure you have the best Nashville experience!

Local guests MUST contact us prior to booking.

In the event of extremely low temperatures, the hot tub may become inaccessible (more than 10 degrees below freezing).

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4599 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting