URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/574574700004938293
Latitude: 36.17053
Longitude: -86.78024
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Live like a Nashville music star at this gorgeous waterfront loft directly on the river! 🎸✨

Why you’ll love it:

🌊 River Views: Huge private balcony overlooking the water.

🚶 Walk to Broadway: Scenic 15-min walk down 2nd Ave or 3-min Uber to honky-tonks!

🛏️ Group Friendly: 4 distinct sleeping areas with 5 total beds (sleeps up to 6).

📍 Prime Location: Near Titans Stadium, Germantown dining & Farmers Market.

Book your Nashville stay today! ⭐

The space
Welcome to your luxury riverfront retreat! Located right on the river and just down from Nissan Stadium, this spacious loft gives you the ultimate Music City experience.

Home Highlights:

• Private Balcony: Relax outdoors with direct views of the river.

• Spacious Layout: Ideal for groups with multiple sleeping areas and 5 total beds.

• Prime Walkability: Take a scenic stroll down 2nd Avenue straight to Lower Broadway's legendary nightlife.

Enjoy the perfect combination of peaceful riverfront scenery and instant access to downtown Nashville!

Other things to note
‼️‼️ We are committed to providing a comfortable and well-maintained experience during your stay. Please note the following important information:

Ceiling Maintenance: As of June 18, 2026, there are two patched areas on the ceiling above the dining table that are being addressed by building management. These areas do not affect the safety, functionality, or enjoyment of the property.

Age Requirement: Per Nashville Metro Code, the principal renter must be at least 21 years old.

Extra Linens: Additional pillows can be found inside the bench in the living room. Extra blankets and linens are stored inside the TV stand.

Decorative Guitars: The guitars displayed throughout the home are decorative pieces and are not intended for guest use. Some may have their strings removed to help preserve their condition and prevent damage.

Queen Bedroom: The Queen bedroom features a loft-style design with an open ceiling, creating an airy and comfortable sleeping space.

Third Bedroom: The third bedroom includes a Twin Bed with a second pull-out mattress underneath. Once you pull out the mattress there will be limited spaces to work around the room. This sleeping area uses a privacy curtain instead of a traditional bedroom door and is designed to make efficient use of the available space. 

Train Noise: The property is located near a train track, which adds to the downtown Nashville atmosphere. Passing trains may occasionally be heard, so light sleepers should keep this in mind when booking.

Housekeeping Laundry: There may occasionally be clean housekeeping laundry inside the dryer when you arrive. If you need to use the dryer, simply remove the laundry and place it to the side for our housekeeping team.

Please do not use towels or linens left inside the dryer. Fresh towels and linens will be provided separately for your stay.

Security Deposit: Based on reservation details, including prior guest reviews when applicable, we reserve the right to request a refundable security deposit where permitted.

If required, the deposit must be paid promptly upon request and will be refunded after check-out, provided the property is left in good condition.

Long-Term Stay Utilities: For reservations of 30 nights or longer, a $400 monthly utilities fee is collected separately from the reservation through the Airbnb app before the stay begins.

This covers:
• High-speed internet
• Water and sewer
• Trash service
• Electricity
• Gas

Payment must be completed within 24 hours of our request. Failure to pay the utilities fee within that timeframe may affect the reservation in accordance with applicable booking terms.

Packages: Occasionally, packages related to property maintenance or upkeep may be delivered during your stay. In rare cases, we may ask you to bring a delivered package inside for safekeeping until our team can retrieve it.

No Smoking or Vaping: Smoking or vaping inside the property is strictly prohibited.

A minimum $1,000 cleaning fee may apply for violations. Repeated or severe violations may also result in termination of the stay in accordance with applicable booking platform policies.

Early Check-In / Late Check-Out: Early check-in, late check-out, and early or late luggage drop-off may be available upon request, subject to availability, for a $40 fee.

Check-Out & Cleaning Expectations: Guests are requested to follow the check-out instructions provided before departure to help our cleaning team prepare the property efficiently for the next arrival.

If the property is left in a condition requiring substantially more time or effort than a standard turnover, such as excessive mess, unusual amounts of trash, or additional cleaning beyond the normal scope, an additional cleaning fee may be charged to cover the extra labor and time required.

Thank you for treating the home with care. Your cooperation helps us continue providing a clean, comfortable, and well-maintained space for every guest.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Elite Stay
Host User ID: 11849086
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/11849086
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a Nashville native with 30 years working in management in the hospitality and service industry.  I also happen to love people.

I believe it is always important to treat others as you wish to be treated. I love to travel and I love good food and wine and fun things to do with groups of people, and I have always appreciated those friends who have guided me in the cities and countries where I have visited/lived.  

I have always made it my goal to discover the best food at the best restaurants, but then also discover that "hole in the wall" that has amazing food and a fun atmosphere for a fraction of the cost.  

Born and raised in Nashville, I love my city and I love to share it with others.  
I provide recommendations of the best bars and restaurants and I am always available to answer the phone to help you with whatever you need.
My work: Recreation/Hospitality Industry
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
4781 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting