URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/603609366383268022
Latitude: 36.1388
Longitude: -86.7643
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The ★Onyx Opal★ is a stunning 3-bedroom, 3.5-bath contemporary townhome that comfortably sleeps up to 12 guests in Nashville’s vibrant Wedgewood Houston neighborhood, just minutes from downtown. Featuring light-filled interiors, elevated modern finishes, and multiple terraces and balconies, this stylish three-level retreat offers the perfect blend of sophistication, comfort, and entertainment space for group getaways, family stays, or weekends exploring the city.

The space
What We Love About ★The Onyx Opal★...
- Light-filled open floor plan with sleek contemporary design
- Chef’s kitchen with premium appliances and generous prep space
- Multiple terraces and balconies for indoor-outdoor living
- Garage game room with TV and ping pong table
- Prime Wedgewood Houston location just minutes from downtown

Step inside and you’re welcomed by clean architectural lines, large windows, and a bright, airy atmosphere. The first level features a private king bedroom with access to an adjacent terrace, creating a quiet retreat ideal for early risers or guests who appreciate a bit of separation. A full bathroom on this floor adds convenience and privacy.

The second level is the heart of the home. The open-concept living room flows seamlessly into the dining area and chef’s kitchen, making it perfect for gathering. The kitchen is equipped for elevated meals and entertaining, complete with generous counter space and modern finishes. A wet bar adds an extra touch of luxury for cocktail hours before heading out. A half bath is also located on this level for added convenience.

On the third level, the spacious primary suite features two queen beds and a private ensuite bathroom, offering comfort and flexibility for groups. Down the hall, an additional bedroom includes two twin-over-full bunk beds, ideal for larger groups or families. Another full bathroom and laundry area are conveniently located on this floor, making longer stays easy and comfortable.

The garage has been thoughtfully transformed into a stylish game room with a TV, lounge seating, and a ping pong table — perfect for friendly competition or relaxing evenings in. Multiple terraces and balconies throughout the home provide outdoor space to enjoy morning coffee or evening drinks.

Located on a quiet street in the Wedgewood Houston area, this "buzzing art area" is filled with former factories converted into art spaces and studios. Crowds fill galleries during the monthly “Art Crawl,” relax at cocktail bars or sample drinks in craft distilleries. Just a few miles south of downtown, you'll be surrounded by popular areas for dining, drinks and shopping. Uber and Lyft are easily accessible from this area and you will easily be able to get anywhere within approximately 8-10 minutes! 

Whether you're visiting for a weekend getaway, celebration, or extended stay, The Onyx Opal delivers elevated design, flexible sleeping arrangements, and entertainment-ready spaces in one of Nashville’s most exciting neighborhoods. Book your stay at The Onyx Opal and experience modern luxury done right.

★Parking★
There is parking for two cars in the driveway. Additional street parking is available, on a first come, first serve basis. 
 
★House Rules★
During your stay, we ask that you remember to be respectful of your neighbors. Quiet hours are from 10pm- 7am. For real, take the party to the Honky Tonks on Broadway. Additionally, thank you for respecting our 'no smoking' and 'no pets' policy so that we can keep our properties in the best condition possible. Pets include but are not limited to cats, zebras, livestock, and/or spouses. There are also no firearms permitted within the home or on the surrounding property. Should you choose to ignore this, there will be a $300 fine assessed for breaking either of these rules. We thank you for refraining and being respectful of our homes - please don't make us hunt you down for fines as it cuts into our nap time.

Guest access
Guests will have 100% private access to this home!

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Security Disclaimer★
For your safety and the security of our properties, most of our rentals have a ring doorbell camera or an external camera located on the exterior of the home. No indoor cameras are present - your privacy is fully respected.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home.  Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home.  We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay.  In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee.  Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver.  It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay.  The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior.  Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!).  Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage.  The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines. 

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Fun fact: Been in multiple earthquakes together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23140 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting