URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1149187917570120989
Latitude: 36.1543
Longitude: -86.775
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Downtown Nashville just minutes from Broadway in this stylish 1BR retreat with a private balcony. Sleeping up to 6 guests, the apartment features three queen beds, a gourmet kitchen, Smart TV, in-unit laundry, and access to premium amenities including a pool, fitness center, sky lounge, and coworking spaces. Walk to live music, Bridgestone Arena, The Gulch, and Nashville's top attractions.

The space
Stylish Downtown Nashville Retreat

Experience the best of Music City from this modern apartment in Nashville's vibrant SoBro district. Featuring a private balcony, upscale amenities, and an unbeatable location near Broadway, this is the perfect home base for your Nashville adventure.

Sleeping Arrangements

🛏️ Bedroom

Queen bed
Private en-suite bathroom

🛏️ Additional Sleeping Area

Two queen beds

👥 Accommodates up to 6 guests comfortably

Apartment Features

🌇 Private balcony with seating for two

📺 Smart TV for streaming and entertainment

☕ Coffee bar for your morning brew

🍳 Gourmet kitchen with stainless steel appliances

✨ Quartz countertops and oversized island

🧺 In-unit washer and dryer

📶 High-speed WiFi

💼 Dedicated workspace for remote work

Luxury Building Amenities

🏊 Outdoor swimming pool

💪 Two-level fitness center

🧘 Yoga studio

🧗 Climbing wall

🌆 Sky lounge with city views

🔥 Fire pits and grilling stations

🌳 Courtyard gathering spaces

🏢 The Collective coworking and lounge area

🛎️ On-site concierge, maintenance, and security

Parking

🚗 One reserved parking space available for $35/night

Additional paid parking options are available nearby.

Permit #2018070961

Guest access
Guests will have full private access to the apartment and shared access to all building amenities and common areas.

The property utilizes the LATCH access system for secure entry. Prior to arrival, instructions will be provided for accessing the apartment, building entrances, elevators, stairwells, parking garage, and amenities.

If you arrive before check-in or depart after check-out and require luggage storage, Baggage Bellhop is available onsite daily from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM.

Please note that occasional city noise, nearby events, construction activity, or temporary amenity closures may occur due to the property's prime downtown location.

Other things to note
Please note that building amenities such as the pool, fitness center, elevators, and common areas are managed by the building and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance or unforeseen circumstances. Refunds cannot be provided for temporary amenity closures.

Important Building Policies:

🚭 No smoking or vaping anywhere on the property.

🍹 No glass containers permitted in pool areas.

🔇 Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM – 7:00 AM.

🏊 Pool Hours: 10:00 AM – 8:00 PM.

🐾 No pets allowed.

🅿️ Lost or unreturned parking passes may incur replacement fees.

📹 Security cameras are located in common areas including the courtyard, parking areas, The Collective, lobby, sky lounge, and pool.

🏢 Building amenities and common spaces are shared with other residents and guests.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jacqueline
Host User ID: 440877392
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/440877392
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are passionate about hosting the best possible experience for our guests and take pride in providing high quality luxury stays.  Guest experience is our top priority.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 years hosting
120 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting