URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/35792257
Latitude: 36.20541
Longitude: -86.73796
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This superbly style brand new duplex makes for a perfect luxurious getaway. 

Between the 2 units, there are 6 beds and 3.5 bathrooms, it's absolutely ideal for groups of friends & family looking for a convenient location in Nashville. Perfect if you want to be close to the hustle and bustle of Nashville but not right in the middle of it. Excellent for people looking for an exquisite Nashville home. Comfortable and stylish. We love to go that extra mile so you feel like you are at home.

The space
This property is 2 units together, each of them with their own kitchen, their own laundry area and independent entry.

Bedrooms: 
A total of 4 spacious bedrooms, each featuring a full bathroom, luxury linens, and ample storage space.

Bathrooms: 
3 and 1/2 beautifully updated bathrooms with a walk-in shower, plush towels, and essential toiletries provided.

Living Area: 
An inviting open-plan living space with cozy seating, and plenty of natural light.

Kitchen: 
Two fully-equipped kitchen with modern appliances, perfect for whipping up a homemade meal or enjoying a quick breakfast before heading out to explore.

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire property

Other things to note
House rules: 

As a Superhost, we aim to make your stay as comfortable as it can possibly be! We really want everyone to have an amazing experience. To make this possible it would be fantastic if you could do your best to follow these house rules. Thank you in advance and truly appreciate your cooperation!
 
-NO PETS ALLOWED, if guest are found to have had a pet without host permission, guests will be responsible for $1,000 USD extra cleaning charges

- Please, please don't smoke inside the home.

- FREE parking is provided on the driveway. Our driveway is suitable for all types of cars. You can park up to 4 vehicles on the driveway. Do not park at any adjacent property.

- Please return all accessories to their rightful places at the end of your stay.

- Feel free to use the whole home, set up for our super guests’ leisure use only. Our home is not meant for inviting others as it will be considered as hosting a party.

- We may or may not leave consumables such as condiments or snacks left behind by previous guests if they are not empty. We try our very best to ensure that it is not expired or stale. HOWEVER, ultimately, it is up to the guests' discretion and inspection to consume these items if they wish.  The host does not take any responsibility for the consumables.

- Please do not rearrange our furniture. Even though you may be fabulous interior designers! :)

 - If guests are found to have had a party without host permission which results in extra cleaning, guests will be responsible for extra cleaning charges and in the unfortunate event of the disruptions alerting neighbors, GUESTS WILL BE ASKED TO VACATE THE PROPERTY IMMEDIATELY.

- Lastly, because this is an Airbnb community not a hotel, and is also our home, please be respectful of the property and keep it clean before you leave. 

If you have read it this far, thanks for being a SUPER GUEST! Looking forward to host you soon.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Victor
Host User ID: 35100052
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/35100052
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi!

My name is Victor! I am a travel enthusiast who loves sports and outdoors but my passion is entrepreneurship and hospitality. That’s why I love being able to share the experience of staying in this part of Nashville.

I will always try to meet your expectation and even go beyond the expectation of your stay. If you have suggestions for me, please let me know!
Some great features I have are due to the inspirations of other guests that stayed with me and had interesting ideas. So please don't hesitate to let me know your thoughts. Feel free to communicate with me!

Hope to see you soon,

Victor
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Colorado State
Response rate: 97%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1679 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting