URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1739250542866425594
Latitude: 36.16153596848439
Longitude: -86.7756169245716
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Showroom by AvantStay. Set inside the historic Saddlery Building, this design-forward two-bedroom trades on downtown's original brick-and-beam character — an open, easy-flowing layout with Broadway's neon just two minutes out the door.

🎸 Two-minute walk to Broadway & the honky-tonks
🛏️ Two king bedrooms, sleeps 6 with a workstation
🍳 Full kitchen with island seating

The space
Set inside the historic Saddlery Building, Showroom is a design-minded two-bedroom that trades on downtown Nashville's original character — brick-and-beam bones, an open, easy-flowing layout, and a location that puts Broadway's neon just two minutes from your door. It's the rare spot where you can leave the car parked and let the city carry you: the honky-tonks, a cold one at The Stillery, and the tucked-away energy of Printers Alley are all a short walk away.

Inside, the open-concept living space is built for a crew. Sink-in seating and a smart TV make it a natural place to regroup — recapping last night or easing into a slow morning — while the coffee table quietly does triple duty as snack bar, card table, and charging station. The layout keeps everyone connected from any corner, and a sleeper sofa adds flexibility when the guest list grows.

The kitchen is fully equipped and genuinely up for anything, from midnight snacks to next-morning pancakes. Stainless steel appliances, a four-burner stove, oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, and dishwasher cover the essentials, and there's generous counter space for a pizza spread or a build-your-own mimosa bar. The island seats five — the kind of place where late-night conversations and early-morning plans tend to happen — and the drip coffee maker is ready for whoever's up first.

Both bedrooms are anchored by king beds, so no one draws the short straw. The primary adds a built-in work station for the friend who's "technically here on business," while the living-room sleeper sofa rounds out sleeping for up to six. A full bathroom with a shower/tub combo and a separate half bath keep mornings moving.

A couple of honest notes: the unit sits on the building's fourth floor, with an elevator on site. And since you're right in the heart of downtown, expect the soundtrack that comes with it — music from nearby bars, the occasional siren, the steady hum of a city that stays up late. Paid parking is available in nearby lots and along the street.

Step outside and Music City unfolds fast: the stages of Ole Red and Chiefs, the Johnny Cash Museum, Dierks Bentley's Whiskey Row, and Robert's Western World are all within an easy stroll, with Bridgestone Arena close by for a Predators night. A few minutes' drive opens up the Gulch, Germantown, and Music Row, plus Vanderbilt, Centennial Park, and — a little farther out — the Grand Ole Opry.  

In the heart of downtown Nashville, The Saddlery puts you within a few blocks of both Broadway and Printer's Alley — one of the most walkable, most coveted addresses in the city. This is downtown the way you'd actually want to do it: live music and honky-tonks one direction, tucked-away bars and late-night eateries the other, rooftop views and local favorites filling in everywhere between. Inside, thoughtfully designed units give you somewhere just as good to come back to — a place to slow down and regroup between the nights out. And when the whole crew's in town, units can be booked together, so larger groups can spread out while staying right next door to one another.

Please note: Photos are representative of the property's quality and style. Individual units may vary slightly in layout, decor, and aesthetic details.

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

AvantStay provides an upscale experience with services that elevate your stay and save time so you can enjoy every moment. Guests have access to a 24/7 support team and a tech-enabled concierge to book services, such as fridge stocking, mid-stay cleanings, and private chefs. For anything you need (or never knew you needed), we're at your service!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note this unit is located on the 4th floor of the building; however, an elevator is available onsite.
- This unit is located in the heart of downtown Nashville. Nashville is an energetic place, so guests may experience noises from nearby restaurants, bars, sirens and construction.
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- Local bookings aren't accepted — guests whose primary residence is within two hours of the property can't reserve this home.
- Identity verification (name, address, phone, and photo ID) is required within 48 hours of booking.
- No parties, events, or weddings.
- Starter kits for the kitchen and bathrooms are a courtesy to get your stay going and aren't restocked mid-trip.
- Booking guest must be at least 21 years old.
- The building offers both stair and elevator access to all Saddlery units.
- Please note that individual units may vary slightly in design, location, and views. Photos are representative and may not reflect the exact unit booked.
- There's no washer or dryer in the unit, but a laundromat is located nearby for anyone who needs to freshen up a few things during a longer stay.

Parking Details:
- Paid Parking lots are nearby
- Paid Street Parking is available

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

Registration Details
2020053971

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting