URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1311221151956018948
Latitude: 36.3805
Longitude: -86.9194
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Cheatham County, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 7
beds: 12
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Cedar Peak Retreat, where luxury meets comfort for a one-of-a-kind escape just 25 minutes from downtown Nashville! Nestled on 10+ private acres, this expansive 4,775 sq. ft. home sleeps up to 24 guests and offers endless amenities for relaxation, entertainment, and memory-making fun. Whether you're planning a family reunion, a group getaway, or a celebratory retreat, Cedar Peak Retreat is your perfect destination.

The space
Things You'll Love
Outdoor Oasis
✧ Outdoor pool (open March through October, weather permitting)
✧ Hot tub, available year round
✧ Fire pit and yard games
✧ Outdoor playground
✧ Covered patio
✧ Outdoor dining with a gas grill
✧ Treehouse with slide and tire swing (perfect for the kids!)
✧ Golf practice area with an elevated tee platform and putting green ⛳

Inside
✧ Full home gym
✧ Movie theatre room 🎥
✧ Karaoke room
✧ Game room with arcade game, chess, bar, pool table and ping pong 🏓
✧ Sauna

Sleeping Arrangements
✧ Bedroom 1: King bed (Main Level)
✧ Bedroom 2: Queen bed (Main Level)
✧ Bedroom 3: King bed (Upper Level)
✧ Bedroom 4: King bed (Upper Level)
✧ Bedroom 5: Two queen beds (Upper Level)
✧ Bedroom 6: Two queen beds (Lower Level)
✧ Bedroom 7: Two full over full bunks (Lower Level)

The Space
Welcome to Cedar Peak Retreat. We want you to know exactly what to expect before you book, because we believe a great stay starts with honest details.

Let's start in the lower level, where your group will likely spend a lot of time together. Walking in, you're greeted by a spacious game room built for every age. Challenge someone to pool or ping pong on the combo table, take a shot at the Golden Tee arcade game, or settle in for a game of chess. This room also has life size Jenga tucked in for the nights that turn into friendly competition.

Just past the game room is the karaoke room, complete with a raised stage, microphones, and a karaoke machine. The music themed decor makes it easy to work up the nerve for your next performance.

From there, you'll find the theatre room. We set this up with cozy sofa style seating, a projector for the big screen experience, and a popcorn machine, because movie night should feel like an occasion.

The lower level also holds two of the home's bedrooms. One is set up for groups with two full over full bunk beds, and the other offers two queen beds for a quieter night's rest. A full bathroom on this level keeps things convenient for everyone staying down here.

Step outside from the lower level and you're in a backyard built for relaxing together. There's covered sofa seating for quiet mornings, lounge chairs and bean bag seating around the pool for lazy afternoons, and a covered deck with a dining table for six and a propane grill for whenever you're ready to cook together. Head up the outdoor staircase and you'll find the hot tub, a peaceful spot for the end of your day. The kids will enjoy the update treehouse with a slide and tire swing, so they can create their own outdoor adventures. 

Upstairs on the main level is the heart of the home. The kitchen is fully stocked with everything you need, from quality appliances to the cookware and tools that make cooking for a crowd easy. A coffee bar is set up here too, because mornings go better with a good cup of coffee close by. Just off the kitchen you'll find the home gym, a laundry room, and a bathroom.

The living room is where most evenings will wind down, with large windows looking out over the countryside, comfortable sectional and chair seating, and a stone fireplace that runs floor to ceiling with a large screen TV above it. This level also has two bedrooms, one with a king bed and one with a queen, plus a master suite just off the living room with its own ensuite bathroom and a private terrace overlooking the pool and woods. It's a nice quiet spot for a morning coffee or an evening drink.

The second main level bedroom has a queen bed and a view over the front porch and open landscape, a comfortable, cozy space for anyone in your group.

When it comes to meals, there's room for everyone. The dining table seats 10 with two more seats at the bar, and the covered patio off the kitchen adds another dining space for 8, perfect for eating outside.

For anyone who wants to stay active during their stay, the home gym has a squat rack, box jump, battle ropes, treadmill, elliptical, stationary bike, dumbbells, benches, resistance bands, and yoga mats.

Up on the second level, you'll find three more bedrooms and a full bathroom, each with its own cozy, thoughtful design. Two of the bedrooms have desks set up, and reliable high speed WiFi runs throughout the house if anyone needs to stay connected. A custom mural also decorates this level, one of the standout details in the home.

Throughout the house, you'll find kids' games and TVs, so everyone has a way to unwind. Whether you're catching up on a show or cheering on your team, there's a screen nearby.

For families traveling with little ones, the outdoor playground gives kids room to climb and explore while parents relax on the nearby bench seating. And once the sun goes down, the fire pit and string lights create the kind of evening we hope you'll remember long after you leave.

A Few Details
✧ There's plenty of parking in the driveway out front for your group.
✧ Pool towels are provided, and we'd appreciate it if you could give those a wash before you check out. Bath towels and linens are provided as well and will be freshly laundered by our cleaning team after your stay. We just ask that bath towels stay inside and aren't used by the pool.

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Guest access
Prior to your arrival, we will send you a comprehensive email with all the information needed to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth and seamless check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized exclusively for your stay, to provide you with secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or require assistance at any point, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re dedicated to making your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
The outdoor pool is open late March through mid October, weather permitting, and is not heated. We recommend keeping this in mind if you're booking outside of the warmer months.

If anything comes up during your stay, we're here and easy to reach. Our goal is always for you to leave feeling like you were genuinely taken care of.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5403 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting