URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1285053084922511709
Latitude: 36.20557924715822
Longitude: -86.73059840787371
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Uncommon House - where your ultimate luxury getaway awaits!  Nestled in vibrant East Nashville - just 10 minutes from Broadway - this brand-new 3,500 sq. ft. modern home blends comfort, style, and convenience. Perfect for group getaways, bachelorette parties, or family vacations. Experience the best of Music City from this stunning, spacious retreat that offers 5 luxurious bedrooms and 3.5 baths, comfortably housing up to 12 guests with ample space to relax and enjoy.

The space
What Guests Love:

Ample Space for Everyone: Featuring 12 spacious beds and various seating areas, this home ensures everyone has room to relax without feeling cramped—perfect for family vacations or group getaways.

Entertainment Hub: Unwind in the dedicated movie room with a projector screen, comfy loungers, wine & beer fridge, and large Roku-equipped TVs for a luxurious entertainment experience.

Photo Opportunity Heaven: Capture your Nashville memories against our gorgeous green ivy wall with the eye-catching "Be Uncommon" neon sign, complete with a glam station for getting ready.

Busy Bee Glam Area: Our stylish getting ready area is equipped with light-up mirrors, vanity space, and hangers for all your outfits.

Pet-Friendly: Fenced in backyard for your furry friends to safely roam and play.

BBQ Grill & Chill: Enjoy outdoor cooking on the spacious backyard deck.

Trendy Location: Just a quick drive to Downtown, Nissan Stadium, and Bridgestone Arena, enjoy the balanced tranquility of East Nashville with easy access to the city’s hotspots.

Fully Stocked Coffee Bar: Fuel your adventures with your favorite brews. Our Keurig coffee machine and plenty of coffee supplies will ensure you’re ready to explore.

House Details and Amenities

Step inside this exquisitely designed home, perfectly suited for a luxurious vacation or a vibrant group trip.

MAIN FLOOR

Modern Kitchen: Equipped with all essential dishes, utensils, and appliances, including a fully stocked coffee bar to satisfy every caffeine craving.

Living & Dining Room: Relax in the spacious living area with a sectional couch and 65” TV for streaming your favorite movies, easily accommodating gatherings with seating for 8 at the elegant dining table—complete with additional bar stools for friendly chats.

Half Bathroom: Located off the dining area, featuring lively wallpaper for a fun touch.

Master Suite Bedroom 1: King size bed with walk-in closets, an en-suite bathroom, and a private desk area for work or relaxation.

Master Bathroom 1: Luxurious amenities like a large soaking tub, standing shower, private toilet, and double sinks for convenience.

Laundry: Full-size washer and dryer for your convenience.

UPSTAIRS

Bedroom 2: Two queen size beds with a spacious walk-in closet.

Bedroom 3: A full size bed with a sliding door for added privacy, connected to a shared bathroom.

Bedroom 4: Three full size beds and a glam station with four vanities, complete with a scenic walk-out balcony.

Movie Room: Two full size beds/loungers and a projector movie screen for your very own private theater experience!

Bathroom 2: Accessible from bedrooms 2 and 3.

Bathroom 3: Accessible from bedrooms 4 and 5.

For your ultimate comfort, each bedroom is equipped with room darkening shades to ensure a restful night’s sleep, helping you recharge for another fun-filled day exploring all that Nashville has to offer.

OUTSIDE

Backyard: A fenced yard with ample space for your dogs to play, along with an outdoor grill on the deck for alfresco dining.

Convenience and Comfort
Enjoy the ease of Self Check-In with our state-of-the-art smart lock featuring a keypad entry system. You'll receive your personalized access code prior to arrival, allowing you to settle in and start your vacation without any hassle.

The Neighborhood

Explore East Nashville, known for its eclectic and artsy vibe, featuring some of the best restaurants, live music venues, and trendy hotspots. With quick access to Broadway’s excitement via a 10-minute Uber ride, you can easily enjoy downtown attractions such as Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, Grand Ole Opry, Music Row, and more.

Pet-Friendly Haven

Bring your pups along! Our fenced backyard is perfect for pets to roam freely. Pet Policy: Up to 2 dogs allowed ($150 non-refundable fee). Sorry, no cats.

Parking

Plenty of free driveway parking! Our circular driveway accommodates up to 6 cars comfortably—no street parking needed.

House Rules
Maximum of 12 guests.
Maximum of 6 vehicles.
No smoking.
Must be 25+ years old to book.
Quiet hours: 10:00 PM - 8:00 AM.
No parties or loud music.
Trash must be taken out for Tuesday morning pickup.
No cats allowed.
No trailers parked in the driveway or streets.
FAQs
Parking? Yes, up to 6 cars in the driveway.
Refunds for bad weather? No refunds due to weather or natural disasters.

BOOK YOUR UNCOMMON EXPERIENCE TODAY!  Enjoy luxury, comfort, and unforgettable moments at The Uncommon House. Your Nashville adventure awaits!

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire house, driveway, and backyard.

Other things to note
The property has 11 beds in total. Here's the breakdown:

- Bedroom 1: 1 king bed
- Bedroom 2: 2 queen beds
- Movie Room: 2 full-size beds on top and 2 pull-out loungers below them
- Bedroom 4: 3 full-size beds
- Bedroom 5: 1 full-size bed

Registration Details
2024051639

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Wesley
Host User ID: 231109925
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/231109925
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
2 years hosting