URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1663748615290075572
Latitude: 36.14619
Longitude: -86.81548
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Nashville’s West End from this 5th Floor Corner Condo with Private Patio! Walk to Vanderbilt Stadium and Centennial Park in minutes. Enjoy a King Suite, pool, and a state-of-the-art gym. Only 5 mins from Broadway honky tonks! Secure garage parking included. Service animals welcome. The perfect safe, stylish, and walkable hub for your Music City sports or school trip!

The space
Welcome to your 5th Floor Corner Condo with a Private Patio—your elevated West End Game Day Retreat! 🎻

Step into a bright, modern 2-bedroom sanctuary filled with soaring floor-to-ceiling windows that flood the space with natural light and showcase the best of Nashville living. Perfect for game days, campus visits, or a weekend on Broadway, this stylish condo puts you right in the heart of the West End’s unbeatable “Goldilocks” location.

🛏️ Comfortable & Flexible Sleeping for Your Group:
• 2 spacious bedrooms, each featuring a plush King bed
• Living room includes a Queen sleeper sofa—perfect for additional guests
• Ideal setup for families, couples, or group trips

💎 The West End Advantage:
Walkable “Triple Threat”: Just steps to Centennial Park, Vanderbilt Campus, and local favorites like Hattie B’s Hot Chicken.

Poolside Relaxation: Unwind at the luxury pool after a day at the stadium or a night on Broadway.

Private Patio Perk: Enjoy your own outdoor space—perfect for morning coffee or evening drinks above the city.

🏡 Inside the Home:
• Bright, open-concept layout with designer touches throughout
• Expansive floor-to-ceiling windows create an airy, upscale feel
• Fully stocked kitchen + spacious living area for gathering
• In-unit washer/dryer, high-speed WiFi, and Smart TVs in every room

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Stay:
• Easy self check-in with secure digital access
• Contactless arrival—check in anytime after 4 PM
• Gated garage parking included 🚗

📍 Prime Location:
• Centennial Park (3 min walk) 🌳
• Vanderbilt Stadium (10 min walk) 🏈
• Broadway Honky Tonks (5 min drive) 👢
• Top dining just steps away

🐾 Pet Policy:
• No pets allowed 🚫🐕
• Service animals welcome

The perfect blend of style, comfort, and location—your 5th floor corner escape with a private patio is ready for your Nashville stay! 🤠✨

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4541 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting