URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/983938571056492254
Latitude: 36.2407
Longitude: -86.5721
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Green Hill, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
You will LOVE this beautiful 3 bedroom, 2 bath house! Only 2 minutes from our favorite Lake - Old Hickory Lake! This house has a Large private treed backyard on corner lot with 2 back decks with outdoor seating, outdoor dining space, and two fire pits. Spacious on the inside and the outside. Enjoy lounging outside while taking in the beautiful Tennessee weather. When you’re not exploring the city or having fun on the lake, our cozy house is the perfect location to relax and unwind. A must stay!

The space
This beautiful and spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bath home is in such a great location. It’s only 2 minutes from our personal favorite Lake in Nashville called Old Hickory Lake and boat ramp Shutes Branch Recreation Area.  The home is perfectly situated between two of the most fun marinas in Nashville - 6 miles to Scoreboard Bar and Grill at Cedar Creek Marina which has a floating restaurant, bar and live music and only 6 miles to Sam’s Sports Bar and Grill Blue Turtle Bay which has a floating restaurant and bar. Also a very easy 12 mile drive from the Nashville BNA airport and 17 miles to downtown Nashville - Broadway. 

Our home isn’t just spacious on the inside. In the back you can enjoy the two tier patio with plenty of seating options, a grill, and a fire pit for evening get togethers, and sing alongs. The top patio is perfect for soaking up the sun with dining seating. And the bottom patio is comfortably shaded and perfect for lounging and enjoying the beautiful Tennessee weather. Our backyard is private and the massive trees keep it temperate and private. When you’re not exploring the city or enjoying the inside of our cozy home, our patios and yard are perfect for outdoor fun. For your boat or RV you have a an inclosed 24'x 40' with 12 ft ceiling height covered storage . 

HOUSE LAYOUT:
You will enjoy this entire home with thoughtfully designed rooms and living spaces.

Lake Life and Country Music has THREE spacious bedrooms optimal for sleeping 8 guests.  There are also 4 vanity stations to get ready which are separate from the bathrooms to allow everyone a personal space area for getting ready for your day or night out on the town.

All fun and funky tones flow throughout the home. 
This home is newly furnished with your comfort in mind and our goal is to make you feel right at home.

HOUSE FEATURES:

Living Room
Kitchen
Dining Room
2 Outdoor patios

DOLLY PARTON BEDROOM FEATURES:
1 King Beds
Vanity Station for 2 for ease of getting ready
In Suite Bathroom

ALAN JACKSON BEDROOM FEATURES:
1 King Bed
Vanity Station for 2 for ease of getting ready

GEORGE STRAIT & REBA MCENTIRE FEATURES:
2 Queen Beds 
Vanity Stations for 4 for ease of getting ready

This newly remodeled 3 bedroom 2 bath home includes all the amenities to make you feel right at home:

AMENITIES INCLUDE:
- Outdoor fire pit 
- Patio fire pit
- Smart TV in the living room
- Smart TVs in each bedroom
- Luxury finishes and fixtures
- Free WiFi
- Fully equipped kitchen
- Dining table with seating for 8 guests
- Washer & Dryer FREE inside the home
- Iron/Iron board
- Hair dryers 
- Fresh bed linens (professionally cleaned and sanitized) 
- Four individual vanity stations for ease of getting ready with your group 
- Plush towels
- Toiletries - shampoo, conditioner, body soap, body lotion
- Cozy pillows
- Dishwasher
- Keurig coffeemaker - coffee, creamer, sugar
- Air-conditioning/heat

If this space is booked please feel free to inquire about our other accommodation options.

HELPFUL BOOKING DETAILS:

PRESIDENTS/VETERANS/MEMORIAL/JULY 4th/LABOR DAY HOLIDAY WEEKENDS: Sunday night must be booked with your reservation!

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
In addition if you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

CLEANING:
We pride ourselves in providing a clean home for our guests. We hire cleaners that not only work hard, but take pride in their craft. They treat the property as their own and we pay them well for a thoroughly clean home. If during your stay, anything isn’t up to your standard please let us know immediately so that we can make it right for you right away. Your satisfaction is our top priority.

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire home during their stay. Free parking, free 24’x 40’ foot covered boat and RV parking and keyless entry are included for convenience!

Other things to note
We are located close to 2 area Lakes. 
Old Hickory Lake 200 yards away. 
Percy Priest Lake is 10 miles away. 
This home has a 40’ x 24’ feet , covered area for your boat or RV in the back of the home.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dorinda
Host User ID: 28196034
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/28196034
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born and raised in Nashville, we are deeply connected to the local music, boating, and warm community that feels like family. We’ve thoughtfully prepared every detail to make your stay truly special and comfortable. Whether it’s your first visit or you’re a seasoned traveler, this is your home away from home. Need anything? Just ask, we’re here to ensure you feel right at home in your cozy Nashville retreat.
Where I went to school: Small country cow town
My work: CozyStays&HappyHeart
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
4448 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting