URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1150951967237240999
Latitude: 36.15209
Longitude: -86.77788
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Game day starts at Skybox Suite, a sports-themed HYVE condo btw Downtown and The Gulch w/stunning views! With 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, a pool table, and plenty of space to kick back with your crew, this spacious retreat designed by local designer & influencer Evane Stoner is ideal for game weekends, group trips, and celebrations, all minutes from Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, Midtown dining, the Music City Center, and Nashville’s best bars and live music!

The space
Skybox Suite is built for sports fans and social travelers who want their Nashville home base to feel like a private lounge with front-row energy. The main living area offers plenty of comfy seating for the whole crew to kick back and hang out together. A full-size pool table keeps the fun going between outings, and the adjoining kitchen makes it easy to prep snacks, mix drinks, or lay out game-day spreads. Just outside, a wraparound balcony extends the experience outdoors—perfect for catching fresh air, taking in city views, and relaxing between games and nights on Broadway.

With four true bedrooms and three bathrooms, the layout is designed to keep groups comfortable. Two bedrooms feature king beds and a primary-suite feel, another bedroom offers a queen bed, and the fourth bedroom includes a queen-over-queen bunk—perfect for friends or family who do not mind sharing but still want real mattresses and space. Multiple bathrooms mean less waiting around when everyone is getting ready at once, whether you’re heading to a Titans or Preds game, a night on Broadway, or a busy day at nearby hospitals and campuses.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements
BEDROOM 1: 1 KING BED W/ 2 TWIN TRUNDLES WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 2: 1 KING BED
BEDROOM 3: 1 QUEEN BED	
BEDROOM 4: 1 QUEEN OVER QUEEN BUNK BED

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, and laundry and dishwasher pods. 

Notice: The projector is temporarily out of service and is currently unavailable for guest use.

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

📍 About Hyve
Hyve is a modern condo community on the edge of Downtown Nashville and The Gulch, situated in an urban setting across from a local Christian rescue mission. Enjoy amazing amenities:
★  Seasonal outdoor pool with cabanas
★ Fitness center open 24/7
★ Outdoor lounge spaces, gas grill, fire pits, ping pong
★  Secure on-site parking, and on-site security and concierge. 
★ Complimentary luggage drop-off
★  On-site market offering a coffee station, ice, and convenient vending machines.

★★ Exclusive Hyve Guest Perks★★
As a guest at Hyve, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Hyve’s partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Check-in is simple with smart locks. Before your arrival, we’ll send detailed instructions with your door codes, directions to the unit, and any access info for shared amenities or parking. Please review these notes ahead of time to ensure a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
★Parking at Hyve★
One secured parking space may be available in the private upper-level garage on a first-come, first-served basis. Parking is not guaranteed. Guests may park only in unreserved open spaces; spaces marked “Reserved” are for the assigned unit only. Garage access requires the Latch app, and the tiled panda artwork at the garage entrance confirms you are in the correct garage.

Please note that the private garage has a narrow exit, so SUVs or larger vehicles may be more comfortable using the public garage.

If the private garage is full or you have more than one vehicle, paid public parking is available in the lower garage at the bottom of the hill. Guests are responsible for all parking fees and fines. The standard rate is $40/day, and Hyve guests may receive 50% off using the QR code in the elevators or at the concierge desk.

EV chargers are available in both garages for an additional fee. Towing is strictly enforced, so please park only in designated spaces.

★Urban Location, Trains & Soundproofing★
Hyve is located in an active urban corridor between Downtown and The Gulch. Freight trains run directly behind the rear side of the building and may be heard during your stay. Units are soundproofed with triple-glazed windows to help reduce outside noise. For added comfort, sound machines and/or earplugs are provided.

Hyve is also on the same block as a local Christian rescue mission that serves homeless neighbors in need, so guests may notice typical city activity and foot traffic from people accessing nearby services. The building itself is secure-access, but the surrounding area is lively and mixed-use rather than a quiet suburban setting.

★Building Security & Access ★
Hyve is a secure-access building with controlled entry points and onsite overnight security. Common areas and hallways are monitored by security cameras, and guests access the property via digital access codes.

★Luggage Drop-off ★
Complimentary luggage storage is available with the Hyve concierge in the lobby from 9:30 AM – 5:30 PM, seven days a week. Pickup must occur before 5:30 PM. Service is first-come, first-served.

★Amenities & Building Facilities★
Guests have access to the building’s shared amenities and common areas. While we promptly notify the HOA or building management of any issues, we do not control the cleanliness, maintenance, repair, or availability of these shared spaces and cannot guarantee specific amenities will be available at all times.

★Smoke-Free Home & Community★
In accordance with building rules, smoking is not permitted inside the unit or any common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Supplies & Essentials★
We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.

★Families & Baby Gear★
Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play and baby gate (in homes with stairs) available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.

★Maintenance & Repairs★	
Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.

★Trash, Recycling & Cardboard★ 
A trash chute is located to the left of the elevators on every level; all trash must be bagged and securely tied before using the chute. Cardboard boxes and larger items should not go down the chute, please break them down and dispose of them in the designated dumpsters in the lower-level garage bins.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
My work: Humming Host’s CEO
Most useless skill: I can juggle
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2658 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting