URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1736317110021931367
Latitude: 36.13565
Longitude: -86.80287
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Belcourt by AvantStay. Named for the historic movie house around the corner, this bright, easygoing retreat sits in the heart of Hillsboro Village — Nashville's most walkable pocket of shops, cafés, and kitchens, with Vanderbilt and Belmont just up the street.

☕ Steps to Hillsboro Village shops & cafés
🎬 Named for the nearby historic Belcourt Theatre
🌿 Shared building terrace + in-unit laundry

The space
Hillsboro Village has a way of pulling you in. It's the kind of Nashville neighborhood where a whole morning can disappear inside a few blocks — coffee and a pastry, a slow browse through the independent bookshops and boutiques, then a film at the Belcourt Theatre, the beloved historic movie house that shares this home's name. Belcourt sits right in the middle of it all, a short walk from the corners, shops, and kitchens that make this one of the city's most cherished and genuinely walkable pockets.

Breakfast is close to a local sport here. Pancake Pantry has been drawing lines around the block for decades, Biscuit Love turns out buttermilk biscuits and fried chicken worth the wait, and the cafés along the village streets are built for lingering. When you're ready to roam, Vanderbilt and Belmont University sit practically next door, Music Row is minutes to the north, and the stages and honky-tonks of Broadway are a quick ride downtown. Belmont Mansion and its historic grounds make for an easy afternoon closer to home.

Inside, the space stays bright and easy. Warm wood tones, curated artwork, and comfortable, unfussy furnishings strike a polished-but-lived-in balance. The kitchen comes fully equipped for anything from a rushed weekday breakfast to a proper dinner in, and the living area is made for slow evenings — a streamed movie, good company, and nowhere in particular to be.

In-unit laundry, central heating and air, and a setup that suits stays of any length let you actually settle in. Guests also share the building's outdoor terrace, an easy place to catch some air, unwind after a full day, or trade recommendations with fellow travelers.

For live music, a ballgame, a campus visit, or a long weekend that quietly stretches into something longer, Belcourt keeps the best of Nashville within reach while tucking you into one of its most characterful neighborhoods — the kind of place that stops feeling like a stop and starts feeling like somewhere you live for a few days.

While all units provide the same great amenities and overall experience, each space has its own unique layout and décor. Some units include balconies that overlook the terrace, while some include outdoor spaces that lead directly to the terrace. The exact unit you receive may vary slightly from the photos.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- This unit has a private balcony.

Parking Details:

• Parking is available for a flat $14/day with in/out privileges when you register your vehicle on your check-in day before arriving at the garage.
• Park only in the gated section of the garage. Enter via the ramp on Belcourt Avenue directly across from the Belcourt Theatre at 2111 Belcourt Ave, between Blo and Anzie Blue. Do not enter or park in the garage section accessed from the back alley. Your parking registration is not valid there, and you may receive a ticket.

Registration Details
2020015993

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting