URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1431169666089464502
Latitude: 36.1503
Longitude: -86.8218
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the best of Music City from this stylish 2BR/2BA apartment with beautiful skyline views, just minutes from Broadway, The Gulch, and Music Row. Perfect for couples, families, business travelers, and weekend getaways, this modern retreat sleeps up to 6 guests and features a king bed, queen bed, sofa sleeper, fully equipped kitchen, resort-style pool, fitness center, and secure parking. Enjoy comfort, convenience, and one of Nashville's best locations.

The space
🏙️ Welcome to your modern Nashville getaway!

Whether you're visiting for live music, sporting events, business, or a relaxing weekend, this stylish apartment offers everything you need to experience Music City in comfort.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements

🛏️ Primary Bedroom – King bed with premium linens

🛏️ Second Bedroom – Queen bed with spacious storage

🛋️ Living Room – Comfortable sofa sleeper for additional guests

Sleeps up to 6 guests comfortably.

✨ What You'll Love

🌆 Beautiful skyline views of Nashville

🛋️ Bright open-concept living area with modern décor

🍳 Fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances and cookware

🍽️ Dining space perfect for meals or remote work

📺 Smart TVs throughout the apartment

📶 Fast Wi-Fi for streaming and working remotely

🛁 Two modern bathrooms stocked with fresh towels and essentials

🏢 Building Amenities

Enjoy access to premium community amenities throughout your stay:

🏊 Resort-style outdoor swimming pool

💪 24-hour fitness center

💻 Resident lounges and co-working spaces

🚗 Secure garage parking available for $25/night

📍 Nearby Attractions

🎤 Music Row – 5 minutes

🍸 The Gulch – 7 minutes

🎸 Broadway – 10 minutes

🏟️ Bridgestone Arena – 10 minutes

🏈 Nissan Stadium – 12 minutes

☕ Local coffee shops, breweries, restaurants, and boutiques just minutes away

Whether you're here for concerts, sporting events, business, or a weekend escape, this apartment places you close to everything Nashville has to offer.

Permit #2025037980

Guest access
Guests will enjoy full private access to the apartment along with shared access to the building's amenities.

Access to the building is provided via a key fob. One key fob will be available for your use during your stay and can be used to access the building and applicable common areas.

Please note that the building allows only one key fob per reservation, so we are unable to provide additional fobs. We recommend coordinating with your group accordingly.

Guests may access:

🏊 Resort-style pool

💪 Fitness center

💻 Resident lounges

🚗 Secure garage parking (additional fee)

🏢 Shared building amenities

Other things to note
Please note that building amenities such as the pool, fitness center, elevators, and other shared facilities are managed by the building. Occasionally these amenities may be unavailable due to maintenance or unforeseen circumstances. Refunds cannot be issued for temporary amenity closures.

Building Policies

🚭 No smoking or vaping anywhere on the property, including balconies, pool areas, and common spaces. ($500 fine)

🍹 No glass containers permitted in the pool area. ($500 fine)

🔇 Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM – 7:00 AM

🏊 Pool Hours: 10:00 AM – 8:00 PM

🐾 No pets allowed.

📹 Security cameras monitor shared areas including the gym, parking areas, lobby, lounges, and pool.

🔑 One key fob is provided per reservation. Additional key fobs are not available.

🏢 Building amenities and common areas are shared with other residents and guests.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Leah
Host User ID: 180985588
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/180985588
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! I am so excited to host you and am passionate about creating a 5-star experience during your stay. I've been in Nashville about 4 years and fell in love with the city. I'd love to give you recommendations on places to eat or things to do, just let me know!
Born in the 90s
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
959 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting