URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1626191390508725734
Latitude: 36.12987
Longitude: -86.87924
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into a newly-renovated, classic 1960s split-level home in Nashville’s safe, family-friendly, convenient Hillwood neighborhood.  Our beautifully furnished 3-bed, 2.5 bath house sits on a 1-acre lot shaded by cedars and hickories, with a charming children’s playhouse, a basketball hoop, and various other yard games.  With a new fully-outfitted kitchen, updated bathrooms, all-new mattresses and pillows, and four new smart TVs, you will enjoy modern amenities in traditional Southern comfort.

The space
The location of the house provides a perfect, peaceful point of departure for enjoying the sights and sounds of America’s greatest Music City.  You’re a short drive to coffee, shopping, groceries , restaurants.  You’re 15 minutes from the Parthenon, Vanderbilt, Belle Meade Mansion, the Warner Parks, Bluebird Café, Pancake Pantry, Cheekwood, and public golf courses.  You’re 20 minutes from the Gulch, Ryman Auditorium, and the excitement, line-dancing, country music, and people-watching of Lower Broadway!  The Titans and Nissan Stadium are just across the river from downtown, and Opryland, as well as Andrew Jackson’s Hermitage are within about a half-hour drive.

After a day of exploring the local attractions, retreat to the privacy of your big screened-in porch with large picnic table, lounge swing, and restored retro wicker chairs, and, out on the patio, a high-end Weber gas grill. This delightful indoor/outdoor living space is perfect for morning coffees or enjoying an evening cocktail while gazing at our beautiful West Nashville sunsets.

We love our dog and yours is welcome too!

Other notes and highlights:

•	One bedroom has a king-sized bed, one a queen, and one a queen with an additional trundle bed with pullout that will sleep 2 kids.   There are also two comfy futons, just in case.  Normal occupancy is up to 8 persons.

•	The kitchen has a new range, new refrigerator (Fisher & Paykel) with icemaker, new dishwasher, new counters and cabinets, oversized sink, food disposer, coffeemaker, blender, microwave, and big TV.

•	The bathrooms are equipped with new sinks and fixtures and new toilets.

•	For in-house entertainment, there is a closet full of board games, some retro, an electric keyboard, and a guitar.

•	The house has a classic wood-paneled den with new comfy sofa and lounge chairs for family fun and TV watching, plus a beautifully-furnished living room with large Turkish carpet for reading and relaxation.  The separate dining room with antique oak table can also serve as a quiet space for your remote work.

•	The premises include a genuine 60s-era fallout shelter!  Built by our father into a slope under the driveway soon after the Cuban Missile Crisis, it’s now an urban curiosity, but is still outfitted – and would be there for a tornado!

•	There is ample parking in the driveway.

•	Meals can be taken around the big kitchen table, more formally in the dining room, or out at the picnic table on the screened-in porch.

•	The WiFi is fast and secure.  The kitchen, den, and two of the bedrooms have streaming TVs.

•	There is a Grabo Pack ‘n Play and a high chair for the little ones.

•	It’s a no smoking house inside; smoking is OK on the porch and outside.  

•	Pets are welcome for a standard upcharge ($75).

And one other important note, FYI:

The house was on Airbnb for about two years up to the end of 2025, under a property manager.  As owners we decided to take over management as of 2026, in order to be closer to our guests.  However, as a result of the transition, we lost all of the 5-star reviews and superlative comments from guests that the house had received over the previous two years!  Airbnb had no way of retrieving them.  We had to start over with this new listing.  We did manage to dig up a screenshot that we took at some point of guest comments, and our “Guest Favorite” Airbnb rating, which we’ve included in the photos.  You’ll have to take our word for it, but our guests uniformly loved the place.

Anyway, you are most welcome, and we know you’ll be happy here too.

Best    David

Guest access
Guests can use the upstairs two bedrooms and one of the two downstairs bedrooms.   (The other is locked for the host - who will not be present at the home whenever there is a rental.)  The 2 & 1/2 bathrooms and all the rest of the house and yard are at guests' disposal.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 62956160
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/62956160
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My work: College Professor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
18 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting