URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/960380867280616846
Latitude: 36.137
Longitude: -86.7877
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Bold design, vibrant interiors, and Nashville charm come together at The Harper House. This beautifully designed 3-bedroom townhome features colorful décor, playful floral accents, and modern amenities that create a one-of-a-kind stay. Perfect for family vacations, friends' getaways, and weekend escapes, you'll enjoy stylish spaces to relax while staying close to Nashville's best dining, live music, and attractions. 🌸

The space
Step into a world of color and charm at The Harper House! This beautifully designed 3-bedroom townhome, hosted by Hallson Hospitality, is your unforgettable escape in the heart of Nashville. Bursting with vibrant hues and stylish floral wallpapers, every corner invites you to relax and embrace a playful, creative ambiance.

The open-concept main floor is perfect for gathering your group. Challenge friends to a game at the pool table under a neon 'Nashville' sign, spin some tunes on the record player, or connect in the vibrant living room that flows seamlessly into the gourmet kitchen. For even more fun, you'll find life-size games to enjoy.

Your private rooftop oasis awaits, offering stunning skyline views. Bask in the sun on the loungers, share a meal at the 8-person dining table, or cozy up by the fire pit for a movie night on the 65-inch smart TV.

Key Features:
*   Prime location just 5 minutes from both The Gulch and 12 South.
*   Rooftop deck with sun loungers, dining, fire pit, and a 65" smart TV.
*   Game room with a pool table and record player.
*   Smart TVs throughout the home for easy streaming.
*   Fully stocked gourmet kitchen for all your culinary needs.
*   High-speed Wi-Fi and a dedicated workspace.
*   Convenient in-unit washer and dryer.
*  Dog friendly - $150 pet fee per stay for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions

Sleeping Arrangements:
*   First Floor: Bedroom with a King bed and a private ensuite bathroom.
*   Second Floor: Living room with a comfortable sofa bed.
*   Third Floor: Bedroom with a King bed and a private ensuite bathroom.
*   Third Floor: Bunk room with a Queen-over-Queen bunk bed, a Twin daybed with a Twin trundle, and a private ensuite bathroom.

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The Harper House for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the entire townhome. This includes all interior living spaces, bedrooms, and bathrooms, as well as the private rooftop deck and the 2-car garage. Enjoy a seamless and secure arrival with a unique digital door code provided before your stay for keyless entry.

Other things to note
Please note: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

*   Security: For your safety and peace of mind, please note there are exterior security cameras on the property.
*   Professional Host: This home is proudly managed by Hallson Hospitality, a local company dedicated to providing exceptional stays.
*   Experience Add-ons: To elevate your visit, we offer unique services like early check-ins, private chefs, or in-home yoga sessions. Please inquire for details on how we can make your trip unforgettable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Favorite song in high school: Baby Blue, George Strait
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5415 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting