URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/539744195706642404
Latitude: 36.1307
Longitude: -86.7856
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
A detached guest house with no shared walls in 12 South, a 5-minute walk to Frothy Monkey and Five Daughters, with murals up the street. The loft has vaulted ceilings, a premium king bed, a queen sleeper sofa, a full kitchen with a Duo Keurig and fast Wi-Fi for remote work. Free parking, quiet tree-lined setting, sleeps 4. Close to Belmont.

The space
Private 12 South Loft | King Bed | Walkable | Free Parking
A One-of-a-Kind Loft in the Heart of 12 South

Welcome to this unique, private loft tucked away in one of Nashville’s most beloved neighborhoods. Located in the heart of 12 South, this detached guest house offers total privacy—no shared walls—and a peaceful retreat just steps from the area’s best dining, shopping, and coffee spots. Best of all, it’s quiet and removed from downtown nightlife while still being close to everything.

Perfect for couples, Belmont Students, Belmont parents, visiting families, or remote workers.

🏡 Why Guests Love the Loft

Total Privacy — Detached guest house with no shared walls

King Bed Luxury — A rare find for a 1-bedroom rental in this area

Walkable Location — Steps to 12 South dining, boutiques, and coffee shops

Belmont University Nearby — Ideal for campus visits and parent weekends

Safe, Quiet Neighborhood

Secure Keypad Entry

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements

Primary Sleeping:
The Cloud ☁️ — Premium King-size luxury mattress, rare for guest houses in 12 South

Extra Guests:
Queen Sleeper Sofa in the living area

Perfect for a couple, but comfortably hosts a small family or friends

🛋 Living Area

Open & Airy — Vaulted ceilings and plenty of natural light

Cozy seating with a Queen pull-out sofa

A calm, relaxing space to unwind after exploring the neighborhood

🍳 Kitchen & Amenities

Fuel Up ☕ — Coffee station with a Duo Keurig (pods + drip)

Fully equipped kitchen with everything you need to cook at home

Fast WiFi throughout

Quiet Workspace — Ideal for remote work or extended stays

📍 Location Highlights – 12 South

Steps to the Action 🛍️ — Leave the car in your free parking spot

Walk to:

Frothy Monkey

Five Daughters Bakery

Jeni’s Ice Cream

Burger Up

The iconic “I Believe in Nashville” mural

Walkable to Belmont University

Quick access to Downtown without the noise

✨ The Perfect 12 South Stay

Whether you’re visiting Belmont University, planning a romantic getaway, or looking for a quiet, stylish home base in a walkable neighborhood, this loft offers comfort, privacy, and location all in one.

You’re sure to love this amazing space in the heart of 12 South, y’all.

Guest access
We do a self-check in, where we will send you all a code prior to check-in. We are local if something should come up where we need to be onsite!

Other things to note
We want our guests to have a great time while in Nashville, but if any of the following happen we will have to charge a minimum of $150

1- We reserve the right to charge a minimum of $150 additional for any vomit or urine that has to be cleaned up or is in towels or bedding.
2- There will  be a minimum of $150 fine for smoking  of any kind inside of the property.
3 - Damage to any items or the property itself.

Please note that we are unable to offer refunds outside of our established refund policy. We highly recommend purchasing travel insurance for added protection.

🎶 Want to make your stay even more special?
We can arrange for a private acoustic performance by Nashville recording artist Noah Alan! 🎤🎸 Whether it’s your favorite songs or his originals, he’ll bring the Nashville vibe right to your doorstep. Check out his music on all platforms and let us know if you're interested in booking a session!

🔑  We only provide a starter set of guest amenities:

2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom

2 rolls of paper towels

1 cleaning sponge

A handful of K-cups or a small bag of coffee grounds

Additional Information: Our property is located in the city, there’s a possibility of experiencing some ambient city noise — such as trains, buses, cars, or general street activity and other ambient city noises

We’re excited to host you and make your Nashville experience unforgettable! ✨ Let us know how we can make your stay even better.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4542 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting