URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/788503126639322490
Latitude: 36.3739
Longitude: -86.8669
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Robertson County, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 11
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Escape to Greenbrier Farm, 20 minutes north of Nashville. This serene retreat features a spring-fed creek, 2.5-acre fishing lake, and a private balcony with a jacuzzi, sauna, and cold plunge tub. Enjoy stunning views from the old-growth hardwoods. The property includes 4 bedrooms (2 Kings) sleeping 11, 3 full baths, and a unique golf setup with five holes and six disc golf holes.

The space
The home is nestled on top of a hill at the end of a dead-end dirt road in the serene countryside.  Tucked amidst the serene countryside, this charming country home is a tranquil oasis spread across 65 acres of picturesque land. Surrounded by nature's beauty, the property offers a perfect blend of comfort and rustic elegance.

Starlink WiFi - 150 mbps on average

Exterior:
The house is a vision of classic charm with its wooden facade, adorned with a welcoming front porch and enveloped by lush greenery. A sprawling wrap-around deck provides panoramic views of the rolling hills and the nearby creek. The deck, furnished with cozy outdoor seating, invites you to bask in the sunlight during the day and enjoy starlit evenings. The hot tub is the perfect place to soak after a long adventurous day exploring nature. Spark up a fire in the Cowboy Cauldron or Fire pit!

Living Spaces:
Step inside, and you'll find a spacious, open-concept living area featuring a warm and inviting atmosphere. The living room, furnished with plush sofas and adorned with rustic decor, boasts a gas fireplace. Large windows offer sweeping views of the surrounding landscape, connecting the indoors with the natural beauty outdoors.

Bedrooms and Bathrooms:
The house boasts four elegantly appointed bedrooms, each designed with comfort and relaxation in mind. Soft, earthy tones dominate the interior, creating a soothing ambiance. The bedrooms are furnished with comfortable beds and ample storage space, ensuring a restful night's sleep. Three well-appointed bathrooms feature modern amenities and are tastefully decorated, offering convenience and style. There is an additional rollaway bed available!

Kitchen and Dining:
The fully-equipped kitchen is a culinary enthusiast's dream, featuring modern appliances, spacious countertops, and ample storage. Whether you're preparing a hearty breakfast or a gourmet dinner, the kitchen provides everything you need. Adjacent to the kitchen, the dining area offers a charming setting for family meals, with a large dining table and panoramic views of the outdoors.

Outdoor Amenities:
One of the highlights of this country home is its outdoor amenities. A luxurious Hot Tub, Sauna and Cold Plunge Tub strategically placed on the deck, invites you to unwind while soaking in the breathtaking views of the countryside. The expansive grounds provide ample space for outdoor activities, picnics, and nature walks, making it an ideal retreat for both adults and children. Lake is stocked with fish and paddle boats (NO SWIMMING). Some fishing gear is kept at house, but please bring your own gear! Six Disc Golf Holes! 

**PLEASE NOTE: Please remove any snow/ice/debris from the cover of the hot tub before attempting to open! Failure will do so may result in damages.

**PLEASE do not trespass on neighbor's property! It's deer hunting season!

Scenic Views:
Perched on a gentle slope, the property offers mesmerizing views of the surrounding countryside. The sight and sound of the nearby creek add to the overall serenity, creating a calming ambiance that rejuvenates the soul.

This country home on 65 acres is more than just a dwelling; it's a haven where you can escape the hustle and bustle of everyday life, immerse yourself in nature, and create cherished memories with your loved ones.

10,000 SQ. FT putting and chipping green with 5 tee boxes is on to the property! 
There are five holes on one 10,000 sq ft green.
There are five teeboxes that hit to that one green.  They are 90 yards, 115, 140, 170, 220.
There is a secret sixth teebox on the Yoga platform on top of the hill - I have a pic of it in the ones I sent you.  That one is 265 yards.

Guest access
Guests will have access to over 65 acres on the North side of South Sycamore Creek.  Visitors will be able to play in the creek, fish in the lake, hike the mountain, grill on the porch, workout on the yoga platform, put on the green, or settle down in the hot tub at the end of the day.

Other things to note
A Few Important Notes:
**Children must be supervised at all times.**

Hot Tub Rules:
To keep the hot tub running properly, please follow these guidelines — failure to do so may result in a fee:
1. Keep the lid on when not in use
2. Maintain temperature between 99-101°F
3. Do not turn off the breaker

Lake: NO SWIMMING in the lake and please wear a life jacket at all times when on or near the lake.

-Please note that the neighbors sometimes use the road to the left of the lake!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Cal
Host User ID: 11147793
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/11147793
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Cal! Welcome to my farm house! We greatly appreciate you staying with us. I love sharing this beautiful space with others. Thank you for taking care of my home while you are here. I hope you relax, unwind, and enjoy!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
43 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting