URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/991798267153744508
Latitude: 36.1652
Longitude: -86.7788
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the Bluegreen Downtown Nashville—A Premier Boutique Hotel.

This listing is for a chic double hotel suite at Bluegreen in downtown Nashville, TN. Now available by request only. Your suite will be 2 king bed hotel suites connected by an adjoining door. Please see the floor plan in the photos for more information.

The space
Discover the perfect blend of Southern charm and upscale modernity at the Bluegreen Downtown Nashville, the newest hotel added to our prestigious lineup of vacation destinations. Nestled in the heart of the historic Printer’s Alley, this 5-story, 88-room hotel in Music City offers guests an unforgettable stay in Downtown Nashville's vibrant entertainment district.

Please note that these hotel-style accommodations do not include amenities that may be available at other Bluegreen properties, including kitchen, dining, and living room areas.

The prime location of the Bluegreen Downtown Nashville places you just steps away from the city's iconic attractions, such as the Country Music Hall of Fame, Ryman Auditorium, and the historic Broadway district. Immerse yourself in the thriving music scene, explore art galleries, and indulge in retail therapy at the nearby shopping centers. You'll find many bars, restaurants, retail stores, and popular attractions within a half-mile radius, and the iconic Broadway is a mere three blocks away. Renowned venues such as the Ryman, Tennessee Performing Arts Center, Bridgestone Arena, and Nissan Stadium are just as close, making our hotel the perfect base for your Nashville adventure.

Choose from a range of elegantly designed hotel guest rooms and one presidential suite featuring modern furnishings infused with classic Southern flair. Enjoy a restful night's sleep in our comfortable beds, stay connected with complimentary high-speed Wi-Fi, and unwind with premium amenities, including flat-screen TVs.

Resort Amenities:
Concierge
Internet Access
Valet Parking ($52/night)

Suite Amenities:
Cable TV
Internet Access

Guest access
Check In:
• Approved guests will arrive at the front desk for check in. The staff will hold your luggage and you can use the amenities if you arrive early on your check in date. Your suite will be assigned by the front desk at check in and you will be given keys to access.
• The primary guest must be 21+ to check in (must match ID). 
• A $100 refundable damage deposit will be collected at check in at the front desk (credit/debit card only). It will be returned assuming there are no damages to the suite
• Reservations 5 nights or longer may be relocated during the stay to a similar suite for housekeeping purposes
• Photos are provided by the resort and are a variety of suites at the resort. Your suite will be similarly designed and furnished but may vary slightly from the photos.

Helpful Hints:
Minimum age for check-in: 21
Check-in: 4 p.m. CT
Check-out: 10 a.m. CT
Office hours: 24 hours
Nearest airport: Nashville International Airport (BNA)
Miles to resort: 8.1
Pet Policy: No pets allowed. 
Smoking policy: No smoking inside, including electronic cigarettes. Subject to $300 fine
Parking: Valet parking only: $52/night with unlimited in/out privileges. Complimentary parking is not available in town. No access for oversized vehicles like trailers, RVs, trucks, and some SUVs. To utilize Bluegreen’s valet, please arrive at the front of the resort in the valet lane.
Deposit required: Upon check-in, each reservation requires a major credit card for a $100 Pre-Authorization. This is a cashless resort. For your convenience and ease during the check-in process, we accept only major credit cards.
• We require the guest information for the primary guest (should at least be 21 years old) checking in to be provided as soon as possible to avoid check-in issues.

Other things to note
• Photos are not of the specific suite you are renting and your suite may vary slightly from the photos.
• You have full access to all resort amenities for the duration of your stay, including on your arrival and departure day.
• We will always place you in the best suite available, however we cannot guarantee a specific location in the resort.
• Your suite may be a mobility accessible unit.
• Information in this listing is provided by the resort and not independently verified.
• We are not affiliated with the resort, you are renting directly from a timeshare owner. We help timeshare owners cover their HOA and maintenance costs when they can't use their properties.
• You may be asked to watch a timeshare presentation, however you are under no obligation to do so and we recommend politely declining if you are not interested.
• The guest checking in must be 21+ years old and present a valid credit card for a refundable damage deposit due at check-in (amount may vary, please contact the resort directly for more information)
• Guests are required to accept additional terms and conditions in accordance with the resort's policies, including any applicable taxes and fees paid to the resort.
• No refunds or credits will be granted outside of the listing's cancellation policy.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: LiveSuites
Host User ID: 480237365
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/480237365
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Please support our private owners instead of the big hotel chains. Thank you!
My work: NOYB
Most useless skill: No skills are useless
Response rate: 84%
Responds within an hour
4 years hosting
1386 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting