URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/25206528
Latitude: 36.1904
Longitude: -86.7726
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your 5-Star Modern Cowboy Rooftop! 🌇

Experience Music City from the Modern Cowboy Vue! 🎸 This stylish 2BR/2.5BA condo features a Private Rooftop Deck with a Wet Bar 🍸 and stunning skyline views. Perfectly situated near The Gulch and 12 South, you’re just 7 mins from Broadway! Features a rustic-farmhouse vibe, King suite, and secure parking 🚗. Service animals welcome. Safe, sophisticated, and built for your Nashville adventure! 🤠✨

The space
Welcome to Modern Cowboy Vue! 🎻

Elevate your Nashville adventure in this thoughtfully designed, rustic-meets-modern sanctuary. Perfectly situated between Nashville’s hottest neighborhoods, this condo offers a sophisticated blend of "Modern Cowboy" farmhouse aesthetics and high-end urban comfort. Whether you're here for a corporate stay, a celebratory weekend, or to explore the neon lights of Broadway, you are in the city's most central and stylish "Goldilocks" zone.

💎 The Cowboy Advantage:

The Skyline Sky Deck: Our crowning jewel. A private rooftop escape featuring a Full Wet Bar, unblocked views of the Nashville skyline, and plenty of lounge seating. It’s the ultimate spot for sunset cocktails or morning coffee.

Modern Cowboy Aesthetic: Skip the boring, corporate apartments. Our home is artfully curated from floor to ceiling with a unique "Rustic Farmhouse" vibe that mirrors the creative spirit of Music City.

Location "Sweet Spot": You are tucked away for a peaceful sleep but only 7-11 minutes from everything that matters—from Music Row to Nissan Stadium.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown (Sleeps 6):

Primary Suite: 1 King Bed + En-Suite Full Bath 👑🚿

Bedroom 2: 1 Queen Bed 🛌

Living Area: 1 Queen Sleeper Sofa + Half Bath Access 🛋️

🏡 Inside the Home:

Open Concept Socializing: The main level features a bright, social flow from the fully equipped kitchen to the cozy living area, perfect for group recap sessions.

Luxe Amenities: TVs in every bedroom, high-speed WiFi, in-unit laundry, and two dedicated parking spaces ensure your stay is as convenient as it is stylish.

Quiet Retreat: Each bedroom is outfitted with premium mattresses and pillows to ensure you wake up ready to hit the Honky Tonks.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Coordinating a group of 6? We make your arrival safe and stress-free.

Digital Keyless Entry: No physical keys to share or lose. You will receive a unique, secure code generated specifically for your stay.

Contactless Arrival: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—ideal for staggered flight arrivals or late-night check-ins.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

Broadway (7 min drive): The world-famous home of Tootsie’s and Honky Tonk Central. 👢

The Gulch (10 min drive): Explore high-end dining and the famous "WhatLiftsYou" mural.

12 South (11 min drive): A local favorite for boutique shopping and the best brunch in Nashville.

Centennial Park (14 min drive): Home to the historic Parthenon and the famous "Taylor Swift Bench." 🌳

Local Tip: Grab some Jeni’s Splendid Ice Cream in 12 South before heading back to the rooftop to watch the city lights!

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a pet-free environment. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
STRP# - 2018023311

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting