URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1363225994236395590
Latitude: 36.1872
Longitude: -86.8155
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Brand new listing! Perfect for your trip to Nashville, spacious and luxurious home!

The space
Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway!

This spacious, modern 4-bedroom, 4.5-bathroom home is ideal for groups or families looking to experience the best of Music City. Located just 10 minutes from the famous Broadway street, you’ll be steps away from Nashville’s vibrant nightlife, top restaurants, and iconic attractions.

With 8 comfortable beds, the home accommodates up to 12 guests, making it perfect for reunions, celebrations, or a weekend getaway. Each of the 4 bedrooms is designed with relaxation in mind, featuring plush bedding and plenty of space for everyone to unwind.

Enjoy the luxury of your own private rooftop, perfect for soaking in the city skyline, sipping cocktails, or simply relaxing after a day of exploring Nashville. The rooftop provides an ideal space for outdoor dining, lounging, or entertaining friends and family.

Inside, you’ll find a fully equipped kitchen, stylish living areas, and a convenient powder room on the main floor. The home offers 4.5 bathrooms, ensuring that everyone has plenty of space and privacy. With modern finishes, high-end appliances, and spacious common areas, you’ll feel right at home whether you’re cooking, relaxing, or socializing.

Key Features:
	•	4 spacious bedrooms with 8 comfortable beds
	•	4.5 bathrooms for added convenience and privacy
	•	Private rooftop with breathtaking views of Nashville
	•	Located just 10 minutes from Broadway, close to restaurants, bars, and music venues
	•	Stylish and fully equipped kitchen for cooking in
	•	Modern and comfortable living spaces perfect for relaxation and entertaining

Book your stay today and make unforgettable memories in the heart of Nashville!

 This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Hope you enjoy your stay in Nashville!

Guest access
Entire Home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting