URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/13019766
Latitude: 36.1255
Longitude: -86.8041
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville , Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay like a local in one of Nashville’s most beloved neighborhoods! Situated between the vibrant Hillsboro Village and 12 South, this cozy 3-bedroom, 2-bath home offers an authentic Music City experience — perfect for families, groups, or business travelers seeking a mid-term stay in a walkable, central location.

🏡 What to Expect:
If you're seeking sleek and modern, this might not be your fit — but for those who appreciate warmth, comfort, and authenticity, you'll feel right at home.

The space
🛏️ The Space:
You'll have full access to the first floor of this 2-story home (the upstairs is a separate apartment with a private entrance).
✔ 3 Bedrooms — all with queen beds
✔ 1 Queen sofa bed in the living room
✔ 2 full bathrooms – one ensuite with walk-in shower, one hallway tub/shower combo
✔ Central air conditioning
✔ Sleeps up to 8 guests comfortably
✔ Fully stocked kitchen with basic cookware, dinnerware, drip coffee maker
✔ Travel-sized toiletries, 2 hairdryers, iron + ironing board
✔ Free street parking available out front and down the street (Driveway is reserved for the upstairs unit)

If this house isn't available, we have other local rentals nearby!

Guest access
🏡 You'll have access to the main floor of the house. The second floor is a separate apartment with its own private entrance. 

PARKING: Free street parking available out front and down the street (Driveway is reserved for the upstairs unit)

🚪 Guest Access & Check-In Info:
You'll receive your personalized entry code via text one day before your arrival

Code activates at 4 PM check-in and deactivates at 10 AM check-out

Looking for early check-in or late check-out? To respect other guests and cleaning schedules, we suggest booking the night before or after if you need that extra time

You can always find check-in instructions, House Rules, and contact info in your Airbnb Itinerary

👶 Traveling with Little Ones?
Please note this home is not baby-proofed. Outlets are uncovered and no baby-specific gear is provided.

Other things to note
→ PARKING: Free street parking available out front and down the street (Driveway is reserved for the upstairs unit)
→ If this house isn't available we have other properties in the area. Check them out here: https://www.airbnb. com/wishlists/139123072
→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.
→  Regarding the house: Max occupancy is 8 people. 3 Queen beds and 1 Queen sofa bed. There is central air. Travel-sized toiletries, 2 hairdryers, iron, and ironing board are provided. A drip coffee maker and basic kitchenware are also provided. Guests are responsible to provide any additional amenities desired such as additional toilet paper.
→  If bringing small children, please note the house is not baby proof, outlets are not covered.  
→ You will receive your code for entry one day before your arrival via text. This code will activate on your check-in day at 4 pm and deactivate at 10 am the day you check out. You can also reference your Airbnb Itinerary for helpful info about the check-in process, House Rules, what we provide, and our contact info. 
→ Rest assured, our team is around 24/7 for any emergency that may arise.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: UrbanNashville
Host User ID: 6855810
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6855810
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We are UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals. We're a small, locally owned management company. We pride ourselves in providing the best rental experience for you while you visit Music City! 

Our properties are located all over popular areas of Nashville. We have a spot for every traveller.

If you need any recommendations for the best places to check out, let us know! The chances are good that we have been there, and tried that. We look forward to hosting you

- Paige, Jordan & Adisson
My work: Nashville Enthusiast
Most useless skill: Junk journaling my travels
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
14236 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting