URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1594592746618767404
Latitude: 36.18172
Longitude: -86.79363
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
So glad you’re here - this spacious luxurious Germantown home is a comfortable, well-located base for experiencing Nashville with your favorite people.

Sleeps 12 | 4 bedrooms | 7 beds | 3.5 baths
Rooftop patio w/ lounge seating & grill
Private backyard & covered porch
Walkable Germantown location - cafes, bars & dining
Quick Uber to Broadway - close, not chaotic
Pet-friendly (fee applies)

The space
Music City’s rhythm feels especially easy to enjoy from this spacious three-story home tucked into Germantown, one of Nashville’s most walkable and character-rich neighborhoods. Mornings often begin with coffee on the covered porch as the streets slowly wake up, while evenings invite you upward to the rooftop patio to relax, grill, and take in neighborhood views before heading out for dinner or live music. With generous indoor space and multiple outdoor areas, the home strikes a comfortable balance between social time and quiet moments to unwind.

Inside, the layout is designed with groups in mind. Nearly 2,800 square feet are spread across three levels, filled with natural light, local artwork, and thoughtful details that make the home feel lived-in rather than staged. Multiple living areas allow everyone to spread out - gather for conversation, settle in for a movie night, or find a quiet spot to recharge. A theater-style sound system and Smart TVs add comfort for evenings at home, while a dedicated workstation with a printer supports remote work or quick check-ins if needed.

The kitchen is fully equipped for everything from quick breakfasts to shared dinners. Stainless steel appliances, ample counter space, and a mix of drip and Keurig coffee makers make mornings easy and flexible. A handcrafted Tennessee dining table anchors the space, naturally drawing everyone together for meals, games, or planning the day ahead.

Sleeping arrangements
The home comfortably sleeps up to 12 guests, with flexible sleeping options spread across all levels.

Bedroom 1 with a king bed
Bedroom 2 with a queen bed and futon
Bedroom 3 with a queen bed
Bedroom 4 with a full bunk bed
Upstairs living area with a sleeper sofa

Fresh linens, extra pillows and blankets, and generous storage help everyone settle in comfortably, whether you’re staying a few nights or longer.

Outdoor living
Outdoor space is one of this home’s standout features. The rooftop patio, accessed through a garage-style door, offers a relaxed setting for lounging, grilling, and enjoying fresh air. On the main level, a private backyard and covered back porch provide a quieter spot for morning coffee, casual conversation, or unwinding after a day out. These spaces are especially enjoyable in warmer months, offering both sun and shade throughout the day.

Location and neighborhood
Germantown is known for its historic charm, tree-lined streets, and excellent dining scene. From the house, it’s an easy walk to local cafés, cocktail lounges, and the Nashville Farmers’ Market. Downtown Broadway is just a short Uber ride away - close enough for quick access, yet far enough to return to a calmer place at the end of the night.

Perfect for
This home is well-suited for family trips, group getaways, bachelorette weekends, and extended stays. With off-street parking, keyless entry, and pet-friendly accommodations with a pre-trip fee, it offers a practical, comfortable base for experiencing Nashville at your own pace while enjoying space, privacy, and connection.

Other things to note
Parking is available in the driveway for up to two vehicles. Additional street parking is available nearby. Please follow posted street signage and local parking regulations.

This home is pet-friendly and allows up to two dogs with prior approval. A pet fee of up to $150 per night applies, with a maximum weight limit of 50 lbs per pet.

Maximum occupancy is 12 guests, including children. This limit is strictly enforced in accordance with local regulations.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Live In Luxury
Host User ID: 496563092
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/496563092
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Live In Luxury creates moments that bring people together — long afternoons by the pool, late-night laughter over a shared meal, the feeling of being far from routine yet completely at home. 

From sunlit kitchens to pickleball courts, game rooms, resort style amenities, and serene spas, Live In Luxury is where every stay becomes a shared story — vibrant, memorable, and beautifully lived.

Live In Luxury isn’t simply a place to stay.
It’s a way to live — together, fully, and beautifully.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
870 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting