URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1476293189363097025
Latitude: 36.1247
Longitude: -86.7626
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Private rooftop with a firepit, outdoor TV, and an unbeatable location make The Rosedale the perfect Nashville getaway. This stylish 3-bedroom, 3-bath retreat features modern living spaces, a fully equipped kitchen, and a rooftop designed for relaxing after a day of exploring. Just minutes from Geodis Park, the Fairgrounds, and Broadway, it's perfect for family vacations, group getaways, business travelers, concerts, and Music City adventures. 🌆

The space
Things You’ll Love:
◆ Just minutes from Geodis Park and the Nashville Fairgrounds
◆ Rooftop oasis featuring a lounge area, firepit, large dining table, BBQ grill, bar seating, and smart TV
◆ Fully equipped kitchen with a spacious island for cooking and gathering
◆ Smart TVs on roof and living room for easy access to your favorite streaming apps
◆ Fast and reliable high-speed Wi-Fi
◆ Dedicated laundry room with washer and dryer
◆ Garage parking for two vehicles
◆ Dog-friendly stay with a $150 pet fee for up to two dogs — no breed or weight restrictions

Sleeping Arrangements: 
Second Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - Queen bed
◆ Bonus - Living Room with King-sized sofa bed

Third Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 2 - Bunkbed with 2 Queen beds with en-suite bathroom
◆ Bedroom 3 - King bed with en-suite bathroom

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The Rosedale for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Please note: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5404 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting