URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1335561923101247044
Latitude: 36.153
Longitude: -86.7569
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 8
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to ★The Greenhouse★! This modern 3-bedroom, 3-bath home comfortably sleeps up to 10 guests and offers the perfect blend of comfort and convenience just 1.5 miles from Downtown Broadway. Nestled in a quiet residential neighborhood near The Gulch and SoBro, you'll enjoy stylish living spaces, a fenced backyard, and easy access to Nashville's top attractions.

The space
What We Love About ★The Greenhouse★...
- Just 1.5 miles from Broadway, The Gulch, and Nashville's top attractions
- Spacious open-concept living area perfect for gathering with family and friends
- Private fenced backyard for relaxing after a day exploring the city
- Three full bathrooms provide added comfort and convenience for groups
- Smart TVs, full kitchen, coffee maker, workspace, and in-home washer and dryer for an easy stay

From the moment you arrive, The Greenhouse welcomes you with bright, modern finishes and an inviting open layout designed for spending quality time together. Whether you're in town for a family vacation, friends' getaway, business trip, or Nashville celebration, you'll have everything you need to feel right at home.

The main level features an open living room that flows seamlessly into the fully equipped kitchen and dining area, making it easy to cook, dine, and relax together. The kitchen is stocked with the essentials for preparing meals, while the coffee maker helps start each morning before heading out to explore Music City. Smart TVs throughout the home provide entertainment during downtime. Also on the first floor is a guest bedroom featuring a twin-over-twin bunk bed, along with a full bathroom complete with a shower and tub combination.

Upstairs, you'll find the spacious primary bedroom with a comfortable queen bed and a private ensuite bathroom featuring a walk-in shower. The second upstairs bedroom includes two twin beds, making it ideal for additional guests or children. A third full bathroom with a shower and tub combination serves the second level. For larger groups, three twin rollaway cots provide flexible sleeping arrangements, allowing the home to comfortably accommodate up to 10 guests.

Step outside to enjoy the fully fenced backyard, offering a private outdoor space to unwind after a day exploring Nashville. Whether you're sipping your morning coffee or relaxing in the evening, it's a great extension of the home's comfortable living space.

Located in Nashville's SoBro area, The Greenhouse places you just minutes from many of the city's most popular destinations. Spend your days visiting Lower Broadway's famous honky-tonks, touring the Country Music Hall of Fame, shopping and dining in The Gulch, or enjoying local favorites like Pinewood Social, Husk, and Etch. Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, Ascend Amphitheater, and countless entertainment venues are all just a short drive away, making this an ideal home base for experiencing everything Music City has to offer.

Whether you're planning a weekend getaway, family vacation, concert trip, or special celebration, The Greenhouse offers the comfort, location, and convenience to make your Nashville stay unforgettable. We look forward to hosting you at The Greenhouse!

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home.  Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home.  We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay.  In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee.  Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver.  It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay.  The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior.  Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!).  Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage.  The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines. 

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
Born in the 80s
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23127 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting