URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1008119499656774007
Latitude: 36.1537
Longitude: -86.7752
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your SoBro Music City Basecamp! 🎸
Experience Nashville the right way in this brand-new SoBro condo! Steps from Broadway and Music City Center, you get a private balcony with sunset views, a heated pool with live music vibes 🏊, and a state-of-the-art gym. 

Perfect for couples or business travelers, this stylish 1BR includes high-speed WiFi and premium linens. Service animals welcome. Safe, modern, and walkable to all the honky tonks! 🤠✨

The space
Welcome to your SoBro Getaway! 🏙️

Step into a freshly designed, modern sanctuary in the heart of the SoBro district. Whether you’re here to close a deal at the convention center or dance the night away on Broadway, this condo is your premium launchpad. Located in the vibrant Sentral building, you aren't just renting an apartment—you're gaining access to a lifestyle.

💎 The SoBro Advantage:

Poolside Live Music: Truly unique to Nashville! Enjoy local talent performing right by the heated pool—the ultimate "Pre-Broadway" vibe.

Private Sunset Balcony: Your own outdoor space to sip morning coffee or a nightcap while the Nashville skyline begins to glow.

Premier Amenities: Access a world-class gym, cycling classes, and BBQ pits for the perfect urban weekend.

🏡 Inside the Home:

Modern Living: An open-concept layout with floor-to-ceiling windows and contemporary finishes that let the city light in.

The Bedroom: A quiet retreat featuring a plush Queen-size bed and room-darkening blinds for those late Nashville mornings.

Chef's Kitchenette: Fully stocked with stainless steel appliances and a dual coffee station (Keurig + Drip) to fuel your adventures.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Check-In:

Your safety and convenience are our priority. We use a secure, keyless entry system.

Digital Access: No keys to exchange. You will receive a unique code for your stay.

Contactless: Arrive on your own time—ideal for late-night flight arrivals.

Secure: Building and unit access are strictly monitored and unique to your reservation.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 4-6):

Bedroom: Cozy Queen Bed 👑

Living Room: Comfortable Double-size Sleeper Sofa 🛋️

Extras: Queen Air Mattress available for additional guests.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

Broadway (5 min walk): You are literally steps away from the world-famous Honky Tonks like Tootsie's and The Stage.

Bridgestone Arena (5 min walk): Perfect for Preds games or stadium concerts.

Eats (3 min walk): Explore the culinary gems of SoBro—everything from upscale southern fare to hidden dive bars.

Music City Center (4 min walk): The most convenient stay for convention-goers.

Local Tip: Check the Sentral pool schedule for live music times to maximize your stay!

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a pet-free environment. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Guest access
You will have access to the entire unit and all amenities that our building has to offer! Which includes a pool, BBQ pits a gym, and cycling classes.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Allacyn
Host User ID: 543013728
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/543013728
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: University of Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
118 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting