URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1168039298973863758
Latitude: 36.19278
Longitude: -86.77787
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Twang Town Terrace, your ultimate Nashville retreat! 
Our uniquely designed home features a rooftop with a hot tub, firepit, outdoor kitchen, and breathtaking views of downtown. Each stylish bedroom has its own theme and ensuite bathroom. Enjoy the game room with classic arcade games, ping pong, and more. The living room boasts a custom guitar fireplace and cozy seating. Fully stocked kitchen and unique photo ops throughout. Perfect for groups seeking fun or relaxation in Music City!

The space
KEY FEATURES:
★ Perfect spot for Bachelor/Bachelorette Parties, Birthday Celebrations, or Family Vacations!
★ Rooftop Deck with Hot Tub, Fire Pit, Outdoor Kitchen with Grill, Seating for the whole group, and various outdoor games.
★ Close Proximity to Downtown Nashville
★ Sleeping arrangements for 12; 4 bedrooms, 2 Kings, 1 Queen, 6 Twins (bunks), and 1 deluxe rollout Twin
★ 4 Bathrooms
★ Unique, photo-ready decor throughout!
★ Modern and well-equipped kitchen with all the essentials (gas burner stove-top)

Choose Your Favorite Bedroom Theme:
★ Bedroom 1: The Pickleback Speakeasy - 1 Queen Bed
★ Bedroom 2: The Grand Ole Garbage Pail Kids - 1 King Bed + 1 Deluxe RolloutTwin
★ Bedroom 3: Hattie B's Bunk Room - 6 Twin Beds (2 bunks)
★ Bedroom 4: Johnny and June's Blue Bungalow - 1 King Bed

HOME LAYOUT
1ST FLOOR
★ Street parking found in front of the home or directly behind the garage

Gameroom
★ Ping Pong Table
★ Simpsons Arcade Game
★ Ms. Pac Man Arcade Game
★ Hoop Shooting Basketball Arcade Game
★ Popcorn Machine
★ Gumball Machine
★ TV
★ Fireplace
★ Seating Area

Bedroom 1 (The Pickleback Speakeasy)
★ 1 Queen Bed
★ Full Ensuite Bathroom: Shower + Tub Combo, Hair Dryer
★Fun Fact: The Pickleback is a simple shot of Tennessee whiskey chased with a shot of pickle juice - which has long been touted as a hangover cure.

2ND FLOOR
Living Room
★ Custom Guitar Fireplace Mantle
★ TV
★ Couch Seating for the whole group
★ Playing Cards and Various Card/Board Games
★ Cowboy Hat Bench Photo Op

Kitchen
★ Stainless Steel Appliances
★ Gas Range Stovetop
★ Keurig K-Cup & Ground Coffee Pot Options
★ Fully stocked with cooking essentials (pots & pans, spices & oils)
★ Bar Cart with Drink Mixer Set and Glasses

Bedroom 2 (The Grand Ole Garbage Pail Kids)
★ 1 King Bed
★ Stand-up Mirror
★ Full Ensuite Bathroom: Shower + Tub Combo, Hair Dryer
★Custom "Music City" Murals of the infamous Garbage Pail Kids - including Dolly Parton, Johnny Cash, and Willie Nelson

3RD FLOOR
Bedroom 3 (Hattie B's Bunk Room)
★ 6 Twin Beds (2 sets of bunk beds)
★ Reading Lamp and Outlet at each bunk
★ Stand-up Mirror
★ Reading Chair
★ Full Ensuite Bathroom: Walk-In Shower, Hair Dryer
★This room's theme focuses on the delicious Nashville Hot Chicken - a food unlike any other with an overwhelmingly spicy, yet abundantly flavorful taste. It's comprised of 3 components: bread, chicken, and pickles.

Bedroom 4 (Johnny and June's Blue Bungalow)
★ 1 King Bed
★ Walk-In Closet
★ TV
★ Stand-up Mirror
★ Full Ensuite Bathroom: Double Vanity Sink, Walk-In Shower with bench seat, Hair Dryer
★This room features your favorite Nashville landmarks and icons, including Johnny & June, The Country Music Hall of Fame, and The Ryman Auditorium, along with a stunning, gold-plated deer bust wall mount.

Laundry Room
★ Washer & Dryer
★ Laundry Detergent

4TH FLOOR
★ Rooftop Deck
★ Hot Tub
★ Fire Pit with Couch Seating
★ Giant Connect 4
★ Outdoor Kitchen: Sink, Beverage Cooler, Grill
★ Beer Pong Table
★ Neon Sign Photo Op
★ Putterball | Golf + Beer Pong

Additional Amenities:
★ Hair dryers in bathrooms
★ Charging stations bedside

★☆ Book Today & Let Us Take Care Of You In Nashville! ☆★

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire home during their stay. Including the private rooftop deck, fully equipped with a Hot tub, Firepit, and Outdoor Kitchen. Inside, the Game room garage can be accessed from the ground floor. Feel free to shoot some hoops, play ping pong, or enjoy one of the two arcade games.

There are multiple Smart TVs in each room of the home, feel free to log in to your favorite streaming platform.

Guests will have access to the entire home. You will receive the code to the door 24hrs before your arrival.

Other things to note
We are equipped with 24/7 motion-activated Ring cam that captures audio and video, exclusively monitoring the front door, and driveway to ensure your safety while respecting your privacy indoors.

Registration Details
2024036918

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Eric With Nashville Stays
Host User ID: 410568638
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/410568638
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I'm Eric & We are Nashville Stays! 

We are a small management company, consisting mainly of my wife (Kimberly) & I. We hope you will check out our other properties and reviews online to learn more!

We are Locals, so let us know how we can help. We look forward to hosting you & playing a part in your special trip to Music City!
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: University of Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
1125 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting