URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1643715862275602544
Latitude: 36.2047
Longitude: -86.74188
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Modern Nashville retreat minutes from Broadway, perfect for groups. Enjoy a stylish multi-level home with fast Wi-Fi, smart TVs, and easy keyless check-in. Relax on the private rooftop or unwind in spacious living areas designed for comfort and entertaining.

ASK ABOUT UPCOMING DISCOUNTS!!!

• 1 King bed
• 1 Queen bed
• 2 Full beds
• Smart TVs
• Open living space
• Private rooftop patio
• Modern luxury design

The space
Welcome to your Modern Nashville retreat! This stylish 3BR multi-level home is perfect for groups, business travelers, and weekend getaways. Located just minutes from Broadway, enjoy elevated comfort with a private rooftop patio, spacious living areas, and sleek modern finishes throughout.

✔ Sleeps comfortably for groups
✔ 1 King + 1 Queen + 2 Full size beds + additional sleeping space!
✔ Private rooftop patio + seating
✔ Open-concept living + dining
✔ Minutes to Downtown Nashville

This bright, modern home features multiple levels, natural light, and a layout designed for both connection and privacy—perfect for group stays or longer visits.

🏡 Stylish, Open-Concept Living

Step inside to a clean, modern layout built for comfort and entertaining.

• Spacious living room with comfortable seating
• Smart TVs + high-speed Wi-Fi
• Open flow between kitchen, dining, and living areas
• Multi-level layout for added privacy

🍽 Modern Kitchen & Dining

Fully equipped for everything from quick meals to group dinners.

• Stainless steel appliances
• Cookware, dinnerware & essentials included
• Dining area + bar seating
• Open layout ideal for entertaining

🛏 Comfortable & Private Bedrooms

Designed for rest and recharge.

• 3 spacious bedrooms
• King + Queen beds + additional sleeping space
• Clean, modern bathrooms
• Quality linens + comfortable mattresses

🌆 Private Rooftop Experience

• Private rooftop patio with seating
• Ideal for relaxing or group hangouts
• Perfect for morning coffee or evening drinks

🎯 Additional Features

• Multiple Smart TVs
• High-speed Wi-Fi
• Washer & dryer
• Easy keyless entry
• Parking available

This home is perfect for guests looking for a modern, spacious Nashville stay with a rooftop experience — all just minutes from the city’s top attractions.

Guest access
Guests will have full private access to the entire home, including all living spaces, bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchen, and the private rooftop patio.

✔ Keyless entry for easy, secure check-in
✔ Access to all indoor and outdoor areas
✔ Private rooftop patio for your group
✔ Washer & dryer available for guest use
✔ Dedicated parking available

You will not share the space with anyone this is a fully private stay designed for comfort, convenience, and a seamless Nashville experience.

Other things to note
🗑️ Trash:
Please place all trash in the provided bags and dispose of it in the exterior bins located outside the home. For longer stays, we appreciate guests taking trash out periodically to keep the space clean and fresh.

🚗 Parking:
Parking is available at the property along with nearby street parking. Please be mindful not to block neighboring driveways and follow all posted city signs.

❄️ Climate Control:
The home features central heating and air conditioning for year-round comfort. Nashville weather can change quickly, so feel free to adjust the thermostat to your preference during your stay.

🌆 Rooftop Patio:
Enjoy the private rooftop patio during your stay. Please be respectful of noise levels, especially in the evenings, and avoid any glass near the edge. Always ensure the space is left clean after use.

🍽 Kitchen & Living:
The home is fully equipped for your stay. Please clean up after cooking and return items to their original place to keep the home organized for everyone.

Please Note – House Rules

No smoking inside the home. Outdoor smoking is allowed only if done safely with proper disposal and no odor entering the home. Violations may result in a remediation fee.

No pets unless approved in advance.

No parties or events. This is a residential neighborhood and we must respect our neighbors. A Ring camera is installed at the front entrance for security. Unauthorized parties will result in a $1,000 fee.

Please be respectful of neighbors and keep noise levels reasonable at all times.

Quiet hours are 9:00 PM – 8:00 AM. Noise complaints may result in cancellation without refund.

Do not move furniture. Moving furniture may cause damage and result in additional charges.

Thank you for helping us maintain a great experience for future guests!

🎯 Entertainment 🎯

Here are some top spots nearby to enjoy your Nashville stay:

🎶 Broadway & Downtown Nashville: Live music, bars, restaurants, and the heart of Nashville nightlife – about 10-15 minute drive

🏈 Nissan Stadium: Home of the Tennessee Titans and major events – about 8 minutes

🍗 East Nashville Hotspots: Trendy restaurants, coffee shops, and local bars – just minutes away

🎤 Grand Ole Opry: Iconic live country music venue – about 15 minutes

🎸 The Gulch: Popular area for dining, shopping, and nightlife – about 10 minutes

Whether you're here for music, food, or a weekend getaway, everything Nashville is known for is just a short drive away. A curated guide with local recommendations will be sent prior to check-in.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Shahrukh
Host User ID: 106502778
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/106502778
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Shahrukh! I run Primeline Stays and specialize in creating clean, stylish, and comfortable spaces for guests visiting.

Whether you’re here for a weekend getaway, celebration, or business trip, my goal is to make your stay smooth and enjoyable from start to finish.

I’m always available if you need anything during your stay and take pride in providing a 5-star experience for every guest.

Looking forward to hosting you!
Born in the 90s
Fun fact: I love traveling
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 months hosting
12 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
6 months of hosting