URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/42160751
Latitude: 36.1291
Longitude: -86.7798
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
You step off the porch of our 12South home and the neighborhood pulls you in — morning coffee from 8th & Roast is a 4-minute walk with First Watch Cafe and Hattie B's Hot Chicken right next door. Groceries from Publix are only a few steps away. The whole block feels like the Nashville locals kept it for themselves! 4 bedrooms, 4 baths, and an elevated private patio mean everyone spreads out comfortably. Broadway is 10 minutes away. But honestly? You might not want to leave.

The space
This is a real home in one of Nashville's most beloved neighborhoods designed for groups who want to actually live here, not just pass through — this isn't a hotel or a condo. With 4 bedrooms sleeping up to 12 guests and 4 private bathrooms, everyone gets their own routine and their own space.

The main living room is the heart of the home, anchored by a plush sectional and a 65" HDTV with Apple TV, Netflix, Disney+, Hulu, and HBO Max - ready to stream with your subscriptions - and premium cable is included. The living room and kitchen are open air, so the energy flows seamlessly between indoors and out — perfect for groups that want to gather, cook, eat, and relax without missing a beat.

BEDROOMS & BATHROOMS: EVERYONE HAS THEIR OWN SANCTUARY

-Primary Bedroom: King bed, closet, and private bathroom — perfect for a couple who wants their own retreat or parents traveling with kids.
-Bedroom 2: Queen bed, entry level, en suite bathroom — ideal for guests who prefer quiet and separation from the main activity.
-Bedroom 3: Queen bed, third floor, private bathroom — bright, accessible space in the heart of the home.
-Bedroom 4: (2) Queen beds, third floor, en suite bathroom, and walk-in closet — matches Bedroom 3 + 1 additional bed, giving flexibility for room assignments.
-Flex Space: Third floor, day bed that converts into two twin beds — the flexible favorite for kids, or for friend groups who need an extra spot without crowding anyone. Access to hallway bathroom.

Walk-in closets and clothing storage give everyone room to settle in. Cotton linens, extra pillows and blankets, and room shades make for restful nights. With 4 full bathrooms, there's no morning standoff — everyone's on their own schedule.

KITCHEN & DINING: FULL-SERVICE COOKING & GATHERING

Stainless appliances, full refrigerator, electric stove, oven, microwave, and dishwasher mean you can cook a real meal here — not just reheat takeout. The kitchen is stocked with a drip coffee maker, blender, wine glasses, and cooking basics so you're not hunting for a spatula at 8 PM.

The dining table seats 6+ under modern lighting, so your whole group eats together. Whether it's breakfast before exploring the neighborhood or a group dinner you've prepped in the kitchen, there's room for everyone.

OUTDOOR LIVING: PRIVATE ELEVATED PATIO

Step outside to a private patio — coffee in the morning, a drink in the evening, easy access to the fresh air.

EVERYTHING YOU NEED FOR FAMILIES WITH YOUNG CHILDREN

Traveling with babies or toddlers? We've thought ahead: pack 'n play / travel crib, folding high chair, baby bath, changing table, baby monitor, children's dinnerware, and children's books and toys for multiple age groups. Safety is covered too — baby gates, outlet covers, window guards, fireplace guards, and table corner guards. You don't have to pack it or rent it — it's all here.

COMFORT & CONVENIENCE BUILT IN

In-unit washer and dryer means laundry without leaving the property — a real difference-maker on longer trips. High-speed WiFi runs throughout, and a dedicated workspace in a room with a door makes remote work or a quick check-in easy. Central heating and air and portable fans keep everyone comfortable year-round.

PARKING: CARPORT, DRIVEWAY & STREET PARKING

One private carport fits two standard vehicles. The private driveway fits two additional cars. Free street parking is available directly in front with no permits or time limits. The front door drop-off is easy and well-lit for Uber or Lyft arrivals & departures.

THE NEIGHBORHOOD: WHERE NASHVILLE LOCALS ACTUALLY SPEND THEIR WEEKENDS

12South's reputation for independent restaurants, live music, coffee roasters, and vintage shops isn't hype — it's blocks away. This isn't the tourist strip. This is where locals have their morning coffee, brunch with friends, and weekend night out.

Walking Distance:
-8th & Roasters (4-minute walk) — Legendary morning coffee shop along 8th Ave S.
-First Watch Cafe (5-minute walk) — arguably the best fast casual breakfast chain in the south!
-Hattie B's Hot Chicken (5-minute walk) — Nashville's original famous hot chicken chain. Yes, it's as good as people say. Get there early, the lines get long.
-Zanie's Comedy Club (5-minute walk) - Historic boutique comedy club hosting many famous comedians.

Short Drive or Uber (5-12 minutes):
-Lower Broadway / Honky Tonk Highway (~10 min) — live music in every doorway, 24/7, no cover charge. The energy is unmatched.
-The Gulch (~10 min) — trendiest dining scene in Nashville; this is where the city's food energy is concentrated.
-Ryman Auditorium (~12 min) — the Mother Church of Country Music. The history in this building is palpable.
-Nissan Stadium (~12 min) — Tennessee Titans games, concerts, and events year-round.
-Geodis Park (~10 min) — Nashville SC soccer.
-Nashville Farmers' Market (~12 min) — Saturday mornings with local vendors.
-Belmont University (~10 min) — Beautiful and historic private university campus

Guests rate our location a perfect 5.0 — connected to downtown energy but residential enough that you actually feel like you're living in Nashville, not just visiting.

WHY YOU'LL LOVE THIS HOME

Multigenerational Families: 4 private bathrooms mean no bathroom lines. 4 bedrooms give everyone their own space. Full baby gear is already here. Grandparents, parents, and kids all fit comfortably without stepping on each other.

Bachelorette & Bachelor Parties: Beds for the whole crew. Modern and spacious accommodations to gather and celebrate. Ten minutes to Broadway. You get ready together, arrive as a group, and return to your own space to wind down.

Corporate Retreats & Team Gatherings: Dedicated workspace and high-speed WiFi for morning check-ins. A 6-seat dining table for group meals. A full kitchen so you can control your own food and schedule. 12South's coffee shops are a 5-minute walk if you need a change of scenery.

Friend Groups: You came to Nashville to experience it like locals do, not stay in a tourist bubble. 12South is where Nashvillians actually spend their weekends. Walk to coffee. Uber to Broadway. Explore the neighborhoods. This home is your base camp for authentic Nashville.

Extended Stays (28+ Days): Long-term stays are welcome. Full kitchen, laundry in the unit, dedicated workspace, and a neighborhood interesting enough that you won't get bored. Message us before booking to discuss extended-stay arrangements.

Guest access
You'll have full, private access to the entire home — all bedrooms, bathrooms, living room, kitchen, dining, laundry, backyard, garage, and driveway.

Check-in is self-guided via smart lock — your unique code arrives before you do. No waiting, no key exchange. Check-in after 3:00 PM; Checkout by 10:00 AM.

Exterior security cameras are at access points for everyone's safety. We offer fully private entrances — no shared lobby or hallway with other guests.

Other things to note
Maximum 12 guests. No smoking inside (the patio is fine). 

Service animals are welcome per ADA guidelines. No pets. 

No parties or gatherings beyond your registered guest group. Quiet hours begin at 10:00 PM — 12South is residential, and our neighbors are part of what makes this neighborhood special.

Please treat our home as your own and report any issues promptly. We're here to help if anything needs attention.

We genuinely love this neighborhood and this home, and we know you will too!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chandler
Host User ID: 96739684
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/96739684
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Howdy, y’all! We’re Kim and Chandler—a husband-and-wife duo with a passion for hospitality and creating unforgettable stays. Since 2016, we’ve been welcoming guests to Nashville, blending Southern charm with thoughtful design. As avid travelers, we know what makes a stay special, and we’re dedicated to providing an authentic local experience. Our goal is sharing the magic of Music City while making every guest feel at home. We'd love to host you!
My work: Digital Entrepreneur
I spend too much time: dreaming up big ideas
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
700 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting