URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1353892544599178177
Latitude: 36.1466
Longitude: -86.8168
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
- Modern, stylish living area with a balcony
- Sleek and fully equipped kitchen
- 2 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms
- Access to The Odyssey’s pool and fitness center
- Prime walkable location in the heart of Midtown

The space
Step into Outlaw's Den, a delightful two-bedroom, two-bathroom condo situated in the heart of Midtown Nashville, Tennessee. Located in the Odyssey at the Park building and easily accessible via elevator, this cozy abode not only offers proximity to a well-equipped fitness center just a few doors away but also boasts a captivating interior design that sets the stage for your ultimate Nashville adventure.

Outlaw's Den is just two blocks from the iconic Centennial Park and the Parthenon in the lively West End neighborhood. A mere 5-minute Uber ride will transport you to the heartbeat of the city on Broadway, where the energy of Nashville never ceases. Whether you're in town for work or play, all the best that Nashville has to offer awaits right at your doorstep.

Step into the chic and inspiring living space, featuring comfortable furnishings and a convertible Queen bed for extra guests. Floor-to-ceiling windows bathe the room in natural light, offering delightful neighborhood views. The fully equipped kitchen boasts brand-new high-end stainless steel appliances and all culinary essentials, making cooking a breeze. Convenience is key at Outlaw's Den, with a built-in wall microwave and a fridge featuring a water/ice dispenser.

The primary bedroom includes a lavish king bed, smart TV, walk-in closet, and an ensuite bathroom with a luxurious stand-in shower and a single vanity. You'll find the in-unit washer and dryer tucked away in the primary bathroom's closet for added convenience. The 2nd bedroom features a Queen Bed, a built-in desk for a convenient workstation, and thoughtful bedroom furnishings. The 2nd bathroom, located off the kitchen area, offers a single vanity and a shower/tub combo.

Located in the Odyssey, you’ll also have access to the building’s resort-style amenities, including a seasonal pool, BBQ area, fire pits, and a state-of-the-art gym to round out your stay. There's even Tito's Mexican Restaurant located directly in the building (opening Feb 2025)! Whether you're here for music, dining, or simply relaxing, this modern retreat is the perfect place to call home during your stay in Nashville!

Outlaw's Den is more than simply a place to stay—it's your starting point for the ideal escape to Nashville. This condo promises to be an excellent base for your adventures in Music City because of its convenient location, chic style, and availability of building amenities like the fitness facility.

Walking distance to hundreds of Midtown - West End attractions and 5 minutes to Broadway!
2 min walk: Centennial Park
4 min walk: The Parthenon
5 min walk: Taylor Swift Bench, The Local Nashville, BrickTop's, Bombay Palace
6 min walk: Red's Hot Chicken, Newk's Eatery, Maggiano s Little Italy
7 min walk: Starbucks, J Alexander's Restaurant
10 min walk: Vanderbilt University, SandBar Nashville, Avo
13 min walk: Martin's Bar-B-Que

- Uber/Car/Lyft -
3 min: Climb Nashville
4 min: Tennessee State University, Hillsboro-West End
5 min: Broadway, Nashville Yards (Amazon HQ2), Vanderbilt University Medical Center, Music Row, The Nations
6 mins: Music City Center, RCA Studio, Belmont Mansion, McCabe Golf Club, Ted Rhodes Golf Club
7 mins: Sobro, The Gulch, Germantown, Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum, Patterson
8 mins: Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, Johnny Cash Museum
9 mins: Top Golf, 12 South District
10 mins: Geodis Park
12 mins: Nashville Zoo
17 mins: Grand Ole Opry

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

AvantStay provides an upscale experience with services that elevate your stay and save time so you can enjoy every moment. Guests have access to a 24/7 support team and a tech-enabled concierge to book services, such as fridge stocking, mid-stay cleanings, and private chefs. For anything you need (or never knew you needed), we’re at your service!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- The building has an elevator to take you to each floor.
- This is an up-and-coming area, so there is construction for surrounding buildings nearby. Depending on your length of stay and booking dates, guests may experience nearby construction noise.
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note: the pool is open all year round, but depending on extreme weather conditions, the pool may close. Hours of operation are from 8AM - 8PM.

Parking Details:
- Parking is provided on a first-come, first-serve basis in the top-floor parking garage. No reserved parking. Guests can park in any spot that is not marked reserved. No parking pass required.
- If no garage spaces are available upon your arrival, or If you have extra vehicles, additional street parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis.

A high chair and pack n' play travel crib can be provided upon request with at least 24hrs advanced notice.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $300 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Accidental Damage Protection: A non-refundable accidental damage protection plan has been included in the price of your reservation. Under this plan, you will not be held responsible to pay for accidental damage or loss to the rental property resulting from you or others in your party up to $2000. This plan does not cover intentional acts of a guest, gross negligence, or willful and wanton conduct, and/or damages caused by pets. This plan is not available for reservations 28 days or longer or reservations that require a security deposit.

Registration Details
2023088847

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6903 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting