URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1543655650587523126
Latitude: 36.15275
Longitude: -86.77931
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover The Hyve Mega Oasis, a rare downtown Nashville retreat with a spacious 4BR 3-bath residence and a striking 2BR penthouse. Expect modern design, upscale comfort, breathtaking city views, and large private patios. Just a 15-minute walk to Broadway, top bars, and restaurants. Enjoy on-site perks: pool, gym, and fire pit. Walkable, stylish, and convenient—the Hyve Mega is your luxury oasis. The central location keeps you close everything you'll need during your Nashville getaway!

The space
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Stay with confidence knowing you’re in the hands of the most trusted, top-rated host team in the Hyve building! Two luxury units - this listing includes the stunning 4BR/3BA condo (5th Floor) with private patio and a 2BR/2BA Penthouse (6th Floor). While you have access to both units they are not connected with the 4BR/3BA on the 5th floor and the 2BR/2BA Penthouse on the 6th floor. Approximately a 1-minute or less walk.

AMAZING AMENITIES INCLUDED:
★ Outdoor Pool w/ sunbathing deck 
★ Poolside Cabanas + In-Pool Loungers
★ Courtyard hang-out area with fire pits 
★ State-of-the-art fitness center 
★ Pelotons, Treadmills, Rower, Dumbbells
★ Gas Grill & Outdoor Ping-Pong Table 
★ Work & Hang-out Lounge
★ Coffee Bar w/ Keurig, Coffee pot & k-cups
★ XL Patios w/ comfy seating & city views 
★ On-Site Concierge & Security Officer
★ Complimentary Luggage Storage 
★ DOOR Smart locks Installed throughout building
★ Designated parking spot
★ Free parking - 25 spaces (first come, first served)
★ Walk to 100s of bars and restaurants 

Welcome to The Hyve Mega, an extraordinary downtown Nashville experience that combines two stunning units—a spacious four-bedroom residence and a luxurious two-bedroom penthouse—giving your group exclusive access to both spaces within the same modern building.

🏙 The Four-Bedroom Residence (1,600 sq. ft.) 
Located on the 5th Floor

This beautifully designed home offers 4 bedrooms and 3 full bathrooms, blending comfort, style, and convenience. The open-concept living, dining, and kitchen areas are perfect for entertaining or relaxing after exploring downtown.
Sleeping Arrangements:
★ Bedroom 1 – Queen bed
★ Bedroom 2 – Queen bed
★ Bedroom 3 – Two queen beds
★ Bedroom 4 – One queen bed + one single

Step out onto a stunning wraparound balcony featuring luxurious outdoor furniture, ideal for morning coffee, evening cocktails, or soaking in the fresh air.

-------------------------------------------------------

🌆 The Penthouse (1,087 sq. ft.)
Located on the 6th Floor

Experience Nashville from above in this modern two-bedroom, two-bath penthouse with high-end finishes and skyline views. The open layout creates a bright, airy atmosphere perfect for gathering and unwinding.
Sleeping Arrangements:
★ Bedroom 1 – King bed, large windows, natural light
★ Bedroom 2 – Two queen bunk beds + one twin bed

This penthouse features a private balcony for your morning coffee or evening wine, and an additional outdoor patio for lounging under the city lights.

-------------------------------------------------------

🏠 Access

Guests enjoy exclusive use of both units, perfect for large groups or families who want to stay together while enjoying extra privacy and space.

-------------------------------------------------------

AMAZING LOCATION TO ALL HOT SPOTS:
★ Broadway/Famous Strip - 15 minute walk 
★ Music City Convention Center - 5 minute walk 
★ City Winery - 5 minute walk
★ Ole Smoky Moonshine Distillery - 5 minute walk
★The Gulch - 5 minute walk
★ Country Music Hall of Fame - 8 minute walk
★ Bridgestone Arena - 13 minute walk 
★ Nissan Stadium - 25 minute walk

★AND MUCH MORE WITH 100s OF BARS AND RESTAURANTS WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE★

Guest access
This secure building is equipped with Door Smart locks throughout. Using Door is a building requirement and part of the safety rules that all guests must use Door during their stay. 

Only guests with Door access are permitted into the building. There are no keys or number pads in this building. The Door App offers better security and easier access for all guests. All guests must use the Door App on their smartphone to unlock doors. To access Door lookout for an email from Door a few days before your stay to gain access.

Door access starts at 4pm day of check-in and expires the day of check-out at 10am. There will be no Door access into the lobby/building before 4pm day of check-in unless pre-arranged with host. Please let us know if you are arriving before 4pm.

Other things to note
★With this listing, guests get exclusive access to two premium Hyve condos: a 4-bedroom suite on the 5th floor and a 2-bedroom suite on the 6th floor—offering upscale comfort and ample space for 16+ guests. It takes 1 minute or less to get from the 4 bedroom unit to the 2 bedroom unit inside the building.

★Nashville is a vibrant, rapidly expanding city, and Hyve is situated in an urban downtown setting. Like any major city or urban area, you may encounter noise from sirens, trains, construction, music, other tourists, as well as see nearby homelessness. If you are particularly sensitive to noise or the presence of homelessness in the city of Nashville, you may want to explore accommodations located 10-15 minutes away from downtown Nashville. Most of our guests do not have any problems but it's important to note in case you aren't used to an urban downtown environment. Hyve is a safe and secure building with professional on-site security and Door app access needed to enter the building.

★ Kindly note, the entire building is a smoke & vape free environment. There is no smoking or vaping allowed anywhere inside the units, hallways, balconies, parking garages, common areas,  pool, courtyard, etc. The smoke alarms inside the building will be trigged with any smoke or vape detected. On-site management and security are giving minimum $300 fines per occurrence. You must smoke and vape at least 20 feet away from the entire building premises, across the street.

★Check-in: 4pm & check-out: by 10am
We might be able to accommodate an early check-in or a late check-out for an additional fee subject to availability and host approval. Please ask us when booking. 

★Complimentary Luggage Storage is now available with on-site concierge from 9:30am-5:30pm. If you are interested in this service, please let us know during the booking process so we can make the proper arrangements. Our cleaners will not hold luggage inside unit. 

★The building has a free secured parking garage located on the upper level for guests; approximately 25 spaces, first come/first served.  In addition, there is an on-site paid public parking garage on the lower level if upper level parking garage is full. Free street parking and EV Parking also available. Please note, free parking is not guaranteed during your stay & is simply on a first come, first served basis. Please park in a space that's not reserved. 

★Building and community amenity spaces are available to all Hyve guests. We as hosts have no control over them and their cleanliness, maintenance, repair, and/or availability. In the event any of the building amenities become unavailable or have issues, we assume no responsibility for these spaces, will not provide a refund of any kind, and will inform the HOA of such. Pool is open March-Oct for the season. 

Thank you for reading our entire listing! If you have made it this far, please feel free to reach out to us with any questions! We'd love the opportunity to host you!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dylan
Host User ID: 667320951
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/667320951
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lead Property Manager for Stay Nashville, LLC. 

A bit about me, I’m married to my beautiful wife Rylee and we have a daughter named Mabel. I’m passionate about my church, Holy Saints, CrossFit, and enjoying life to the fullest. I love to read, explore new ideas, and explore new places, especially when it means being outdoors. My faith is my foundation, and I strive to live for the Lord daily. Life’s a thrilling ride, and I’m here to embrace it all with gratitude!.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Lipscomb University
2 years hosting