URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1002195760983737536
Latitude: 36.15102
Longitude: -86.77765
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Golden Hour Getaway is a colorful 3BR/2BA Pie Town condo that comfortably sleeps 8 in two king and two queen beds—no bunks. Enjoy a private balcony with city skyline views, themed rooms, fast Wi‑Fi, a stocked kitchen, in-unit laundry, seasonal heated pool, hot tub, gym, EV charger, and walkable access to Broadway, The Gulch, arenas, and downtown events. Professionally managed and spotless. Weekends and events book quickly.

The space
Set on the fourth floor, this bright condo faces 7th Ave and sits on the opposite side of the building from the train tracks for a quieter place to recharge after downtown fun. Colorful, themed interiors include neon-lit living spaces and distinctive Kacey Musgraves, Elvis, butterfly, and “Space Cowboy” decor; the Space Cowboy bedroom features a galaxy light projector.

The open-concept layout brings together a modern, fully equipped kitchen with an island, dining area, and spacious living room. Step onto the east-facing private balcony for morning coffee or pre-game drinks, with city skyline views.

Sleeping for 8:
• Bedroom 1: two queen hybrid mattresses; windowless by design for light sleepers, with closet storage just outside the room
• Primary suite: king hybrid mattress, walk-in closet, and dresser
• Bedroom 3: king hybrid mattress, dresser, and nearby closet access

Thoughtful comforts include four smart TVs, a record player and sound system, central A/C and heat, room-darkening shades,  fast Wi‑Fi, and a free in-unit washer and dryer. The kitchen includes a dishwasher, stainless-steel stove and oven, refrigerator, microwave, coffee makers, Ninja blender, cookware, and dining essentials. One pet is welcome but please talk to us prior to booking to confirm.

Guest access
You’ll have private access to the entire three-bedroom, two-bath condo, including the private balcony. Self check-in is available via smart lock through the DOOR app on your smartphone or Apple Watch.

You’ll also have access to the building’s shared amenities:
• Seasonal heated outdoor pool 
• Fitness center with free weights, treadmill, and workout bench
• Outdoor lounge with fire pits, ping-pong table, outdoor kitchen, and shared gas grill
• Resident lounge and co-working space
• Elevator and EV charger

Garage parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis through gated DOOR-app access. Limited free street parking is available in front of the building, and discounted paid garage parking may be available as an overflow option. This is also a city lot across the street.

Other things to note
Hyve is in a bustling downtown setting, so typical city sounds—including traffic, sirens, construction, and occasional train noise—may be heard. This condo is positioned away from the train tracks.

All units in the building are short-term rentals, and weekends can be lively. Exterior security cameras are present on the property.

Registration number: #2023078043

Registration Details
#2023078043

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Heather
Host User ID: 125701601
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/125701601
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Love family, travel, adventuring, quiet time, my dog, yummy food and wine! We lived in Italy for 6 years and enjoyed staying in short term rentals. It's easier to feel at home in a new area when you are staying in a residence like a local.
Where I went to school: After HS, I went to Beauty School.
My work: Property Manager
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
170 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting