URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1680732523277632043
Latitude: 36.14702842003212
Longitude: -86.79378603837182
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Music Row. Nashville's most legendary address — and your group's perfect home base. Four bedrooms and six beds, a fully equipped kitchen and a private rooftop. Whether you're here for the live music, the food scene, or just quality time with your favorite people, The Grove gives you the space to do it your way. Broadway and the Ryman are right there when you're ready. This is what a group trip is supposed to feel like! If you need anything we are right there to help.

The space
Music Row. You've heard of it. Now you get to stay on it.

The Grove is a modern, meticulously designed retreat planted squarely in the heart of where Nashville's greatest songs were written and its most legendary careers were launched. The black-brick exterior says I know exactly what I am before you've even touched the door handle. Inside, curated decor and contemporary finishes that feel intentional — because they are. This isn't a property that happened. It was decided.

Four bedrooms. Four and a half bathrooms. A fully equipped kitchen, in-unit laundry, and a private rooftop with outdoor seating. The logistics are handled. Flawlessly. So you can focus on the part that actually matters — which, for the record, is having an exceptional time.

Milestone birthdays, long-overdue reunions, bachelorette weekends that will absolutely not be discussed in full — rent individual suites or take over the whole property. Either way, you've got the space, the address, and frankly, the energy to do Nashville properly.

Floor plan

First floor:
Living room
Full kitchen
Full bath
Bedroom 1: King bedroom

Second floor:
Washer / dryer
Bedroom 2: Bunk room — queen over queen, ensuite bath
Bedroom 3: Queen bedroom with ensuite bath

Third floor:
Bedroom 4: Two queen beds with ensuite bath
Rooftop access
Rooftop

Outdoor lounge furniture & dining area
Open air — morning coffee or late-night cap, your call
The rooftop

Open air. Outdoor lounge furniture. The Nashville sky doing its thing above you. Morning coffee before the city wakes up, or a nightcap after a night well spent — the rooftop has a way of becoming the moment everyone talks about on the drive home. Access via stairs from the third floor. Worth every step.

The neighborhood

The location is, not to put too fine a point on it, excellent.

Vanderbilt University campus — minutes away, stunning architecture, great morning walk
Broadway's honky-tonks — close enough to be thrilling, far enough that you'll actually sleep
Country Music Hall of Fame & Ryman Auditorium — for when the itinerary calls for something iconic
Nashville BBQ — will genuinely ruin you for everywhere else. That's not a warning, it's a promise.
Good to know

Pets are welcome — up to 2. Pet fee is $150 per pet, paid at booking. Please register your pets ahead of time. Unregistered or unpaid pets are subject to a $500 fee. We will find out. We always do.
Quiet hours are 10 PM – 8 AM. The neighbors are lovely. Let's keep it that way. Noise violations are taken seriously and subject to fees.
Rooftop access requires stairs — plan accordingly and bring the right shoes.
No cable. Roku + HDMI. The group will agree on something. Probably.
Paid street parking out front. One less thing.

Guest access
Guests have private access to the entire home throughout their stay, giving your group plenty of space to relax, gather, and enjoy Nashville together.
Private Rooftop Balcony
Head to the top floor and enjoy your own private rooftop balcony, complete with a fire pit and grill. It’s the perfect spot to unwind after exploring Nashville, enjoy a meal together, or spend the evening relaxing with your group.
Full Kitchen
The home features a full kitchen with everything you need to prepare meals, snacks, or drinks during your stay perfect for groups who want the convenience of dining in.
Parking
A small complimentary parking lot is available for guests on a first-come, first-served basis. Spaces are limited and cannot be reserved or guaranteed.
Additional free street parking is available nearby on a first-come, first-served basis.
Your Private Space Includes:
• Entire home
• Private rooftop balcony
• Fire pit
• Grill
• Full kitchen
• Living and dining areas
• Bedrooms and bathrooms
• Complimentary parking options
Whether you're getting ready for a night out, cooking together, or winding down around the fire pit, the home is yours to enjoy throughout your Nashville stay.

Other things to note
Pet Policy
We’re happy to welcome your four-legged travel companion! Up to Three dogs are permitted with a $100 pet fee or a $500 unannounced pet/pets. Please let us know in advance if you’ll be bringing a dog so we can properly prepare for your stay.

At this time, cats are not permitted.

No Smoking or Vaping
The Grove  is 100% smoke- and vape-free property. Smoking and vaping are prohibited inside the House, and courtyard.
A $200 cleaning fee may be charged for violations of this policy.

Coming to Nashville with friends or family? We want you to have a great time! Small, respectful gatherings are welcome, and guests are encouraged to enjoy the fire pits, and BBQ grills. 

We simply ask that you:
Keep noise at a respectful level, especially after 
11 PM
Make sure the number of guests matches your reservation
Respect other guests and our neighbors
Avoid excessive noise, illegal activity, and unauthorized guests

Superhost Hospitality
Stay with confidence knowing you’re in experienced hands. Our team has welcomed hundreds of Nashville guests, and we pride ourselves on providing clean spaces, responsive communication, and an easy arrival experience. Our Airbnb recognition for a Great Check-In Experience reflects what we aim to deliver with every reservation: a smooth arrival, a comfortable stay, and a Nashville experience worth remembering.

Have questions before or during your stay? Send us a message anytime. We’re here to help make your Nashville trip a great one.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Notable Collection
Host User ID: 699711821
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699711821
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
2514 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting