URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1285619637000763597
Latitude: 36.193
Longitude: -86.7791
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 13
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Brand New Luxury Downtown Home with Private Rooftop, Hot Tub, and Game Room!

The space
Welcome to your ultimate Nashville getaway! This brand-new, luxury home is designed for comfort and entertainment, offering everything you need for an unforgettable stay. Perfect for large groups, family reunions, or special celebrations, this 13-bed home combines modern style with top-tier amenities.

Key Features:
	•	Private Rooftop: Enjoy breathtaking views of Nashville’s skyline from your own private rooftop deck. It’s the perfect spot for morning coffee, evening cocktails, or simply soaking in the city’s energy.
	•	Hot Tub: Unwind after a day of exploring the Music City in your own luxurious hot tub, located on the rooftop for a serene, private experience under the stars.
	•	Game Room: The spacious game room is packed with entertainment options, including a pool table, Karaoke machine, and a TV! 
	•	13 Comfortable Beds: With 13 beds spread across multiple spacious bedrooms, there’s room for everyone to sleep in comfort. Whether you’re traveling with family, friends, or colleagues, you’ll have plenty of space to relax and recharge.
	•	Modern Kitchen & Dining: The fully-equipped, chef-inspired kitchen is perfect for cooking meals together. A large dining table provides ample seating for everyone to enjoy meals together, or take your dining experience outside to the rooftop deck.
	•	Prime Location: Located just minutes from Nashville’s best attractions, including Broadway, the Country Music Hall of Fame, and other iconic music venues, you’ll be at the heart of the action. Enjoy the city’s vibrant nightlife, amazing restaurants, and rich culture, all just a short drive away.
	•	High-End Finishes & Decor: Every corner of this home has been thoughtfully designed with modern, stylish decor and high-end finishes. From the spacious living areas to the cozy bedrooms, you’ll feel right at home in this beautifully designed space.

Other Amenities:
	•	TVs throughout the home 
	•	High-speed Wi-Fi throughout the home
	•	Washer and dryer for your convenience
	•	Dedicated parking for multiple vehicles
	•	Air conditioning and heating for year-round comfort

Whether you’re coming to Nashville for the music, the food, or just to have an amazing time with friends and family, this home has everything you need for a stay you’ll never forget. Book today and start planning your perfect Nashville experience!

 This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Hope you enjoy your stay in Nashville!

Guest access
Entire home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting