URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1613954876136691121
Latitude: 36.1954
Longitude: -86.7798
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★ Girls Night Out by AvantStay ★ 

• Bold Nashville retreat with private karaoke lounge
• High-end, private karaoke room with stage, sound system & large TV
• Open-concept living + full kitchen with signature lemon fridge
• Private rooftop with hot tub, fire pit, bar seating & skyline views
• 4 bedrooms sleeping up to 12 guests
• Smart TVs throughout, glam getting-ready stations, parking & laundry

The space
Welcome to Girls Night Out, a bold, elevated Nashville stay built around one unforgettable centerpiece: a high-end, private karaoke lounge designed to turn your group getaway into a full-blown performance weekend. Perfect for bachelorette parties, milestone birthdays, or a glam girls’ trip, this home blends playful design, skyline views, and entertainment-forward spaces made for celebrating loud, late, and together.

The open-concept living area is bright, stylish, and made for connection, flowing seamlessly into a fully equipped kitchen stocked with all the essentials—plus a signature lemon fridge that adds a pop of personality. The dining area features seating for six at the table with additional seating throughout the space, making it easy for the whole group to gather for meals, games, or pre-night-out toasts. All TVs in the home are Smart TVs, including those in the living room, rooftop, and karaoke lounge, so streaming and screen-sharing are always effortless.

Downstairs, the home’s private karaoke lounge takes center stage. This curtain-wrapped performance space features a high-end karaoke system, full sound system, large TV screen, dedicated performance stage, and a plush viewing couch, creating a true at-home concert experience. Whether you’re hosting a themed singalong, hyping up the bride, or putting on a late-night show for your group, this space is designed for both standout performances and front-row fun—no crowds required.

Outdoor living is just as memorable. Step onto the private deck to gather around the fire pit or enjoy cocktails at the outdoor dining table, then head up to the rooftop for the ultimate Nashville moment. A private hot tub, pink lounge seating, bar stools, and sweeping downtown views make this rooftop a go-to hangout from daytime lounging to after-hours wind-downs.

Getting ready is part of the experience here. The home includes dedicated makeup mirrors and getting-ready stations, making it easy for groups to glam up together before a night out—or touch up between karaoke sets.

The home sleeps up to 12 guests across four well-appointed bedrooms designed for both privacy and flexibility. Three bedrooms feature en-suite bathrooms, including a primary suite with a queen bed, a second bedroom with two queen beds, and a third with a king bed. The fourth bedroom is a versatile loft-style space with two twin beds and two sleeper sofas, making it ideal for kids or additional guests. This thoughtful layout allows groups to spread out comfortably while still enjoying shared time together.

Located just minutes from downtown, Girls Night Out places you close to Broadway’s iconic honky-tonks, rooftop bars, live music venues, and Nashville’s most exciting dining and nightlife—while offering a stylish, entertainment-packed retreat to return to afterward. With in-unit laundry, garage parking plus an additional dedicated space, and standout amenities throughout, this home isn’t just a place to stay—it’s the main event.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home allows up to 2  pets for a fee; undisclosed pets brought without AvantStay’s approval may result in a $500 fine per pet.

Parking Details:
- Guests may park in one space directly in front of the unit and one garage space. A limited number of overflow parking spaces are also available on site.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit Number: 202/510/2499

Registration Details
2025102499

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting