URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/683938630906973068
Latitude: 36.1818
Longitude: -86.7383
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
You step off the front porch of our East Nashville craftsman home and the neighborhood pulls you in — morning coffee from Ugly Mugs is a 4-minute walk with Five Daughters Bakery and Jeni's Ice Cream right next door. The whole block feels like the Nashville locals kept it for themselves! 5 bedrooms, 3.5 baths, a fully fenced yard, and an elevated private back patio mean everyone spreads out comfortably. Broadway is 10 minutes away. But honestly? You might not want to leave.

The space
This is a real home in one of Nashville's most beloved neighborhoods designed for groups who want to actually live here, not just pass through — this isn't a hotel or a condo. With 5 bedrooms sleeping up to 12 guests and 3.5 bathrooms, everyone gets their own routine and their own space.

The main living room is the heart of the home, anchored by a plush sectional and a 65" HDTV with Apple TV, Netflix, Disney+, Hulu, and HBO Max ready to stream with your subscriptions. Premium cable is included. French doors open directly onto the backyard patio, so the energy flows seamlessly between indoors and out — perfect for groups that want to gather, cook, eat, and relax without missing a beat.

BEDROOMS & BATHROOMS: EVERYONE HAS THEIR OWN SANCTUARY

-Primary Bedroom: King bed plus a day bed with trundle, walk-in closet, and en suite bathroom — perfect for a couple who wants their own retreat or parents traveling with kids.
-Bedroom 2: Queen bed, basement level, private bathroom — ideal for guests who prefer quiet and separation from the main activity.
-Bedroom 3: Queen bed, second level, hallway bathroom — bright, accessible space in the heart of the home.
-Bedroom 4: Queen bed, second level, hallway bathroom — matches Bedroom 3, giving flexibility for similar room assignments.
-Bedroom 5: Queen-over-Queen bunk beds, entry level — the crew favorite. Kids love it; adult friend groups think it's fun and efficient.

With 3.5 bathrooms, there's no morning standoff. Everyone showers on their own schedule.

KITCHEN & DINING: FULL-SERVICE COOKING & GATHERING

Samsung stainless appliances, a large island with bar stools, full refrigerator, electric stove, oven, microwave, and dishwasher mean you can cook a real meal here — not just reheat takeout. The kitchen is stocked with a drip coffee maker, blender, wine glasses, and cooking basics so you're not hunting for a spatula at 8 PM.

The dining table seats 10+ under an industrial chandelier, so your whole group eats together. Whether it's breakfast before exploring the neighborhood or a group dinner you've prepped in the kitchen, there's room for everyone.

OUTDOOR LIVING: FENCED YARD & ELEVATED PATIO

The private fenced backyard is a game-changer for groups. The elevated patio includes patio furniture, outdoor dining setup, and soft evening lighting — it's the kind of space where people naturally gather. Open those French doors from the living room and the indoor-outdoor flow is completely seamless.

EVERYTHING YOU NEED FOR FAMILIES WITH YOUNG CHILDREN

If you're traveling with babies or toddlers, we've thought ahead: pack 'n play, high chair, baby bath, changing table, baby monitor, children's books and toys (ages 0+), baby gates, and outlet covers. You don't have to pack or rent — it's all here.

COMFORT & CONVENIENCE BUILT IN

In-unit washer and dryer mean you can do laundry without leaving the property. High-speed WiFi and a dedicated workspace make it easy to work remotely or handle quick tasks. Ceiling fans and central heating/air keep everyone comfortable year-round.

PARKING: GARAGE, DRIVEWAY & STREET PARKING

One private garage fits one standard vehicle. The private driveway fits two additional cars. Free street parking is available directly in front with no permits or time limits. The front door drop-off is easy and well-lit for Uber or Lyft arrivals & departures.

THE NEIGHBORHOOD: WHERE NASHVILLE LOCALS ACTUALLY SPEND THEIR WEEKENDS

East Nashville's reputation for independent restaurants, live music, coffee roasters, and vintage shops isn't hype — it's blocks away. This isn't the tourist strip. This is where locals have their morning coffee, brunch with friends, and weekend night out.

Walking Distance:
-Five Daughters Bakery (4-minute walk) — Nashville's legendary 100-layer croissant-donut. Yes, it's as good as people say. Get there early.
-Jeni's Splendid Ice Cream (5-minute walk) — guests mention these flavors in their reviews months later.
-Five Points (10-minute walk) — coffee in the morning, cocktails at night, vinyl records, and that front-porch culture that makes East Nashville feel like home.

Short Drive or Uber (5-12 minutes):
-Lower Broadway / Honky Tonk Highway (~10 min) — live music in every doorway, 24/7, no cover charge. The energy is unmatched.
-The Gulch (~10 min) — trendiest dining scene in Nashville; this is where the city's food energy is concentrated.
-Shelby Park & Shelby Bottoms (~5 min) — 950+ acres of trails, greenway, and dog park if you're looking to get outside and move.
-The Basement East (~5 min) — beloved local live music venue where artists actually perform.
-The 5 Spot (~4 min) — weekly themed live music nights. Small, intimate, real.
-Ryman Auditorium (~12 min) — the Mother Church of Country Music. The history in this building is palpable.
-Nissan Stadium (~5 min) — Tennessee Titans games, concerts, and events year-round.
-Geodis Park (~12 min) — Nashville SC soccer.
-Margot Café & Bar (~6 min) — if you want an acclaimed, French-influenced upscale dinner without the tourist crowds.
-Nashville Farmers' Market (~12 min) — Saturday mornings with local vendors.

Guests rate our location a perfect 5.0 — connected to downtown energy but residential enough that you actually feel like you're living in Nashville, not just visiting.

WHY YOU'LL LOVE THIS HOME

Multigenerational Families: Three and a half bathrooms mean no bathroom lines. Five bedrooms give everyone their own space. Full baby gear is already here. Grandparents, parents, and kids all fit comfortably without stepping on each other.

Bachelorette & Bachelor Parties: Beds for the whole crew. A private fenced yard to gather and celebrate. Ten minutes to Broadway. You get ready together, arrive as a group, and return to your own space to wind down.

Corporate Retreats & Team Gatherings: Dedicated workspace and high-speed WiFi for morning check-ins. A 10-seat dining table for group meals. A full kitchen so you can control your own food and schedule. East Nashville's coffee shops are a 5-minute walk if you need a change of scenery.

Friend Groups: You came to Nashville to experience it like locals do, not stay in a tourist bubble. East Nashville is where Nashvillians actually spend their weekends. Walk to coffee. Uber to Broadway. Explore the neighborhoods. This home is your base camp for authentic Nashville.

Extended Stays (28+ Days): Long-term stays are welcome. Full kitchen, laundry in the unit, dedicated workspace, and a neighborhood interesting enough that you won't get bored. Message us before booking to discuss extended-stay arrangements.

Guest access
You'll have full, private access to the entire home — all bedrooms, bathrooms, living room, kitchen, dining, laundry, backyard, garage, and driveway.

Check-in is self-guided via smart lock — your unique code arrives before you do. No waiting, no key exchange. Check-in after 3:00 PM; Checkout by 10:00 AM.

Exterior security cameras are at access points for everyone's safety. We offer fully private entrances — no shared lobby or hallway with other guests.

Other things to note
Maximum 12 guests. No smoking inside (the patio is fine). 

Service animals are welcome per ADA guidelines. No pets. 

No parties or gatherings beyond your registered guest group. Quiet hours begin at 10:00 PM — East Nashville is residential, and our neighbors are part of what makes this neighborhood special.

Please treat our home as your own and report any issues promptly. We're here to help if anything needs attention.

We genuinely love this neighborhood and this home, and we know you will too!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chandler
Host User ID: 96739684
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/96739684
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Howdy, y’all! We’re Kim and Chandler—a husband-and-wife duo with a passion for hospitality and creating unforgettable stays. Since 2016, we’ve been welcoming guests to Nashville, blending Southern charm with thoughtful design. As avid travelers, we know what makes a stay special, and we’re dedicated to providing an authentic local experience. Our goal is sharing the magic of Music City while making every guest feel at home. We'd love to host you!
Where I went to school: Louisiana Tech University
My work: Digital Entrepreneur
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
700 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting