URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1744954800225235718
Latitude: 36.20184
Longitude: -86.76714
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into a music lover's paradise in East Nashville! This 3-story townhouse sleeps 12 across 4 themed rooms — the King Johnny Cash Room, queen Nash Vegas Glam suite, 2-queen Dolly Parton Room, and a bunk room. Every bedroom has its own en-suite or private bath. The main floor offers an open kitchen, dining area, and cozy living room. Arrive easily with a 2-car garage and free street parking. Dog-friendly and minutes from Broadway, Nissan Stadium, and the best of Music City.

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival. 

ACCESS TYPE: 
▻ Guest will have access to the entire home

PROPERTY LAYOUT:
FIRST FLOOR:
▻ Garage: 2-car garage (compact cars only)
▻ Bedroom 1 – Bunk Room: 1 × queen-over-queen bunk bed; en-suite bath (single vanity, shower/tub combo)
▻ Laundry Area

SECOND FLOOR:
▻ Living Room - Smart TV, sofa
▻ Dining Area: Dining table
▻ Kitchen - Stove, Oven, Microwave, Fridge, Freezer, Garbage disposal, Drip coffee maker.

THIRD FLOOR:
▻ Bedroom 2 – Johnny Cash Room: 1 × king bed; hall bath access
▻ Bedroom 3 – Nash Vegas Glam: 1 × queen bed; en-suite bath (dual vanity, shower/tub combo)
▻ Bedroom 4 – Dolly Parton Room: 2 × queen beds; en-suite bath (dual vanity, glass walk-in shower)
▻ Hall Bathroom: Toilet, shower, bathtub (shared; serves Johnny Cash Room)

HIGHLIGHTS: 
▻ 4 music-themed bedrooms — Johnny Cash Room, Nash Vegas Glam, Dolly Parton Room & Bunk Room
▻ Sleeps 12 across a 3-story Nashville townhouse
▻ Every bedroom has its own en-suite or private bathroom (4 full baths)
▻ Queen-over-queen bunk room — ideal for larger groups and families
▻ King bed suite with Music City–inspired décor
▻ Open kitchen, dining area, and living room on a dedicated main floor
▻ Dog-friendly — bring your pup to Music City
▻ 2-car garage (compact) plus free street parking
▻ Minutes from Broadway, Nissan Stadium & East Nashville's dining scene
▻ Smart lock entry — flexible, hassle-free self check-in

ACCESSIBILITY: 
▻ Three-story townhouse with no elevator. Not suitable for guests requiring single-level access or those with limited mobility.

Guest access
PARKING:
▻ The property provides two dedicated garage parking spots. Additional first‑come street parking for 1–2 vehicles typically available in front of unit.

ENTERING THE HOME:
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES: 
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee. 
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings. 
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM 
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs. 
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500. 
▻ Please ensure pets are cleaned up after.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed. 

By booking this property, you agree to follow all rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation. 

POLICIES: 
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available). 
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access. 
▻ Late Check-Out – Late check-out is not guaranteed and requires host approval. Standard checkout applies unless approved. To guarantee a later stay, book the next night if available. Unauthorized late check-outs incurs violation fees.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ Pet Policy – We’re happy to welcome pets! A $140 non-refundable fee applies, plus $50 for each additional pet. This helps cover the extra deep cleaning to keep the home fresh for all guests. 
▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy. 
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item) 
▻ Cancellation - Cancellation refunds will be based on your booking's cancellation policy 
▻ There are exterior cameras installed above the front door, and at the back door. It is on and recording 24/7.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1662 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting