URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1395699032776004951
Latitude: 36.1254
Longitude: -86.7865
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This 1BR apartment is in a charming home built in 1920 and located in the heart of 12 South, steps away from many of the city's best restaurants & boutique shopping. It is a private unit with a full kitchen, bath, and backyard - all yours! The only shared space is the walkway up to the front door. 

This is a perfect stay for couples in town for a relaxing weekend, professionals here for work, or parents visiting students at the nearby Vanderbilt, Belmont or Lipscomb campuses.
STRP#2022.013.435

The space
🎨 Near Nashville’s Most Iconic Murals!

Welcome to your stylish and cozy home base in the heart of Music City—just a short stroll away from some of Nashville’s most Photo-worthy murals! Whether you’re chasing street art, sipping local coffee, or diving into the city’s creative energy, you’ll love how close you are to it all. The famous “What Lifts You” wings, the I Believe in Nashville mural, and many more colorful masterpieces are right around the corner, making it effortless to explore and snap unforgettable photos.

🛏️ A Space with Soul & Comfort
This thoughtfully curated suite blends modern comfort with historic charm. Featuring two comfy queen beds—one in the private bedroom and another as a pullout in the cozy living room—it’s perfect for solo travelers, couples, or a small group of friends. Please do let us know if you're bringing your pet along with you. There is a pet fee associated and the owner has a dog of their own they will need to keep separated. 

You’ll fall in love with the character of the space:

Exposed brick walls that tell a story

Original hardwood floors (beautifully worn and slightly uneven—just like any good Nashville tune!)

Carefully chosen décor that reflects the warmth and creativity of the city

🛌 Sleeping Arrangements:

Bedroom: Queen-size bed, ceiling fan, soft linens

Living Room: Queen pullout sofa, smart TV

🛁 Amenities Include:

Full bathroom with a tub/shower combo

Washer & dryer in unit

Keurig & drip coffee machines for your morning fix

Dedicated desk & chair for work or journaling your adventures

Driveway & street parking available

🛅Storage Locker 
Onsite Storage Locker available upon request

🧼 Starter Supplies Provided:
To help get you settled, we provide:
✔ 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
✔ 2 rolls of paper towels
✔ 1 cleaning sponge
✔ A few K-cups or a small bag of ground coffee

Whether you're in town for business, a weekend getaway, or to explore Nashville’s artistic side, this location puts you within walking distance of murals, cafes, boutiques, and the best of the city’s creative spirit. Come ready to relax, recharge, and discover all the vibrant color and culture that makes Nashville so special.

Guest access
You will have access to the entirety of Unit A and the private backyard. If needed, the driveway will be available for guest parking.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Most useless skill: N/A
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4539 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting