URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1603226613353076576
Latitude: 36.205899765226256
Longitude: -86.76617271793457
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Space, Style, and Scale: Welcome to Prince Unit B! This modern 2-story home mirrors the luxury of Unit A, offering Two Master Suites upstairs (each with private baths) and a spacious open floor plan downstairs.

Need More Space? Traveling with a massive group? We also manage Unit A next door! Message us to book both units side-by-side for a total of 4 Bedrooms, 5 Baths, and beds for 18-20 guests!

The space
Prince Unit B | Sleeps 8 | 2 En-Suite Bedrooms | Huge Parking

Your East Nashville Headquarters

Welcome to Prince Unit B, a modern, group-friendly home designed for comfort, privacy, and easy Nashville living. Whether you’re traveling with family, friends, a band on tour, or part of a wedding party, this home offers space to spread out—without sacrificing location.

Tucked away on a quiet street, yet just minutes to Crema Coffee Roasters (one of Nashville’s most iconic coffee spots) and East Nashville Beer Works, you’ll enjoy the perfect balance of peace and convenience.

⭐ Why Guests Love Unit B

Private En-Suite Bathrooms: Both bedrooms have their own bathrooms, no sharing

Flexible Sleeping for Groups: King bed, bunks, and trundles sleep up to 8 comfortably

Massive Parking Lot: Fits 6–8 cars, RVs, or trailers with ease

Expandable Option: Need more space? Ask about booking Unit A next door

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps up to 8)

Primary Suite (Upstairs):
King Suite 👑 — Spacious room with a King bed, twin trundle (great for kids), and private en-suite bath

Bunk Suite (Upstairs):
The Ultimate Bunk Room — Queen-over-Queen bunks plus a Queen trundle. Sleeps up to 6 and includes a private en-suite bath

Total Capacity: Sleeps up to 8 guests comfortably

🏡 The Space & Amenities

Open-concept living room perfect for gathering

Fully stocked kitchen with a drip coffee maker

High-speed Wi-Fi for work or streaming

Washer & dryer conveniently located on the second floor near bedrooms

📍 Location Highlights

Minutes to Crema Coffee Roasters ☕ — a Nashville favorite

Close to East Nashville Beer Works 🍺 —family-friendly brewery

Quiet residential street for restful nights

Easy drive to downtown, Broadway, and major venues

🚗 Parking

Event-Ready Parking 🚗 , Huge rear lot fits multiple vehicles, RVs, or trailers

💍 Perfect for Wedding Groups

Skip the hotel room blocks! Prince Unit B is a fantastic alternative for wedding parties. Book Unit A & Unit B together to house your entire group—saving money while enjoying shared living space, kitchens, and parking.

Guest access
🔐 Guest Access:

-Keyless entry with a unique code

-Full access to the entire home and rear parking lot

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4541 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting