URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1371006509440953667
Latitude: 36.159
Longitude: -86.8492
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your whole group will love the convenience & fun of staying in Nashville’s vibrant "Nations" neighborhood! From our home, you can walk to bars & fantastic restaurants while still being just a ride from the honky tonks on Broadway & all that downtown has to offer.
With 4 bedrooms, 6 beds, & a sofa pull-out, your group will have plenty of comfortable sleeping options. Enjoy some friendly competition with our pool table—perfect for keeping the good times rolling even when you're back at the house!

The space
🏠 Property Overview – STRP2025012686

Welcome to your Nashville getaway! This spacious home is packed with comfort, entertainment, and convenience—perfect for large groups, families, or friends traveling together.

🚗 Parking & Entry
Street Parking is available
There is limited street parking across the street from the unit and plenty of street parking on side streets.

The front door is the main entry; there’s also a backdoor entrance for added convenience.

🛋️ First Floor
Living Room: Sleeper sofa, console fireplace, and flat-screen TV—ideal for relaxing after a day out.

Bedroom: Two queen beds, TV, and a bathroom (shared with the living area).

🍽️ Second Floor
No bedrooms on this level, but it’s the heart of the home with a fully stocked kitchen and epic game/party room.

Kitchen Features:
Hot water kettle

Keurig coffee maker (with K-Cups)

Dishwasher

Refrigerator with water dispenser & ice maker

Garbage disposal

Dinnerware, utensils, and cutlery

Toaster, mixer, blender

Pots, pans, cutting boards, knives

Game/Party Room:
TV

Convertible pool table (doubles as a dining table with pull-out benches)

Poker/breakfast table

Stage area for your own mini-concert or celebration

🛏️ Third Floor
Right Bedroom: Two full beds, TV, and a private en-suite bathroom with stand-up shower.

Two Additional Bedrooms: Each with a queen bed and TV.

These bedrooms share a hallway full bath.

🧺 Additional Amenities
Washer & Dryer in the third-floor hallway

Garbage disposal bins located in the parking area

TVs in every bedroom

Guest access
We use a keyless locking system for your convenience. 🏠 You will gain access to the home via a unique house code created specifically for your stay.

This code will be sent to you with your check-in instructions a few weeks prior to your arrival, and you are welcome to share it with your group. You won't have to worry about sharing or losing a physical key! ✨

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting