URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/50177888
Latitude: 36.1259
Longitude: -86.793
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 8
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Walk to 12 South dining and Belmont University from this 19th-century restoration with a wisteria-draped lanai — 3BR / 2.5BA sleeps 10. Main-floor king primary, two upstairs queens, plus twin nooks and a king sleeper sofa for flexible overflow. Walk to bartaco, Edley's BBQ, Frothy Monkey, Sevier Park; close to Geodis Park (Nashville SC). 3 mi to Downtown, 2.5 mi to Broadway. Best for graduation weekends (Belmont, Vanderbilt), girls trips, family reunions. Not pet friendly.

The space
Welcome to Wisteria 12South, brought to you by Music City Magnolia. A Nashville vacation rental in 12 South — 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, sleeps 10. Best for graduation weekends (Belmont, Vanderbilt), girls trips, family reunions.

WHAT MAKES IT SPECIAL
• 19th-century restoration in Nashville's 12 South District
• 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, sleeps up to 10 (flexible layout)
• Walk to 12 South and The Gulch; close drive to Geodis Park
• Main-floor king primary — great for mobility needs
• Full kitchen

LAYOUT
3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths. Two-story home; bedrooms on both levels, stairs required for full access.

GOOD TO KNOW
• There is an on-site resident in the back house with a sweet dog named Winston — they do not enter the guest home.
• No luggage drop-off — but She's Got Baggage has you covered. We also always let guests know anytime a property is available for a slightly earlier check-in.

PARKING & PETS
Parking: Free street parking on property. Not pet friendly.

IMPORTANT TO NOTE
Check-in: 4:00 PM via contactless door code. Door code and arrival instructions are sent at 11:00 AM on arrival day. Check-out: 11:00 AM. Rental Agreement must be e-signed before your door code activates. Properties are typically booked back-to-back; early check-in and late check-out cannot be accommodated. No luggage drop-off. Exterior security cameras are in place for your safety. Locked owner/supply closets are off-limits. Quiet hours 10 PM – 7 AM (Nashville ordinance).

Guest access
Guests have full access to all 3 bedrooms, the full kitchen and living space. Parking: Free street parking on property. Not pet friendly. There is an on-site resident in the back house with a sweet dog named Winston — they do not enter the guest home. Locked owner/supply closets are off-limits. Exterior security cameras are in place for your safety.

Other things to note
This historic neighborhood wasn't always the go-to trendy destination, we enjoy today.  We have the early 2000s revitalization efforts of local folks, like this home's owner, to thank for that. A true labor of love by a native Nashvillian with family ties to the neighborhood spanning generations. This home was restored to its 19th-century beauty, through the preservation of its historic materials and features. Inviting rocking chairs on the bungalow front porch open to antique glass & iron accent fireplaces (non-working), high ceilings, artisan leaded glass, transom windows, and custom millwork; the architectural craftsmanship is truly a work of art - it's a vibe!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Music City Magnolia
Host User ID: 67994775
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/67994775
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! We’re, Music City Magnolia, Loni & Jenn: live music enthusiasts, foodies, nature lovers, and Your Local Guides to the Heart of Nashville. We’re more than just hosts; we’re your ticket to an authentic local experience. Our handpicked homes offer unexpected amenities, welcome gifts, and a dash of sweet magnolia style. Explore our city with insider tips and off-the-beaten-path recommendations, all delivered with true Rock-N-Rental hospitality!
My work: Music City Magnolia LLC
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
2442 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting