URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1379639001917250906
Latitude: 36.1359
Longitude: -86.757
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Cowboy Club – Your Nashville Getaway! 

Saddle up for an unforgettable stay at The Cowboy Club, a Western inspired retreat in one of Nashville’s hottest neighborhoods, Wedgewood-Houston! This 3-bedroom, 2-bath features a rooftop deck perfect for unwinding after a day of exploring Music City.

The space
Welcome to The Cowboy Club – Your Western-Inspired Nashville Getaway 

Why You’ll Love Your Stay:

✨ Prime Location – Located just 2 miles (under 10 minutes) from the heart of Broadway! Only 15 minutes to Nissan Stadium for concerts and Titans games, 15 minutes to BNA Airport, and just 1 mile from Geodis Park—perfect for catching a Nashville SC match or a major event. You’re right in the action without being in the chaos.

🍽️ Surrounded by Local Gems – You’ll be staying in a neighborhood known for its vibrant food scene, laid-back bars, and live music venues. Think local brews, hot chicken, craft cocktails, and authentic Nashville charm—all just a stroll away.

👯‍♀️ Perfect for Groups – Whether it’s a bachelorette party, a guys' weekend, or a family getaway, this home is designed with groups in mind. Spacious bedrooms, stylish communal spaces, and thoughtful touches make it easy to relax, connect, and celebrate.

🌃 Rooftop Vibes – Head up to the rooftop for sunset cocktails or late-night laughs under the stars. It’s a perfect hangout spot with plenty of room to unwind and take in the skyline glow.

📸 Western-Inspired, Socials-Worthy Design – Every corner of The Cowboy Club is thoughtfully styled with bold Western flair. From rustic accents to modern comfort, the space is truly one-of-a-kind and made for memory-making.

Sleeping Arrangements:
🛏️ Bedroom 1: Two Queen Beds
🛏️ Bedroom 2: One King Bed
🛏️ Bedroom 3: One Full (Double) Bed

🚗 Parking Details:
FREE Parking included! There’s a circular area at the end of the street with first-come, first-serve spaces. You can also park in any unmarked space in the main lot—plenty of room for multiple vehicles.

🎶 Come for the music, stay for the vibes. Book your unforgettable Nashville stay at The Cowboy Club today!

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting