Enjoy a relaxing and stylish stay at this centrally-located condo right by Belmont, Vanderbilt, Music Row, Hillsborough Village and so much more. 3 Bedrooms, 3 Beds  2  1/2 Bathrooms, FREE Parking, Washer/Dryer. Walk to restaurants, live music and shopping. Only 2 miles to Broadway bars! Completely renovated . High-speed WiFi, 2 King beds 1 queen bed in the bedrooms with TV's and a fully equipped Kitchen. 
Stay here for an incredible Nashville experience.

The space
HIGHLIGHTS:

★ Located in a great area of Nashville - by Vanderbilt University & Hospital, Belmont University, Hillsborough Village, Music Row
★ Walk to restaurants, shopping, live music
★ 2 miles to Broadway bars
★ 3 Beds 
★ 3 Bedrooms
★ 2 Full Size Bathrooms
★ Entire condo recently renovated 
★ FREE Parking in a parking  carport in the back of the townhouse
★ High-speed WiFi
★ HD TVs with all the apps you could want in the living room + all bedrooms
★ Washer and Dryer in the condo
★ Central AC + Heat
★ Keypad entry (no keys to worry about)
★ Fully equipped kitchen for all of your cooking needs
★ Drip + Keurig coffee machine
★ Private Patio with seating 
★ Quiet location yet convenient access to nightlife

The space is the perfect mix of style + comfort. All aspects of the home have been thoughtfully designed with ease + convenience in mind. High-quality mattresses + bedding, tasteful elements incorporated throughout, modern amenities and plenty of space. This condo will allow you to rest and relax after an adventurous day exploring Nashville. You can’t beat this location - walking distance to so many things!

BEDS:
Bedroom 1: King bed
Bedroom 2: King bed
Bedroom 3: Queen bed

BATHROOMS:
Bathroom 1: Full size, connected to Bedroom 1
Bathroom 2: Full size with shower connected to Bedroom 2
and 3 jack and jill style. 

Please note this home has 3 floors and there is no elevator available.
Guest access
No keys to worry about! Keypad entry.

Guest access
DOOR PASSCODE: 
Door Passcode/Lock: The passcode to the lock on the door will be set to a 6 Digit Code.  You'll be granted access at the time of your check-in 4PM CST and your access will expire at your time of check-out 10AM CST. (There is a Wifi Extender plugged in right as you walk in for the lock, DO NOT AT ANYTIME UNPLUG THIS for ANY REASON) 

Locking the Door: Touch the Lower bottom of the touchpad, this will activate the door to lock.