URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1465394818383122757
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Walk to Broadway from Mostly Professional, a stylish 1BR in The Burnham near Nashville dining, music, and nightlife.

Guest Favorite on Airbnb — loved for comfort, location, and experience.

Sleeps 6 with queen bed, pull-out sofa, and 2 rollaways.

Relax with Smart TV, vintage bar cart, and 1960s vinyl—never boring.

Kitchen, plush bath, gym w/ rock wall, outdoor pool (not heated), and easy self check-in.

FREE garage parking included. Second space $50/week.

The space
Mostly Professional — Walk to Broadway Luxury 1BR at The Burnham

Welcome to Mostly Professional, a stylish luxury 1-bedroom retreat in The Burnham Building, located just steps from Broadway and the heart of downtown Nashville. Whether you're visiting for a weekend getaway, girls’ or guys' trip, concert, or business travel, this thoughtfully designed space comfortably sleeps up to 6 guests while delivering a unique Nashville experience.

Perfect for:

• Business travelers
• Weekend getaways in downtown Nashville
• Honeymoon in the City
• Concert weekends at Bridgestone Arena
• Bachelor/Bachelorette groups

Discover hidden details throughout the space—including a curated vinyl collection and playful touches that make Mostly Professional a stay you won’t forget.

The Space

Step into a designer retreat that blends modern comfort with a playful, professional vibe. The warm mid-century inspired lounge invites you to unwind with a plush navy sofa, statement armchair, and vintage bar cart. Spin some 1960s vinyl on the record player or stream your favorites on the Smart TV.

At night, the living room easily converts into additional sleeping space with a pull-out sofa and two rollaway beds, allowing the home to accommodate up to six guests comfortably.

The striking 9-foot wood bar with leather stools serves as the heart of the space—perfect for cocktails, casual dining, vanity space with mirrors, or working remotely. The fully equipped galley kitchen features stainless steel appliances and premium cookware, making it easy to prepare a meal or mix your favorite drink before heading out to explore Music City.

Your serene bedroom features a queen bed with crisp linens and textured pillows, designed for deep rest after a night out downtown. The bright modern bathroom is stocked with plush towels and essentials to help you refresh and recharge.

Step outside to your private balcony to enjoy the city air overlooking the courtyard—perfect for morning coffee or an evening drink before heading out to Broadway.

Luxury with a sense of humor — mostly professional, never boring.

Guest Access

Guests enjoy seamless self check-in via the Latch app and full access to the building’s amenities:

• Expansive outdoor pool with cabanas (not heated)
• Full fitness center with rock-climbing wall
• Multiple stylish resident lounges
• Convenient luggage drop-off so you can explore Nashville before check-in

The Neighborhood

Located in the vibrant heart of downtown Nashville, you’re perfectly positioned to experience the city’s best attractions.

Walk to:
• Broadway honky-tonks
• Ryman Auditorium
• Bridgestone Arena
• Music City Center
• Top Nashville restaurants and nightlife

Everything that makes Music City legendary is just outside your door.

Getting Around

With such a central location, many of Nashville’s best attractions are walkable.

For guests traveling by car:

• 1 FREE parking space in the building garage is included
• Second garage space available for $50 per week

Parking in downtown Nashville is limited and pricey, so this is a major convenience for guests.

Important Information

Security cameras are located in the building’s common areas for guest safety.

Guest access
Guests have full private access to the entire unit during their stay, including the custom 9-foot bar for dining, vanity, or workspace, full kitchen with premium cookware, living area with vintage vinyl player, and private balcony.

You’ll also enjoy secure entry through the Latch app system, FREE parking in the attached garage, a second parking space is available for an additional $50/week, and access to building amenities such as the fitness center, lounge areas, and pool.

Our team is available throughout your stay should you need assistance — from local recommendations to ensuring everything feels just right.

Other things to note
The Mostly Professional is located in the heart of Downtown Nashville, just steps from the best of Music City. Walk to iconic spots like Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, Fifth + Broadway, and the Country Music Hall of Fame, or explore the local favorites that make Nashville shine — from cozy coffee shops and live music lounges to rooftop bars and stylish boutiques.

You’ll be surrounded by the perfect mix of city energy and Southern charm, making it easy to enjoy Nashville your way — whether you’re here to relax, explore, or create.

Registration Details
09310023500

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Michael
Host User ID: 707367003
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/707367003
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
Speaks English and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
1 year hosting
30 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting