URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1344217627976902383
Latitude: 36.14314569293197
Longitude: -86.76262631674794
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 7
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your perfect Nashville retreat. Located just 1 mile from downtown in a vibrant neighborhood, our new construction unit is ideal for friends and family gatherings. Enjoy private bedrooms, a spacious kitchen, stunning outdoor lounges, and natural light-filled spaces. With private parking and a short Uber ride to the city's best dining and attractions, you’ll experience the perfect mix of luxury, comfort, and convenience. Make unforgettable memories in Music City!

The space
★ Sleeping Arrangements ★

Private Bedrooms: Each features a private bathroom and premium bedding for ultimate comfort and privacy.  
 ♛ Bedroom 1: 2 Full Beds with ensuite bath.  
 ♛ Bedroom 2: 1 King Bed with large ensuite bath and Smart TV.  

Additional Sleeping Spaces:  
 ♛ Living Room: Queen Sofa bed on the main floor.  
 ♛ Loft: Queen Sofa bed.  
 ♛ Extras: 2 rollout beds and an air mattress (found in closets).  

Total: 2 bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms, 1 half bathroom, and 7 beds plus air mattress.

★ Entertainment ★
- Relax with access to Netflix, Disney+, Amazon Prime, Hulu, YouTube, and more. Perfect for TV shows, sports, and gaming.  

★ Views & Outdoor Spaces ★
- Enjoy morning coffee or evening cocktails in the outdoor lounge spaces, including a patio and balcony.  

★ Living Spaces ★
- Spacious, open floor plan filled with natural light.  
- Modern, stylish furnishings designed for socializing, relaxing, and creating unforgettable memories.  

★ Kitchen & Dining ★
- Fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances, cookware, Keurig coffee maker, toaster, wine glasses, and dinnerware.  
- Ample counter space and essentials for preparing group meals.  

★ Additional Features ★
- Reserved parking for 2 cars ensures convenience.  
- High-speed Wi-Fi and in-unit laundry for a hassle-free stay.  

★ Neighborhood & Attractions ★
- Just 1 mile from Downtown Nashville and Broadway.  
- Near trendy boutiques, coffee shops, bars, and the city’s best dining spots.  
- Minutes from iconic attractions like Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, the Country Music Hall of Fame, The Gulch, and 12 South.  
- Enjoy affordable Uber/Lyft rides to downtown and other attractions for less than $10.  

Your perfect Nashville getaway awaits—modern comforts, iconic experiences, and an unbeatable location!

Guest access
Enjoy complete access to the entire house, including private bedrooms, a spacious kitchen, and stunning outdoor lounges. Every detail is thoughtfully designed to provide privacy and comfort, ensuring your group feels right at home.

Access is keyless for your convenience, with a unique code provided 24 hours before check-in. Relax and settle in with ease!

Other things to note
★★★★ GREAT FOR LARGE GROUPS ★★★★

We own more units in the complex with the capability of holding up to 50 guests. We have accommodation that can fit any group size, so please inquire and we will find the best option for you!
Book now to enjoy the perfect balance of vibrant city living and luxurious comfort in Nashville!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Shac
Host User ID: 12153920
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/12153920
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
In the past 10 years, I've specialized in hosting large groups for friend gatherings, family reunions, corporate retreats, and weddings. We carefully select and design our properties with guest comfort in mind, featuring private open spaces, spacious bedrooms with comfortable beds, and easy access to Nashville’s vibrant scene. As locals, we’re available to answer any questions or make recommendations during your stay!
My work: Hospitality hosting!
Favorite song in high school: Don’t Stop Believin’ by Journey!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
615 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting