URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1324790704361362314
Latitude: 36.1333
Longitude: -86.8046
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stylish 4BR/3.5BA townhome just steps from Vanderbilt and a short ride to Broadway! Enjoy a rooftop deck with city views, cozy living room, fully stocked kitchen, and private garage. Sleeps 10+ with comfortable beds, daybed with trundle, and crib. Perfect for families or groups looking for a safe, modern space in the heart of Nashville. Walk to top attractions and unwind in style—your ideal getaway starts here! Find yourself in the center of Nashville with endless options available near you!

The space
THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR:

✓ Vanderbilt patients, families, long stays 
✓ Family Getaways – Spacious, safe, and fully equipped for all ages.
✓ Bachelorette & Bachelor Groups – Trendy décor, Social Media-worthy vibes, and close to downtown nightlife.
✓ Concert & Event Travelers – Just minutes from Nissan Stadium, Broadway, and Music Row.
✓ Corporate & Business Stays – Fast WiFi and a dedicated workspace for remote productivity.
✓ Friend Reunions – Rooftop entertainment space and flexible sleeping arrangements.
✓ And More! – A versatile, hip-hop-inspired home perfect for any unforgettable stay.

LAYOUT:
- 1st Floor: Entry, 1 car garage, a bedroom w/ Queen bed, attached full bathroom.
-2nd Floor: Living room w/ pull-out couch, kitchen, half bath, and balcony.
-3rd Floor: Bedroom w/ Queen bed, full bathroom, primary bedroom with King bed and crib attached full bathroom, and laundry room.
-4th Floor: Bedroom w/ two double beds and a trundle which includes two single beds, and rooftop deck.

WALKABLE EATS:
Pancake Pantry, Fido, Biscuit Love, The Grilled Cheeserie, Taco Mama, Jenni's Ice Cream, Barista Parlor, Central BBQ, Chicken Coop, Double Dogs, E3 Chophouse, Greenery Co., Pizza Perfect

WALKABLE SHOPS:
Hester & Cook, A Village of Flowers, Impeccable Pig, Molly Green, Nash Collection, Peacock Jewelers, Posh, Rebecca James Clothing, Romantic Creations Bridal, SEE, The Spice & Tea Exchange, Tribe Kelley, UAL, and Wilder

BROADWAY:
Just a short 10-minute drive from our location, you'll find yourself in the heart of Nashville's famous Broadway Street! Bursting with energy, Broadway is home to the city's iconic Honky Tonk bars, making it Nashville's main attraction. As you wander through the lively street, you'll also find some of the city's most celebrated venues, including Bridgestone Arena, The Ryman Auditorium, Music City Center, and Titans Stadium. Whether you're catching a live show, exploring local shops, or grabbing a bite to eat, there’s no shortage of excitement. Plus, it’s all conveniently just a quick Uber ride away!

Property Permit Number: #2022001815

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire house, but one supply closet and two closets in the garage.

Home is equipped with two Yale smart locks. Guests will receive access code prior to stay. Access begins at 4pm day of check-in and access will expire 10am day of check-out unless arranged otherwise prior to stay.

Other things to note
FREE PARKING:
One car garage and one space in front of garage. Additional first come first serve parking (6 spaces) for the complex.

NO NASHVILLE OR LOCAL GUESTS: 
We do not allow locals on our property under any circumstances. We have a policy of not renting our home to individuals residing in Nashville or surrounding Metro area. We reserve the right to cancel any reservation made by a local resident without issuing a refund. If you are a local resident, please refrain from booking our home. Thank you!

CHILDREN DISCLOSURE:
We're delighted to welcome families with children to our home! However, it's crucial to mention that our home is not childproofed. With amenities like numerous stairs (4 story home), rooftop deck featuring a high ledge, additional balcony etc - we want to be up front and ensure a safe and enjoyable stay for everyone. For the safety of our youngest guests, we kindly request that children be supervised by an adult at all times.

12 GUEST/VISITOR MAXIMUM:
A maximum of 12 guests and visitors are allowed. Please state on your reservation the total number of guests (including any visitors, even if not staying the night). All guests and visitors must be pre-approved up front. No locals are allowed on our property.

4 STORY HOME W/ STAIRS:
Our home boasts four stories, a common architectural feature in many Nashville residences, contributing to breathtaking skyline views. To fully enjoy the charm of our space, please be aware that stairs are an integral part of your stay that each guests must use. The incredible view will make you forget about all the stairs. Please note bedroom #4 is located on a separate floor from a bathroom. Guests staying in this room will need to use a bathroom on a different level of the home. This set up is common in multilevel homes and may be ideal for those who don't mind a short walk to the bathroom.

NO SMOKING INSIDE:
To ensure a comfortable and healthy environment for all guests, smoking & vaping is strictly prohibited inside the property. This includes all indoor areas and on the rooftop deck. If you wish to smoke or vape, please do so outside in the backyard and dispose of cigarette butts responsibly. Violation of this policy may result in additional cleaning fees. Thank you for your understanding!

POTENTIAL NOISE:
Nashville is renowned for its vibrant atmosphere, particularly in the heart of the city. While our property offers a tranquil retreat, please be aware that you may experience occasional noise during your stay, such as from nearby construction, traffic, other neighboring Airbnb guests, and more. These factors are beyond our control. While we anticipate minimal disruption for most guests, it's important to note if you are unaccustomed to urban environments.

DOGS:
We happily welcome 1-2 well-behaved, house-trained adult dogs to stay in our home. We ask that all dogs be crated when left alone in our home, so please bring a crate with you. To ensure a smooth process, all dogs must be discussed and pre-approved by host within 24 hours of booking. Please be sure to add them to your reservation. $100 flat pet fee applies for up to two dogs. We regret to inform you that dogs under 1 year old, cats, or other animals are not allowed. Be please respectful and clean up after your dog(s) in our yard to avoid a fine. Any damage from pet will guests responsibility as an inspection will occur at check-out.

A lot of time, care, and money has been put into this home that we LOVE. We only want to have the best guests who will respect our property and neighbors. If you've made it this far on the listing and have questions, please ask us! Thank you, Stay Nashville

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dylan
Host User ID: 667320951
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/667320951
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lead Property Manager for Stay Nashville, LLC. 

A bit about me, I’m married to my beautiful wife Rylee and we have a daughter named Mabel. I’m passionate about my church, Holy Saints, CrossFit, and enjoying life to the fullest. I love to read, explore new ideas, and explore new places, especially when it means being outdoors. My faith is my foundation, and I strive to live for the Lord daily. Life’s a thrilling ride, and I’m here to embrace it all with gratitude!.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Lipscomb University
2 years hosting