URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1771167575541569639
Latitude: 36.1531
Longitude: -86.8238
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The whole group will enjoy easy access to everything from this centrally located place.

The space
Welcome to your Music City getaway—an upscale Nashville retreat designed for unforgettable group trips. Located just 2 miles from Broadway, this spacious home offers breathtaking skyline views, 4 official bedrooms plus a bonus 5th sleeping room, 4.5 bathrooms, and 11 beds, making it the perfect destination for families, bachelor and bachelorette parties, friends, and business travelers.

Wake up to views of the Nashville skyline before spending the day exploring Broadway’s legendary honky-tonks, the Gulch, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, Germantown, and countless restaurants, breweries, and live music venues. When you’re ready to relax, come home to a spacious retreat built for gathering, entertaining, and making memories.

The Space

✔ 4 Bedrooms + Bonus 5th Sleeping Room
✔ 4.5 Bathrooms
✔ 11 Comfortable Beds
✔ Incredible Nashville Skyline Views
✔ Fully Equipped Kitchen
✔ Spacious Open-Concept Living Area
✔ Fast Wi-Fi
✔ Smart TVs Throughout
✔ Washer & Dryer
✔ Free Parking

The open-concept main level is perfect for your entire group to gather together. The fully stocked kitchen makes preparing meals easy, while the large dining and living areas provide plenty of room to relax after a day exploring Music City.

Each bedroom has been thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, giving everyone a private place to unwind. The bonus fifth sleeping room provides additional flexibility for larger groups.

Location

You’ll be close to many of Nashville’s most popular attractions:

• Broadway – 2 miles
• The Gulch – Minutes away
• Bridgestone Arena
• Nissan Stadium
• Music Row
• Germantown
• East Nashville
• Vanderbilt University
• Top restaurants, coffee shops, breweries, and live music

Whether you’re here for a concert, Titans game, wedding, birthday celebration, family vacation, or weekend getaway, you’ll be right in the heart of everything Nashville has to offer.

Why Guests Love Staying Here

• Spacious layout perfect for large groups
• Stunning skyline views day and night
• Plenty of sleeping space with 11 beds
• Modern finishes and stylish décor
• Convenient location close to downtown without being in the middle of the crowds
• Great for bachelor & bachelorette parties, family gatherings, corporate retreats, and group vacations

Book your stay today and experience Nashville from a beautiful home that combines luxury, comfort, and an unbeatable location just minutes from Broadway. We can’t wait to host you!

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime!  Happy to help!

Guest access
Entire home

Other things to note
Two car garage

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting