URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1614031867335321525
Latitude: 36.2087
Longitude: -86.7854
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Nashville group getaway! This 4BR/4.5BA home is designed for memorable stays. Unwind in the private rooftop hot tub at the Nightcap Rooftop Lounge, enjoy a separate hangout space, and gather around the indoor bar. The fully equipped kitchen is perfect for shared meals, while the community pool and fire pit add even more ways to relax. Located just minutes from the best dining, nightlife, and entertainment in Music City — comfort, style, and fun all in one place.

The space
Welcome to your elevated Nashville group getaway — where luxury meets nightlife energy.

This designer 4 bedroom, 4.5 bath home inside a private gated community was intentionally built for groups who want to experience Music City together without sacrificing comfort, privacy, or style.

Start your mornings with coffee on the rooftop and end your nights soaking under the lights of the city in your private rooftop hot tub at the Nightcap Lounge — your own sky-level hangout space made for conversations, laughs, and late-night recaps after Broadway.

Inside, the home blends upscale finishes with social spaces:
• Open-concept living & dining made for gathering
• Fully stocked chef’s kitchen for hosting meals or brunch prep
• Dedicated indoor bar area for cocktails before heading out
• Multiple hangout zones so groups never feel crowded

Step outside and enjoy resort-style community amenities including a pool and fire pit lounge — perfect for recovery days between nights out.

Located just minutes from Broadway, you’ll be close to the action while still able to retreat to a quiet, secure neighborhood when the night ends.

⸻

Sleeping Arrangements 

Bedroom 1: 2 Queen Beds
Bedroom 2: 2 Queen Beds
Bedroom 3: 4 Queen Beds (ultimate group suite)
Bedroom 4: 1 King Bed (primary retreat)

Each bedroom has direct bathroom access or nearby private bath, allowing groups to get ready at the same time — a must for Nashville trips.

⸻

What Guests Love Most

• Private rooftop hot tub + Nightcap lounge
• Indoor cocktail bar area
• Community resort pool & fire pit
• Gated neighborhood (safe + quiet at night)
• Designed specifically for groups
• Minutes to Broadway, bars & restaurants
• Luxury finishes throughout

⸻

Perfect For

Bachelorette & bachelor trips
Friends & reunion travel
Concert weekends
Celebration trips
Large families visiting Nashville

⸻

**Please Note: This beautiful home is part of a brand-new community that's still being completed. You'll be among the first to enjoy the Horizon pool, colorful mural, and the vibrant energy of the neighborhood. As some construction may still be in progress, we kindly ask for your patience with the possibility of light noise during your stay. Thank you for being part of this exciting new chapter!

Location

You’re just a quick ride from Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, and the best restaurants in the city — close enough to join the party, far enough to sleep after it.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Hope you enjoy your stay in Nashville!

Guest access
Guests enjoy exclusive access to the entire home, including:

Private rooftop hot tub & Nightcap Lounge

Indoor bar area

All bedrooms and bathrooms

Community pool & fire pit

Prior to arrival, guests complete a quick verification process via Happy Guest.

Happy Guest is secure, app-free, and includes a guest portal with home details and curated local recommendations.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting