URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1221740540913597452
Latitude: 36.1693
Longitude: -86.7987
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Modern Music City Basecamp! 🎸

Experience Nashville from this stylish 2BR Condo just 5 minutes from Broadway! 🌆 Featuring a King Bed, a private balcony, and Free Parking 🚗, this retreat is built for small groups of 6. Enjoy high-speed WiFi, a fully equipped kitchen, and easy self-check-in. Perfectly located for exploring Honky Tonks, Nissan Stadium, and the Ryman! Service animals welcome. Safe, spacious, and ready for your adventure! 🤠✨

STRP #2021042477

The space
Welcome to your Nashville City Retreat! 🎻

Elevate your Music City trip in this thoughtfully designed, modern 2-bedroom condo. Located just a short 5-minute drive from the neon lights of Broadway, this home offers the perfect balance of proximity to the action and a quiet, comfortable space to recharge. With a layout optimized for small groups and couples, every inch of this space is dedicated to a seamless guest experience.

💎 The Condo Advantage:

The King Bed Upgrade: No need to compromise on sleep. Our primary bedroom features a plush King Bed, a high-value amenity that sets us apart from standard 2BR rentals.

Private Outdoor Space: Step out onto your private balcony for a breath of fresh air. It's the ideal spot for your morning coffee or a quiet nightcap after a day of exploring.

Hassle-Free Parking: Parking in Nashville can be expensive and difficult. We offer Free On-Site Parking, saving you money and stress.

🏡 Inside the Home:

Open Concept Flow: The bright and airy living area flows into the kitchen, creating a social hub where you can stream movies or recap the day's events.

Fully Stocked Kitchen: Whether you're making a full brunch or just need that first cup of coffee, our kitchen is equipped with everything you need, including a starter set of K-cups and grounds.

Group Ready: In addition to the King and Queen beds, we provide a Queen-size Air Mattress to comfortably accommodate up to 6 guests.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Coordinating a small group? We make your arrival safe and stress-free.

Digital Passcode Access: No physical keys to lose or share. You will receive a unique, secure code generated specifically for your stay.

Contactless Arrival: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—perfect for late flights or staggered arrivals.

Secure Location: Enjoy the peace of mind that comes with a professionally managed condo in a quiet residential area.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 6):

Bedroom 1: Plush King Bed 👑

Bedroom 2: Comfortable Queen Bed 🛌

Extras: Queen-size Air Mattress with pump provided.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

Broadway (5 min drive): The world-famous home of Tootsie’s and Honky Tonk Central. 👢

Nissan Stadium (7 min drive): Catch a Titans game or a stadium concert with ease.

The Ryman (6 min drive): Visit the "Mother Church of Country Music" for a show or tour.

Eats (Nearby): Explore the local food scene just outside of downtown for a more authentic Nashville experience.

Local Tip: Use the free on-site parking and take a quick Uber/Lyft to Broadway—it's often cheaper than paying for downtown parking!

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a pet-free environment. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Guest access
We have a keyless locking system. You will gain access to the home via a house code that we create specifically for you. That code will be sent to you with your check in instructions a few weeks prior to your arrival and you may share that code with your group if you wish. YOU WON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT SHARING OR LOSING A KEY! :)

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
I spend too much time: Watching sports
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4539 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting