URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1599371471122124865
Latitude: 36.15571
Longitude: -86.8208
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 24
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Outlaw Heights — two West Nashville homes under one address, with garages facing each other and rooftops in clear view. 31 beds, two private rooftops with skyline views, and two game rooms with pool tables make it a solid fit for bachelor and bachelorette weekends, family reunions, and big group trips.

The space
Outlaw Heights is two homes in West Nashville sitting right across from each other — garages less than 20 feet apart and rooftops in plain view of one another. The setup gives big groups room to spread out without losing the shared weekend feel. It works for wedding parties, family reunions, birthday trips, corporate getaways, or any group that needs more space than a single rental offers.

Both sides feature modern decor, open layouts, and plenty of room to spread out. Each home has a comfortable living area that connects to a fully equipped kitchen — a natural hangout spot for group meals, movie nights, or pregaming before heading out.

Each home has its own game room with a pool table — two pool tables across the property means tournaments, side games, or each crew claiming their own turf.

Each side opens to its own private rooftop with lounge seating and skyline views — and you can see the other rooftop from yours. A great spot for sunsets, group photos, or shouting across to the other side.

Sleeping: 31 Beds / 7.5 Bathrooms

Unit A

Bedroom 1 — 6 full bed

Bedroom 2 — 1 king

Bedroom 3 — 6 full beds

Bedroom 4 — 1 king

Garage — 1 full bed

Living room — 2 full beds

Unit B

Bedroom 1 — 2 full

Bedroom 2 — 1 queen

Bedroom 3 — 6 single

Bedroom 4 — 1 queen, 2 twin

Living room — 2 full

One side can be booked on its own for smaller groups, or both sides together for the full setup.

Guest access
Guests have full private access to the entire home, all floors, the game room and the private rooftop deck. 

Free on-site parking is included. 

Self check-in via smart lock means you arrive on your schedule — no meet-and-greet required. Luggage drop and Early Check In is welcome for early arrivals and late departures (just message us to coordinate)

Other things to note
Neighborhood

You're staying in West Nashville — one of the city's fastest-growing neighborhoods and home to The Nations, an area packed with breweries, restaurants, and local spots. 

It's the sweet spot: close enough to be downtown in 10 minutes, far enough that you can actually sleep.

The neighborhood has a casual, lived-in feel with newer builds, walkable blocks, and easy access to the rest of the city.

Nearby hotspots include:

- Charlotte Ave dining and breweries — under 1 mile
- Centennial Park and the Parthenon — about 1 mile
- Vanderbilt University — about 1.5 miles
- Marathon Village — about 1.5 miles
- The Gulch (rooftop bars, shopping, dining) — about 2 miles
- Music Row — about 2 miles
- Lower Broadway and the Honky-Tonk Highway — about 2.5 miles
- Bridgestone Arena and the Ryman — about 2.5 miles

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: WildCrown Properties
Host User ID: 353109186
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/353109186
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi I’m Daniel, I love to travel and stay in the most amazing spaces! With God’s blessings, and hard work, I have been able to purchase some of the most amazing places, and honored to share them with you! It is my life’s dream that I’m able to share my amazing homes for everyone to enjoy. I hope and pray that you find we take a personal and  true “love” for our properties.
My work: Property Management
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
1253 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting