URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1774700014631584740
Latitude: 36.1425
Longitude: -86.76247
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 9
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Some trips are too big for one house that's why Hart Suites #5 and #6 sit side by side, just 10 minutes from Broadway, Belmont University, and Vanderbilt University. Book them together and let your group spread out: one home sleeps 10, the other sleeps 8, so family, friends, and everyone in between land under the same roofline without anyone squeezing onto an air mattress. It's the easy way to bring a big Nashville trip together. No hotel block, no splitting up - just one big weekend.

The space
Hart Suites #5 and #6 sit just steps apart on Hart Street, about 10 minutes from the neon glow of Broadway and a short hop from both Belmont University and Vanderbilt University — close enough for a night out downtown, quiet enough to actually sleep afterward. Book both units together and your group takes over two complete townhomes, comfortably sleeping 18 guests across a 10-person home and an 8-person home, so families and friend groups of different sizes can travel together without anyone squeezing in.

Each townhome has its own full kitchen — refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, and all the cookware and dishes you need to actually cook a meal together instead of ordering in every night. Fast Wi-Fi and a Smart TV are ready in both units for movie nights or catching up on work, and each home has its own in-unit washer and dryer, so packing light is actually an option. And because parking downtown can be its own headache, free on-site parking at both units means everyone can just pull in and leave the car alone for the rest of the trip.

SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS
Together, the two townhomes offer 6 bedrooms and 9 beds, comfortably sleeping up to 18 guests. Hart Suites #5 (sleeps 10) has Bedroom 1 with a king bed, Bedroom 2 with two queen beds, and Bedroom 3 with a bunk bed, plus a couch in the living room. Hart Suites #6 (sleeps 8) has Bedroom 1 with a queen bed, Bedroom 2 with a king bed, and Bedroom 3 with two queen beds, plus a couch in its living room. Each unit has 2.5 bathrooms, for 5 bathrooms combined.

This pairing is especially easy on families — Unit #6 comes stocked with children's books and toys, so the youngest guests have something to do while the adults settle in. Add in the little local touches throughout both homes — Nashville-inspired décor, a record player, a guitar — and it starts to feel less like a rental and more like a home base for the whole group.

Guest access
GUEST ACCESS: You'll have BOTH ENTIRE townhomes to yourselves  all 6 bedrooms, 5 bathrooms, two full kitchens, two living spaces, and in-unit laundry in each home. No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group across both units.

SELF CHECK-IN: Self check-in for both homes your digital door codes are sent by text/email 3 hours before check-in, just enter them on each unit's smart lock keypad. A backup lockbox with a spare key is also on-site at each home for emergencies. Message us anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking on-site at both units (first-come, first-served) plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee maker — everything in both homes is yours to use from check-in to checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just a message away — we typically respond within the hour if you need anything during your stay.

Other things to note
CHECK-IN/CHECKOUT: Check-in is after 4:00 PM, checkout is by 11:00 AM.

MAX GUESTS: Up to 18 total across both homes.

PETS: Not allowed in either home.

PHOTOS: You'll see photos from both Unit #5 and Unit #6 throughout the gallery the two homes are so similar in style that it almost feels like one address with two front doors.

SECURITY: Each entrance has an exterior camera aimed only at the doorway, never indoors.

CANCELLATION: Plans change  check our cancellation policy before booking.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting