URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1082714443371015653
Latitude: 36.195
Longitude: -86.7766
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Cityscape Sanctuary - Your Ultimate Nashville Experience!

The space
🏡 It’s time to rally your crew because Cityscape Sanctuary, our 4-bedroom urban haven in the heart of Music City, awaits your arrival. With modern décor that oozes sophistication and a rooftop hot tub boasting massive cityscape views, this is the ultimate retreat for your large group escapade. Spread across 2300 square feet, Cityscape Sanctuary is the perfect destination for celebration travel, family gatherings, or a memorable getaway with friends.

❓ Why Us?
If a boutique hotel and the home of your dreams made a lovechild, that’d be us. We’re Stay Minty; committed to providing an exceptional stay that combines the comforts of home with the allure of a chic urban retreat. Welcome to the party!

👯‍♀️ Stay Together
Cityscape Sanctuary offers a spacious floor plan, fully equipped kitchen, four bedrooms, 3.5 baths, and a massive rooftop deck providing ample room for your group of 12. Whether you're celebrating a special occasion, planning a family reunion, or embarking on a group adventure, Cityscape Sanctuary is designed to cater to the needs of large groups, ensuring everyone enjoys a memorable and luxurious stay.

🧼 Stay Fresh
Professionally cleaned and prepared for perfection before your arrival, Cityscape Sanctuary invites you to indulge in comfort. Plush towels and cozy bedding ensure you wake up refreshed and ready for urban exploration.

🎨 Stay Current
Immerse yourself in the modern aesthetic of Cityscape Sanctuary. The professionally designed interior is not just stylish; it's an experience tailored with your group in mind. Cityscape Sanctuary is situated in the heart of Nashville, providing easy access to the city's renowned music scene, iconic landmarks, and vibrant nightlife.

🌆 Stay Wild
Sip cocktails with city vibes, relax in the rooftop hot tub, and explore all that the urban landscape of Nashville has to offer. Conveniently located between the best attractions, music venues, and nightlife, Cityscape Sanctuary is your launchpad for Music City’s adventures.

🛌 Bedrooms
Cityscape Sanctuary boasts four thoughtfully appointed bedrooms, providing plush accommodations for a restful night's sleep after exploring all that Nashville has to offer. Each room exudes a unique charm, offering a blend of style and comfort for a rejuvenating stay.

SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS:
• Bedroom 1 ……….. 2 queen beds with ensuite bathroom (2 total beds)
• Bedroom 2 ……….. 2 Full Queen Over Queen Bunk Beds with shared bath (4 total beds)
• Bedroom 3 ……….. 1 Full Queen Over Queen Bunk Bed with shared bath (2 total beds)
• Bedroom 4 ……….. 1 King Bed with ensuite bathroom (1 bed)

🚿 Bathrooms
Indulge in relaxation with our 3.5 elegantly designed bathrooms, featuring modern amenities and luxurious touches. Whether you're preparing for a night out or unwinding after a day of exploring, our bathrooms offer a spa-like experience.

✨ Impressive Features
• Expansive living area, large TV with plenty of seating
• Fully stocked kitchen with coffee
• Massive rooftop deck with city views, hot tub, fire pit – the perfect entertainment spot
• Sleeps 12 comfortably
• Prime urban location in East Nashville
• Supply Starter Kit included

📍 Location, Location, Location!
Cityscape Sanctuary boasts a location that is second to none. Explore the vibrant city life, immerse yourself in the local culture, and discover the best attractions, parks, and nightlife, all within easy reach. Your urban adventure begins here!

🧴 Every Home, Every Time
In a Stay Minty home, you’ll always find our bathrooms stocked with everything you need to get squeaky clean including shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. Our kitchens have all the essentials needed to prepare your favorite meal. Get your caffeine fix each morning with Keurig coffee pods included with every stay. We’ve even got your TV entertainment covered with hundreds of streaming options to choose from. Stay Minty homes are immaculate and well-maintained by professionals who clean between every guest using the highest standards in the industry.

📦 Supply Starter Kit
No one wants to have to worry about getting to the store after traveling all day! That’s why we provide a supply starter kit – to get you through the first day or two of your stay.
The kit includes a roll of paper towels, dish sponge, two dishwasher pods, five trash bags, dishwashing liquid, all-purpose cleaner, a small selection of coffee pods, hand soap, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and two rolls of toilet paper in each bathroom.

💌 ★Our Promise★
At Stay Minty, we’re a dedicated and small (yet mighty) team on a mission to bring more passion and joy into the world through shared experiences. And great news for you, we both have the same goal: for your stay to be nothing short of perfect. With that said, sometimes the unexpected happens. Our homes are houses, no different than yours. Maybe ours are a little cooler, but that’s why you’re here. If anything comes up, we promise to spring into action faster than Taylor Swift after a break-up and do everything we can to resolve it… and then maybe write a hit album about it. I mean, we are from “Music City, USA.”

📞 If you have any issues or are unhappy with your stay, be sure to call, text, or email us like a good friend so we can get your stay back to minty fresh.

🎉 We look forward to you booking our home and hosting your stay!!

xoxo,
Stay Minty!

***There is an elevator that is not functioning.  We are not advertising this home with an elevator.

Note: For safety and security, our property is equipped with exterior-only cameras located at the front entrance and driveway. These devices monitor the property perimeter and do not record any interior areas. There are no cameras inside the home.

Other things to note
MINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENTS:
The primary renter must be at least 25 years old. Exceptions are made on a case-by-case basis. Contact us for details prior to booking.

**Guests aged 21 - 24 are eligible to book if these guests pay a $750 refundable deposit or provide proof of damage insurance. 
**We do not accept bookings from guests within a 50-mile radius.

OPTIONAL FEES:
The following fees are paid in addition to and after the reservation is paid for.

- $249 / pet, pet fee (only valid on properties that allow pets. Pets cannot be left unattended which applies to ADA and service animals as well)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Stay Minty
Host User ID: 385395880
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/385395880
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
6 years hosting
317 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting