URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/947873234862420556
Latitude: 36.1934
Longitude: -86.7782
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Rooftop skyline views, a private hot tub, and modern comfort await at The Wildflower. This stylish 4-bedroom, 4-bath Nashville retreat is perfect for group getaways, family vacations, and extended stays. Enjoy a fully stocked kitchen, Smart TVs in every room, and a spacious rooftop patio just minutes from Broadway, top attractions, and the best of Music City. 🌆

The space
Things You'll Love: 
◆ Newly redesigned end of December 2025
◆ Bonus room with pool table and shuffleboard
◆ Located in the Cumberland Heights neighborhood, minutes from Broadway.
◆ The rooftop offers stunning skyline views, a hot tub (comfortably seats 4 guests), firepit, and lounge seating.
◆ Each bedroom features a private ensuite bathroom + smart TV
◆ Modern, fully equipped kitchen 
◆ High speed Wi-Fi 
◆ Smart TVs throughout – easily connect to all your favorite streaming apps!
◆ Chic décor thoughtfully curated by a talented local interior designer
◆ Dog Friendly - $150 pet fee per stay for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions 

Important to Note:
The home is located close to the highway, so noise is audible from the rooftop and you may occasionally hear passing trucks from inside. We want to make sure you're aware before booking.

Sleeping Arrangements:
First Floor
◆ Bedroom 1 - Queen Bed + Ensuite Bathroom

Second Floor
◆ Bedroom 2 - Two Full Beds + Ensuite Bathroom
◆ Living Area - Full sized sofa bed and Queen Size Air-Mattress

Third Floor
◆ Bedroom 3: King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom
◆ Bedroom 4: King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The Wildflower for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Important Information:
◆ Proximity to Highway: While the unit is close to the highway, you won't hear much traffic noise indoors. However, you may notice it while using the rooftop space.
◆ No Garage Parking: The garage has been converted into a game room and is not available for vehicle parking. Vehicles may not be parked inside the garage. Guests will be responsible for any damages resulting from unauthorized use. Street parking is available directly in front of the home.
◆ Stairs Required: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

Hot Tub:
The hot tub comfortably seats 4 guests and is professionally cleaned with fresh water prior to each arrival.
During colder temperatures, when the water has been replaced, it may take up to 24 hours from check-in for the hot tub to fully heat while covered and retaining warmth. Please note that in cold weather, the hot tub may have difficulty maintaining temperatures above 95°F.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Favorite song in high school: Baby Blue, George Strait
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5415 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting