URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/631822361879265540
Latitude: 36.20615
Longitude: -86.71499
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 3
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Unwind at this charming East Nashville studio loft, transformed in 2022 with modern finishes and brand-new appliances. Located in a safe, quiet neighborhood, it’s a short walk to Riverside Village’s coffee shops and restaurants and Riverwood Mansion, a popular wedding venue.

A quick drive brings you to 5 Points, downtown Nashville, or Opryland for dining, shopping, and live music. Perfect for couples, solo travelers, or wedding guests, this tranquil retreat is your ideal Nashville getaway

The space
Relax and recharge in this unique East Nashville studio loft, a tranquil retreat thoughtfully designed for your comfort. Once a garage, this space was fully renovated in 2022 with brand-new floors, appliances, and stylish finishes.

What You’ll Love:
	•	Located in a quiet and safe East Nashville neighborhood, perfect for a peaceful getaway.
	•	Just a short walk to Riverside Village, home to cozy coffee shops, tasty restaurants, and unique boutiques.
	•	Walking distance to Riverwood Mansion, a popular wedding venue.
	•	Central location:
	•	15 min to BNA Airport
	•	15 min to Downtown Nashville/Bridgestone Arena
	•	10 min to Opryland
	•	10 min to 5 Points/Nissan Stadium

Studio Features:
	•	Sleeping Arrangements: A comfy memory foam queen bed in a lofted area (accessed via modular stairs) and a pull-out twin sofa bed for extra guests.
	•	Kitchenette: Equipped for light cooking with a full-sized fridge, microwave, air fryer, toaster, hot plate, and a Keurig stocked with coffee/tea.
	•	Bathroom: Full bathroom with a standing shower, vanity, and essentials like soap, shampoo, towels, and linens provided.
	•	Entertainment & Connectivity: Enjoy free high-speed WiFi and a Smart TV with Netflix, Hulu, Disney+, and ESPN.

Additional Notes:
	•	The lofted sleeping area features lower ceilings and is accessible via modular stairs, which may not be ideal for individuals who have difficulty bending or climbing.
	•	This studio shares one wall with the main house, where the owner and a dog reside. While the space is private, guests may occasionally hear household sounds, including intermittent dog barking. A white noise machine is provided for added comfort. The studio is fully private with no shared interior spaces. The interior connecting door is locked at all times and is never used during guest stays.
	•	Family-Friendly: The space is cozy and functional for small families, but children should be supervised when using the modular stairs.

Whether you’re visiting for a wedding, exploring the vibrant Nashville scene, or simply looking for a peaceful getaway, this studio is your perfect home base!

Permit #2022080268
Book now and experience the charm of East Nashville!

Guest access
Guests will have exclusive access to the studio, which includes a private bathroom and a fully equipped kitchenette. The studio features its own private exterior entrance, conveniently located via the driveway at the back of the house, and there are no shared spaces during your stay, ensuring privacy throughout.

Other things to note
In accordance with Nashville City Code, we cannot accommodate recreational vehicles, buses, or trailers. Additionally, the primary renter of the studio must be at least 21 years old.

Please note: We have a strict no-pet policy to ensure the comfort of future guests who may have pet allergies. Guests who violate this policy will incur a $100 fee per pet. This policy does not apply to service animals, which are always welcome. Thank you for understanding!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jackie
Host User ID: 132782019
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/132782019
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I grew up in Washington, DC and have been happy to call Nashville home since 2019. I’ve really enjoyed living in Music City and getting to know the local community, artists, and neighborhoods that make it such a special and unique place. I work as a scientist in cancer research, and when I’m not in the lab, you’ll usually find me outside exploring the area with my dog, Mac. 
I enjoy hosting and want guests to feel relaxed and feel at home during their stay.
My work: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
208 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting