URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1391419521969374898
Latitude: 36.2314
Longitude: -86.7246
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Gallatin Retreat your stylish East Nashville getaway where comfort meets convenience. Sip your morning coffee on the balcony or catch golden hour views from the rooftop patio while enjoying the fire pit or game room with friends. Inside, swap stories in elegant living spaces, whip up favorites in the kitchen, and drift off in three dreamy bedrooms. Within easy reach, enjoy festive lights, seasonal events, holiday markets, live music at the Grand Ole Opry, and explore the local shops and dining.

The space
⭐ Amenities:
- 5-minute drive to Music Valley — effortless access to upscale shopping, dining, and entertainment near the iconic Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center and Grand Ole Opry
- A quick 13-minute ride to the energy of Broadway for live music, nightlife, and unforgettable nights out
- Fully Equipped Kitchen
- Smart TV in all the bedrooms
- Communal rooftop patio & game room with a foosball table, dart board, giant Connect 4, and Hok 21
- Private balcony
- In-Unit washer and dryer

🛋️ Living Areas:
- Open Floor Living Room
- Cozy Furnishings
- Smart TV
- Coffee Table
- Access to the private balcony

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Fully equipped kitchen
- Stainless steel appliances
- Fridge, dishwasher, single oven, 4-burner stove, microwave, & toaster
- Keurig coffee maker with coffee
- Kitchen island with bar seating for 4 guests
- Open counter space
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom: King bed with a smart TV, walk-in closet, and en-suite bathroom
- 2nd Bedroom: Queen-over-Queen bunk bed with a smart TV and en-suite bathroom
- 3rd Bedroom: Queen bed with a smart TV, closet, and en-suite bathroom

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom: Dual vanity with a walk-in shower and walk-in closet
- 2nd Bathroom: Jack-n-Jill with a single vanity and shower/tub combo
- 3rd Bathroom: Single vanity with a walk-in shower
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper

🚗 Parking:
- 1 carport parking space

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance - 
1 min walk: Happy Go Yogi
5 min walk: Emanuel Restaurante Latino
9 min walk: Isaac Litton School Park

- Driving Distance - 
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
Located in East Nashville
3 mins: Totos BBQ Express
3 mins: Sip Café
3 mins: El Fuego Restaurant
3 mins: Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center
3 mins: Scoreboard Bar & Grill
4 mins: Inglewood Lounge
4 mins: The Nashville Palace
5 mins: Opry Mills Mall
5 mins: Madame Tussauds Nashville
5 mins: General Jackson Showboat
6 mins: Regal Opry Mills - Movie Theater
6 mins: SoundWaves at Gaylord Opryland
6 mins: Dose Café
6 mins: The Fox Bar & Cocktail Club
8 mins: Mas Tacos Por Favor
8 mins: Grand Ole Opry
10 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
10 mins: Topgolf
10 mins: Five Points
11 mins: Bongo Java
11 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
11 mins: Germantown
12 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
13 mins: Frothy Monkey
13 mins: Broadway
14 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Club
15 mins: RCA Studio
15 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
15 mins: Fat Bottom Brewing Co
15 mins: Tennessee State University
16 mins: The Gulch
16 mins: SOBRO
16 mins: The Blue Room at Third Man Records
16 mins: Music City Center
16 mins: Music Row
16 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
16 mins: Midtown
16 mins: Vanderbilt University
16 mins: The Nations
17 mins: McCabe Golf Course
18 mins: Geodis Park
19 mins: Belmont Mansion
22 mins: Nashville Zoo

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within two (2) hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Maximum of 2 pets under 35lbs each, $100 fee per pet required.
- Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2022 Followed By:2022077942

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire unit, including common areas (Gym & Rooftop Patio).

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms! 
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
18089 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting