URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1689516707183318744
Latitude: 36.20768
Longitude: -86.78559
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to~ Cowboy Up! 

You'll love~ 
▶ Rooftop Vibes. Covered Grill and Kitchen, Outdoor TV, Private Hot Tub, and a super unique Igloo Dome for cool and cozy nights. 
▶ Converted garage feels like a speakeasy; creative seating areas, a karaoke stage and mic, shuffleboard, and custom cocktail bar. 
▶ The home features 11 beds, sleeping 22! Every room features an ensuite bathroom as well. 
▶ Open concept living and dining room features a fireplace and custom record wall.

The space
Cowboy Up is a brand-new luxury Nashville retreat built for group trips, celebrations, and long weekends with friends! This spacious 4-bedroom home sleeps up to 22 guests and features elevated design touches throughout, a converted speakeasy-style garage lounge, and an incredible rooftop complete with a hot tub, fire pit, and outdoor kitchen. Fun details you'll love: there is a coffee bar on the third floor, each room features a 'cowboy' theme, and there are floating beverage pods in the hot tub

Located just minutes from downtown in the new Horizon community, guests also have access to the resort-style pool, hot tub, and community happy hour events. Whether you’re heading to Broadway or staying in for rooftop hangs with your crew, Cowboy Up is the perfect home base for your Nashville getaway.

🛏️For Rest
- First Floor: Double Queen Guest Bedroom with ensuite
- Second Floor: Primary King Bedroom with primary ensuite
- Third Floor: Two custom-built Double-over-Double bunk room with ensuite (Sleeps 8)
- Third Floor: Two custom-built Double-over-Double bunk room with ensuite (Sleeps 8)

✅The Essentials ~ All Included in your stay
- Premium full-size bath products in every bathroom/kitchen. We provide body wash, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and hand soap.
- We provide a starter kit of everything you’ll need to kick off your stay: paper towels, toilet paper, dish soap, laundry pods, and more.
- Coffee is on us! Complimentary grounds from Nashville’s favorite, The Well.
- Free Parking On-site. (1 dedicated space available)
- High-speed Wi-Fi
- Stacked Washer and Dryer

🌆Your Nashville Experience~ Welcome to Music City! 
The Horizon community offers a prime downtown Nashville location. On site - resort-style pool with cabanas and loungers, happy hour and weekly events (for free!), and fire pits for cool Nashville evenings. When you're ready to explore, you're never more than 15 mins away from all Nashville has to offer. 
- Five Star Saturdays ~ Happy Hour with free drinks at Horizon Cabana from 11am-3pm every Saturday!
- 10-minutes to Downtown Nashville and Broadway
- Less than 15 minutes to Music Row, 12 South, or The Gulch 
- Less than 10 mins from Topgolf, First Horizon Park, and Nissan Stadium

This home is proudly managed by Kalos Dwellings. Please reach out if we can answer any questions for you!💛

Guest access
It's all yours! Guests will have 100% access to the entire home during their stay!
For your convenience, we provide you with self check-in instructions so that you can let yourself in upon arrival.

This home is proudly managed by Kalos Dwellings. 
Please don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions, we're here to help.

Other things to note
Other Things to Note
- Parking: There is 1 space available.
- Minimum age to rent the home is 25. 
- Pets: Apologies, no furry friends are allowed at the home. We appreciate your understanding on this.
- Vacation disruptions can be a bummer. While it doesn’t happen often, you may experience issues with Wi-Fi. We are not responsible for any disruptions to the Wi-Fi service or any construction that may affect your experience. Please note that such occurrences are beyond our control, and we appreciate your understanding and patience in these matters.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kalos Dwellings
Host User ID: 351901804
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/351901804
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Sarah and I am one of the co-founders of Kalos Dwellings along with my husband, Dustin, and our best friends, Aaron and Tara.  
Our entire team of hosts are here for anything you need during your stay!
My work: Kalos Dwellings
Fun fact: We are family owned and operated.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
4961 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting