URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1583556373370406044
Latitude: 36.1749
Longitude: -86.7572
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your East Nashville home base! Bright, comfortable, and positioned for exploring.

This private two-bedroom apartment features three king beds, two full bathrooms, a dedicated workspace, a well-equipped kitchen, in-unit laundry, free Wi-Fi, and parking outside. Spacious bedrooms give everyone room to spread out, while the living area offers a cozy place to relax.

Walk to Five Points restaurants, coffee shops, and bars, head toward Nissan Stadium, or take a quick rideshare downtown.

The space
The apartment offers a comfortable layout for couples, families, friends, and groups of up to six guests.

Bedroom one includes one king bed, while the second bedroom features two king beds with plenty of open floor space. Both bedrooms are bright, spacious, and equipped with their own TVs. Two full bathrooms make it easier for everyone to get ready without feeling crowded.

The open shared area brings the kitchen and living room together, making it easy to prepare food, enjoy takeout, watch a movie, or unwind after exploring Nashville. Colorful artwork and thoughtful details give the apartment a fun, welcoming personality.

A dedicated desk and chair are positioned beneath the wall-mounted living-room TV, providing a convenient place to work, check emails, or set up a laptop during your stay. Because the desk shares the TV wall, it may be less private when other guests are using the living room.

The open kitchen is well equipped for morning coffee, simple meals, snacks, and enjoying takeout from East Nashville’s many nearby restaurants.

The kitchen includes a full-size refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, Keurig, cookware, dishes, glassware, and everyday cooking essentials. The peninsula provides additional counter space and connects the kitchen naturally to the living area.

The layout is compact and efficient rather than a large chef’s kitchen, making it best suited for everyday cooking and casual meals. Guests can eat at the kitchen counter, the living-room tables, or settle in on the sofa.

Guest access
Guests have private access to the entire apartment and can check themselves in using the keypad.

Free parking is conveniently located directly in front of the building, making arrivals, departures, and unloading easy.

A gated patio sits outside the unit. When arranged in advance, we’re happy to provide access to this area for luggage drop-off before check-in, so you can leave your bags and begin exploring the city.

Early check-in may be available on a case-by-case basis depending on our cleaning schedule and surrounding reservations. Please reach out in advance, and we’ll gladly accommodate the request whenever possible.

Other things to note
Our private apartment is located along one of Nashville’s most charming corridors, just a short walk from the vibrant Five Points district of East Nashville. Head in the opposite direction and you’ll also be within walking distance of Nissan Stadium, making this a convenient home base for concerts, games, dining, and exploring the city.

The apartment is tucked inside a unique mixed-use commercial building, so the exterior may not look like a traditional house or apartment complex. Lucky for us, there’s a coffee shop downstairs! Once inside, you’ll find the colorful, comfortable space shown in the photos.

The bedrooms and bathrooms are especially spacious, while the shared kitchen and living area have a more compact, efficient layout.

The dedicated desk and chair sit beneath the wall-mounted living-room TV, making it a convenient spot for laptop work, emails, or planning your day.

We provide towels and toilet paper for up to six registered guests for the duration of the stay.

The gated patio outside the unit may be available for luggage drop-off before check-in when arranged in advance.

Early check-in may also be available on a case-by-case basis depending on our cleaning schedule and surrounding reservations. Please reach out in advance, and we’ll gladly accommodate the request whenever possible.

Registration Details
2021048027

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Alyssa
Host User ID: 20958711
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20958711
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I love travel, good coffee, quiet mornings, and spaces that feel relaxing and lived in. I split my time between the California foothills and Nashville with my partner Chad. I’m happy to share this home with guests and hope it gives you a comfortable place to recharge while exploring the area.
Born in the 80s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 months hosting
49 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
9 months of hosting