URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1703123966719026219
Latitude: 36.14162
Longitude: -86.76291
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay just 10 minutes from Broadway, Belmont University, and Vanderbilt University in this modern 3-bedroom, 2.5-bath townhome that sleeps up to 8 guests with 4 comfortable beds. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, high-speed WiFi, Smart TV, in-unit washer/dryer, and FREE on-site parking. The perfect home base for exploring Nashville's live music, restaurants, and top attractions. Reserve your Music City stay today!

The space
THE SPACE

Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway! This thoughtfully designed townhome combines modern comfort with local charm, featuring a record player, guitar, and locally inspired artwork that capture the spirit of Music City.

Sleeps up to 8: 3 spacious bedrooms, 4 comfortable beds, 2.5 bathrooms. Designed for families, friends, and group getaways, with plenty of space to relax after a day exploring Nashville.

Fully equipped kitchen: Enjoy a full kitchen with everything you need to prepare meals, plus a drip coffee maker to start your mornings.

In-unit washer and dryer: Travel light and enjoy the convenience of laundry during your stay.

Fast WiFi and smart TV: Whether you're streaming your favorite shows, sharing your trip, or working remotely, you'll stay connected with ease.

Free on-site parking: Enjoy complimentary parking in the community, plus additional street parking a rare convenience this close to downtown Nashville.

PRIME LOCATION JUST 10 MINUTES AWAY

Broadway and Honky-Tonks, Bridgestone Arena and Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame, Hattie B's Hot Chicken and Five Points Pizza, Centennial Park and Radnor Lake, and Nashville International Airport (BNA).

Close enough to enjoy all the excitement, yet tucked away for a peaceful night's rest.

WHY GUESTS LOVE STAYING WITH US

Hosted by Nashville Nooks, a local boutique team dedicated to providing exceptional hospitality. We're happy to share local recommendations and are always available to help make your stay as enjoyable as possible.

GOOD TO KNOW

Self check-in after 4:00 PM with a smart lock. No pets allowed service animals are welcome in accordance with Airbnb's accessibility policy. Quiet hours begin at 9:00 PM. Ideal for families and groups, but no parties or events. Exterior security cameras are installed for guest safety (none inside the home). Located on a lively side street, so occasional road noise may be heard. We have several similar homes in the community, so décor and furnishings may vary slightly from the photos.

Please note: this unit is conveniently located across from a bus stop. As a result, you may experience some pedestrian traffic and occasional street activity, especially during daytime hours.

Nashville weekends fill up fast reserve your stay today and experience Music City in comfort and style!

Guest access
Guest Access:You'll have the ENTIRE townhome to yourselves all 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, full kitchen, living spaces, and in-unit laundry. No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group.

SELF CHECK-IN: Self check-in: your digital door code is sent by text/email 3 hours before check-in  just enter it on the smart lock keypad. A backup lockbox with a spare key is also on-site for emergencies. Message us anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking in the community lot (first-come, first-served) plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee maker everything in the home is yours to use from check-in to checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just a message away we typically respond within the hour if you need anything during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting