URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1466946138748333973
Latitude: 36.1969
Longitude: -86.8276
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Heights by AvantStay!

- 2 condos, steps from each other in Nashville’s scenic Heights neighborhood
- Total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping 12 guests
- Modern, design-forward interiors with curated furnishings
- Fully equipped kitchens with modern appliances
- Convenient in-unit washer and dryer
- Close to retail, dining, and Nashville’s top attractions
- Minutes from Midtown, Germantown, and The Gulch

The space
These two stylish condos are located right next door to each other, offering a combined total of 4 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms, comfortably sleeping up to 12 guests. Perfect for group getaways, family trips, or friends traveling together who want both connection and space.

Situated in The Heights, a modern condo community perched on a scenic bluff just minutes from Downtown Nashville, you'll enjoy easy access to the city’s best neighborhoods—including Midtown, Germantown, and The Gulch. With local retail and dining options right outside your door and quick access to Nashville’s vibrant nightlife, greenways, and top attractions, this is an ideal home base for exploring Music City.

Unit 1 
Step into a professionally designed space featuring contemporary finishes, curated furnishings, and a bright, welcoming living area. The open-concept layout includes a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances, a cozy dining space, and a comfortable lounge area perfect for winding down after a day in the city. This unit offers 2 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms, comfortably sleeping up to 6 guests. Plus, enjoy the convenience of an in-unit washer and dryer for longer stays.

Unit 2 
Equally stylish and thoughtfully designed, this neighboring condo mirrors the comfort and convenience of #201. With sleek interiors, a sunlit living area, and a fully stocked kitchen, it's the perfect space to relax between Nashville adventures. This unit also features 2 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms, accommodating up to 6 guests. An in-unit washer and dryer add extra convenience for your stay.

Please note:
- The elevator is not available for guest use.
- These units are located on the second floor, and there are 20 steps from the first floor to these units. This property is not suitable for guests with mobility limitations.

Looking for more space? The Heights condos are located steps from one another and can be rented together to accommodate larger groups.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There's a reason Nashville has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, Avantstay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.

Parking Details:
- 2 cars are allowed per unit.
- Parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis in front of the building or to the right as you enter the complex.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
CASR 2025034975

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6902 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting