URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1254283651523508342
Latitude: 36.10107293844583
Longitude: -86.74810831914048
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 7
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This recently updated home is original to the historic Radnor neighborhood of South Nashville. Lovingly restored and maintained, it boasts a huge fenced in yard and cozy living areas, and it features easy access to the airport, Broadway, and all the sights south of downtown Nashville! 

Walking distance to dozens of restaurants and bars, and a short 6-mile drive to Broadway. Geodis Arena at the fairground, the Nashville Zoo, and Grand Old Opry are all minutes away!

The space
With three bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, this home is a comfortable stay for 6 guests, however it can sleep 7 in a pinch. 

The living room offers a cozy sectional couch and 65-inch smart tv--great for a restful movie night in.

The kitchen is spacious with plenty of storage, and there is a dining room with a table that expands to seat 6 comfortably. The kitchen is well stocked for cooking, with an insta-pot, oven, stove, microwave, toaster, and plenty of spices and utensils.

There is a tea kettle and Keurig coffee maker, with refillable, K-cups. Sugar, salt, and pepper are always on hand as well as condiments from packets.

There is a full laundry area, with newer model stacking washer and dryer, and a fold out ironing board.

The master bedroom features a firm, memory foam, queen bed, natural light, blackout curtains, and a newly built bathroom addition. 

Bedroom 2 is great for kids or a dedicated office workspace. It features a full-twin bunkbed, both of medium firmness memory foam. There is a desk and printer for those who have to work from home.

Bedroom three is the largest room, with a queen memory foam mattress and sitting space to read or play guitar. This room also features a 55-inch smart tv.

The outdoor areas are spacious and adorned with wildflowers and tropical plants through the warmer seasons. The large front porch is great to sit out and enjoy the nicer weathered seasons, and the backyard is nearly a third of an acre, fenced in. There is a patio table for outdoor dining and a gas grill. The home is in a city neighborhood. The lot it is on is very private and removed from the main roads. Horns, sirens, cars, and party buses are not prevalent but there is occasional noise from the nearby train junction, some times are louder than others. Airplanes also can be heard but are not common. Earplugs are included for light sleepers.

First aid kits, fire extinguishers, and smoke detectors are maintained in the home.

Other things to note
While young children are welcome, the house has not been specifically childproofed or prepared for children. Parents are encourage to book and reach out with any questions they may have, but reminded that the safety and well-being of their children is their responsibility.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Nicholas
Host User ID: 13864183
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/13864183
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey y'all! 

I'm Nicholas. I'm a small business owner and artist living in Nashville, TN. I love to travel and to share with others the wonderful experiences that Nashville has to offer all visitors and tourists. 

I'm glad to be able to offer my inviting, clean, accessible home for you to have a great trip to Music City!
Born in the 90s
My work: Tribud Services, LLC
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
106 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting