URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/958756282403154585
Latitude: 36.147
Longitude: -86.8166
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the perfect Nashville stay at the Touch of Class. This sparkling clean condo offers privacy and convenient location in West End Nashville. With a king bed, a queen bed and a comfy sleeper sofa, it accommodates families and groups of all kinds! Just 3 miles from Broadway, a walk to Centennial Park and explore the vibrant food and drink scene nearby. Close to Vanderbilt. Book your stay at the Touch of Class today!

The space
Welcome to Touch of Class, a contemporarily classic 2 bedroom, 2 bath condo located within the heart of Midtown Nashville.  Adored with designer decor and thoughtfully laid out for the utmost convenience, this condo truly offers a Nashville experience.  A part of the BRAND NEW Odyssey building, Touch of Class invites you to join in on the city's melodies along with its seamlessly flowing open- concept layout, tasteful furnishings, no stairs, and superb location.  

Location:  This unit places you within walking distance of some of Nashville's most iconic attractions.  A short 2-block walk will take you to Centennial Park, where lush greenery, walking trails, and the stunning replica of the Parthenon await your exploration.  Not only will you find history and culture at your door step, but Midtown is also a culinary paradise.  You'll find an array of local restaurants, eateries, bars, and coffee shops nearby! For music enthusiasts, Nashville's renowned music venues and honky-tonks are just a short ride way-5 minutes.  

Main living areas: Upon entering the condo, an abundance of sunlight from the floor to ceiling windows greets you to Touch of Class.  Reveal in the trendy industrial design of the open-concept floor plan living room, complete with a smart TV, comfortable seating, and designer decor. 

Kitchen:  Conveniently connected to the living area is the fully equipped kitchen, where you will find stainless steel appliances with all you cooking essentials.  Take advantage of the space and whip up you favorite meals, or explore local flavors from the neighborhood eateries at the kitchen island seating. 

Bedrooms & bathrooms:  The primary bedroom is you personal haven, featuring a luxurious king bed, smart TV, large walk-in closet, iron, ironing board, and en-suite bathroom.  The en-suite bathroom includes a spacious standing shower for you convenience.  the 2nd bedroom offers an equally comfortable queen bed alongside carefully selected furnishings and closet space.  This bedroom includes a smart TV and dedicated work space.  There also is a 2nd bathroom off the living area featuring a shower/tub combo.  The bathrooms come equip with hair dryers.  Whichever room you choose, it will be the perfect space to unwind after a day of city exploration.  

Touch of Class is not just a temporary stay.  It's your home away from home curated to enrich your travels.  Come and immerse yourself in the rich culture of Music City, dive into the vibrant nightlife, or simply relax at this convenient yet stylish home and let Nashville's allure steal your heart.  

Notes to guests and important details:   This unit if on the first level with no stairs.  

Bedroom Set Up:  
Primary Bedroom:  King bed with smart TV, en-suite bathroom, large walk-in closet, iron, ironing board.  Bathroom includes single vanity and stand-in shower.  Hair dryer.  Washer and Dryer.  
2nd Bedroom:  Queen bed with designer decor, dedicated work space, smart TV.  
Extra Sleeping:  Queen sleeper soft in the livingroom. 
2nd Bathroom:  Off living area with single vanity and shower/tub combo.  Hair dryer.

Parking: 
Free parking with dedicated parking to match unit number.  Additional parking is available first come first serve. 

Explore The Area: 
Walking distance to hundreds of MidTown - West End attractions and 5 minutes to Broadway!
2 min walk:  Centennial Park
4 min walk: The Parthenon
5 min walk: Taylor Swift Bench
5 min walk: The Local Nashville
5 min walk: BrickTop's
5 min walk: Bombay Palace
6 min walk: Red's Hot Chicken
6 min walk: Newk's Eatery
6 min walk: Maggiano's Little Italy
7 min walk: Starbucks
7 min walk: J Alexander's Restaurant
10 min walk: Vanderbilt University
10 min walk: SandBar Nashville
10 min walk: Avo
13 min walk: Martin's Bar-B-Que
Uber/Car/Lyft
3 min: Climb Nashville
4 min: Tennessee State University
4 min: Hillsboro-West End
5 min: Broadway
5 min:Nashville Yards (Amazon HQ2)
5 min: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
5 min: Music Row
5 min: The Nations
6 min: Music City Center
6 min: RCA Studio
6 min: Belmont Mansion
6 min: McCabe Golf Club
6 min: Ted Rhodes Golf Club
7 min: Sobro
7 min: The Gulch
7 min: Germantown
7 min: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
8 min: Nissan Stadium
8 min: Bridgestone Arena
9 min: Top Golf
12 min: Nashville Zoo
17 min: Grand Ole Opry

The property includes all of the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay.  The items listed blow are provided.
Kitchen
Toaster
Combo Coffee Maker (K - cup and Pot)
Microwave
Blender
Cooking Essentials
Silverwear
Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc
Iron and Ironing Board
Hangers
Hair Dryers
Shampoo and Conditioner
Bed Linens
Extra Pillows and Blankets

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire space and the gym. 
Key code access to all doors. 

Additional House Rules:
Booking guests must be 21 years old.  

Please do not use tape or tacks on the walls to decorate.  

Quiet time if between 9 pm-6 am.  Please be respectful of other residents who live in the building. 
No groups greater than 6 will be allowed
No events or parties accepted
No smoking
No pets unless cleared by host and pet fee paid

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Carey
Host User ID: 362998947
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/362998947
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
244 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting