URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/750588043329330489
Latitude: 36.2015
Longitude: -86.7543
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Group-Ready Nashville Retreat | Roomy, Relaxed & Real

The space
Plenty of Space, Just the Right Vibe

Harmony 3 is made for groups who want a clean, comfortable space to call home while exploring Music City. This spacious 2,020-square-foot townhome sleeps up to 10 guests with ease and offers all the room you need to relax, recharge, and reconnect. With 3 full bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, and multiple gathering spots—including a rooftop patio—it’s built for bonding without feeling crowded.

Tucked into vibrant East Nashville and just minutes from downtown, you’ll be steps from local breweries, coffee shops, and the iconic mural featuring Dolly, Johnny, Jimmy, and Elvis. Snap a pic, grab a drink, and get to exploring.

Why You'll Love This Space

✓	Spacious & Clean: Over 2,000 square feet of well-kept comfort for your crew. 

✓	Group-Ready: Three full bedrooms, multiple queen beds, and two sleeper sofas. 

✓	Laid-Back Vibe: Designed for comfort and easy living.

✓	Walkable & Central: Cool local spots nearby and Broadway just a quick ride away.

✓	Rooftop Patio: Sip, chill, and take in the skyline from your private perch.

House Layout & Amenities

1st Floor: Private queen bedroom with ensuite full bath—great for guests who want extra privacy or to avoid stairs. Garage access makes comings and goings a breeze.

2nd Floor: The social hub. A bright, open-concept living space includes a chef’s kitchen with bar seating, a dining area for group meals, a cozy living area with a queen sleeper, and a full bathroom. Plenty of room to hang out and unwind.

3rd Floor: The top level features another queen bedroom with private bath, plus a separate lounge area with a second queen sleeper and its own mini fridge. Step outside to the rooftop patio—perfect for morning coffee and planning your adventures or winding down with drinks and stories under the stars.

Fully Equipped Kitchen – Whip up meals or late-night snacks with ease.

Smart TVs & Fast WiFi – Stream, scroll, or catch the game.

Washer & Dryer – Travel light and stay fresh.

Keyless Entry & Noise Monitoring – Easy access, extra peace of mind.

Explore Nashville – A Location You’ll Love

✓	In the Heart of East Nashville: One of the city’s most creative and exciting neighborhoods. 

✓	Quick Trip to Broadway: Enjoy the Honky Tonks, Bridgestone Arena, and Ryman Auditorium just a short ride away. 

✓	Nearby Hidden Gems: Discover local favorites like Southern Grist Brewing, East Nashville Beer Works, and All People Coffee. 

✓	Art, Music, and Murals: Snap a pic with Dolly or Johnny at the nearby mural.

Tasty Stops & Local Flavors

•	Perch East ~ 1.1 mi – Airy plant-filled café roasting beans on‑site; bright daytime hangout ideal for catching up over pour‑overs.

•	All People Coffee ~ 1.3 mi – Spacious beverage hall offering self‑serve barista drinks and local beer on tap—perfect for easy group meetups.

•	Kisser ~ 0.6 mi – Beloved Japanese comfort‑food lunch spot with shareable small plates and a calm, refined vibe.

•	Butchertown Hall ~ 2.2 mi – Communal picnic‑table beer hall serving hearty German‑Barbecue fusion—fun dinner option for a lively group.

•	Barrel Proof ~ 2.7 mi – Germantown whiskey lounge with a massive selection and low‑key, relaxed setting—great for evening pours.

•	Inglewood Lounge ~ 3 mi – Chill neighborhood bar with craft cocktails and late‑night eats like sliders and tacos—casual and cozy for post‑dinner hangs.

Explore the Heart of Nashville

•	Germantown – 4 miles

•	The Gulch – 5 miles

•	Music Row – 6 miles

•	Downtown Broadway – 4 miles

•	Top Golf – 3 miles

•	Nissan Stadium – 3 miles

•	Bicentennial Park – 3 miles

•	Sounds Stadium – 4 miles

•	Bridgestone Arena – 4 miles

•	Midtown/Vanderbilt – 6 miles

•	12 South – 8 miles

•	Nashville Airport – 11 miles

•	Iconic Nashville Venues

•	Marathon Music Works – 5 miles

•	Ascend Amphitheater – 5 miles

•	Grand Ole Opry – 8 miles

•	Opryland – 8 miles

•	Ryman Auditorium – 4 miles

Book Your Stay at Harmony 3!

Girls’ weekend, family getaway, or a reunion with old friends—whatever brings your group to Nashville, Harmony 3 delivers room to relax and a prime spot to launch your adventures. It’s comfy, clean, and close to the action. Book your stay and enjoy a true home base in Music City!

Meet the Hosts

iTrip Nashville is a dedicated vacation rental company based in Nashville, TN. Our team is committed to providing a five-star experience for the guests we have the honor of hosting. From spotless spaces to seamless check-ins, we ensure that every detail is covered upon your arrival. We’re available 24/7 to assist as needed. Be our guests and allow us to help you create unforgettable memories in Nashville.

Love this property but your dates aren’t available? Reach out to us! We manage a variety of unique rentals across the area and would be happy to recommend another property that fits your needs.

Metro Nashville STRP 20210Then06561

Other things to note
Please note that we may collect additional information from you after confirming your booking (usually an email address) in order to comply with local regulations and to provide the best possible experience.

Regulatory Information

2021_006561

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ITrip Nashville
Host User ID: 260899725
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/260899725
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
iTrip Vacations Nashville is a locally owned business that works very hard to provide world-class guest experiences for tens of thousands of guests each year.

Kevin and the entire iTrip staff loves all things Music City and enjoys interacting with visitors and creating wonderful memories for all who travel here or locals getting out and about. 

Please ask if you need anything.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
3664 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting