URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1759595035870294058
Latitude: 36.1934
Longitude: -86.7781
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 12
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into a stylish, spacious retreat designed for comfort, connection, and unforgettable group stays. With 12 beds, a private hot tub, rooftop space, and pool table, there’s plenty of room to relax and have fun. Perfect for large groups, bachelor and bachelorette celebrations, family gatherings, and special occasions. Whether you’re celebrating or exploring the area, this home offers the perfect blend of comfort and entertainment. Book now and experience the Nash Vibe!

The space
★ Highlights ★
✔ Private Hot Tub
✔ Spacious Rooftop Lounge
✔ Pool Table
✔ Modern Interior Design
✔ Fully Equipped Kitchen
✔ Fast Wi-Fi
✔ 12 Comfortable Beds
✔ 4 Full Bathrooms
✔ Ideal for Families & Large Groups

The Space

Step into a beautifully designed home that blends comfort, style, and functionality. With its open-concept layout and modern finishes, this spacious retreat is ideal for groups looking to relax, gather, and make lasting memories. Whether you're enjoying a movie night, sharing meals, or simply unwinding together, the home offers plenty of space for everyone.

Kitchen & Dining

The fully equipped kitchen includes everything you need to cook and dine with ease—modern appliances, cookware, utensils, and tableware. The spacious dining area allows your group to enjoy meals together comfortably.

Bedrooms & Bathrooms

This home features 12 beds thoughtfully arranged across multiple sleeping spaces, designed to accommodate large groups with ease. With 4 full bathrooms, guests can enjoy convenience and privacy throughout their stay. Fresh linens, towels, and essential toiletries are provided for your comfort.

Rooftop Experience

Enjoy one of the home’s standout features—the spacious rooftop lounge. Perfect for morning coffee, sunset views, or late-night conversations, this elevated outdoor space offers a relaxing atmosphere for your group.

Indoor Entertainment

Designed for both relaxation and fun, the home includes:
• A private hot tub for ultimate relaxation
• A pool table for friendly competition
• Comfortable indoor lounge areas for socializing and unwinding

Amenities

• High-speed Wi-Fi
• Smart TV
• Air conditioning & heating
• Washer & dryer
• Fully equipped kitchen
• Fresh linens & towels
• Free parking

Perfect For

• Family vacations
• Friends’ getaways
• Business groups
• Special occasions
• Weekend escapes
• Extended stays

Whether you're soaking in the hot tub, enjoying rooftop views, or spending time around the pool table, this home is designed to deliver a comfortable and memorable group stay.

We look forward to hosting you!

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional. 

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Guest access
Guests have full private access to the entire property, including all bedrooms, bathrooms, and living areas. Self check-in is available via smart lock for a smooth and convenient arrival.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting