URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1567650479038243462
Latitude: 36.19288
Longitude: -86.76118
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
A stylish 4BR Nashville retreat with tons of space, a cozy design, family-friendly touches, and an unforgettable rooftop with breathtaking skyline views! Enjoy spacious living areas, a fully equipped kitchen, kid-ready spaces, and a rooftop lounge perfect for dining & relaxing under the stars, with extended WiFi, an outdoor screen, and a projector for movies, Netflix, or sports! Located in walkable East Nashville and just minutes from Broadway, this home is the ideal launch point for your stay!

The space
This home is crafted for easy, comfortable living with room for everyone to unwind. Whether you're here for a weekend trip, family getaway, concert, or bachelorette celebration, every corner is set up to help your group enjoy Nashville with ease.

Amenities Guests Love

• Living Room: Comfy sectional, big-screen smart TV, and a relaxed setup for movies, games, and group hangouts.
• Kitchen & Dining: Fully equipped kitchen, cookware, dishes, and a coffee station with complimentary blends. Total dining seating for 10 people (4 stools at the bar and 6 chairs at round table).
• Rooftop Dome: A signature East Nashville highlight. Features lounge seating, a glowing dome with a full dining area, firepit, movie projector, and a BBQ grill—perfect for night views, celebrations, and memorable evenings.
• Family-friendly Setup: Toys, essentials, and plenty of open play space so parents can relax while kids explore.
•  Kid-friendly Space: Thoughtfully set up with sliding gates at the top and bottom of every stairwell for added safety.
• Bathrooms: Three full baths and one half bath. All designed with comfort in mind and stocked with essentials, including a wall-mounted makeup mirror in every bedroom. 

Bedrooms

• Bedroom 1 (First floor): King bedroom suite with peaceful décor and an additional foldaway twin bed stored in the closet.
• Bedroom 2  (Third floor): King bedroom suite with soft lighting, cozy design, and an extra foldaway twin bed.
• Bedroom 3 (Second floor): Queen bedroom with stylish accents and a calm, comfortable atmosphere.
• Bedroom 4 (Third floor): Kid-friendly room with two twin beds and extra space for playing or relaxing.

Location Highlights

• Prime East Nashville area—safe, walkable, and known for its creative food, coffee, and music scene.
• Walk to Momento Coffee, Southern Grist, Kisser, Golden Pony, and local favorites throughout the neighborhood.
• Minutes to Stay Golden, Elegy Coffee, Café Roze, Gallatin Ave restaurants, and Five Points nightlife.
• Close to beautiful parks including Cleveland Park, McFerrin Park, East Park, and the scenic trails of Shelby Park.
• Quick 8–10 minute drive to Downtown Nashville, Broadway, Nissan Stadium, the Ryman, and top attractions.

This home blends comfort, convenience, and Nashville character in one thoughtfully designed space. With room for families and groups, a unique rooftop experience, and an unbeatable East Nashville location, it’s the perfect home base for exploring Music City.

Book your stay and enjoy a memorable Nashville experience from one of East Nashville’s most inviting group-friendly homes.

Guest access
During your stay, you'll have exclusive access to the entire home, ensuring both privacy and a relaxing experience. From the moment you arrive, the space is yours to enjoy, whether you're relaxing in the peaceful ambiance or making memories with those closest to you. With no shared spaces, you can unwind in comfort and embrace the ultimate getaway!

Other things to note
ATTENTION LOCAL GUESTS: All locals must send an 'inquiry' first using the 'Message Host' option on the booking page to state the purpose of your visit, so we can check to see if we would be able to accommodate your stay; otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel any confirmed reservation made without our approval.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
My work: Carebnb Properties
Most useless skill: Juggling
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4604 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting