URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1774886317241867303
Latitude: 36.1931
Longitude: -86.7792
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the best of Nashville from a stunning, newly built luxury retreat made for gathering and relaxing. With stylish interiors, spacious common areas, and premium amenities, this home is an ideal choice for large groups, family getaways, birthdays, and special occasions. Enjoy a comfortable home base while being close to all the music, dining, and entertainment Nashville has to offer.

The space
Your Nashville Escape Awaits

Make your next Nashville getaway unforgettable in this stylish, modern retreat designed with groups in mind. From the private rooftop to the upscale interiors, every detail is set up to help you relax, celebrate, and enjoy Music City in comfort.

Private Rooftop & Hot Tub

Take in beautiful Nashville views from your own private rooftop deck. Start the morning with coffee above the city, gather with friends in the evening, or unwind beneath the stars in the rooftop hot tub after a day of exploring.

Cook, Dine & Gather

The modern, fully equipped kitchen makes preparing meals together easy and enjoyable. The spacious dining area offers plenty of room for everyone to sit down and share a meal, while the rooftop gives you another great option for outdoor dining and entertaining.

Close to Nashville's Best

You’ll be just a short drive from the excitement of Nashville, including Broadway, the Country Music Hall of Fame, iconic music venues, restaurants, bars, and nightlife. Whether you’re here for live music, great food, or a weekend with friends and family, you’ll have easy access to the city’s top experiences.

Stylish Comfort

Enjoy thoughtfully designed spaces featuring contemporary furnishings, quality finishes, and comfortable bedrooms. After a busy day in the city, come back to a welcoming home where you can relax and recharge.

Additional Amenities
TVs throughout the home
High-speed Wi-Fi
Fully equipped kitchen
Washer and dryer
Dedicated parking for multiple vehicles
Central air conditioning and heating
Private rooftop deck
Rooftop hot tub

Whether you're planning a birthday celebration, group getaway, family trip, or simply a weekend in Music City, this home offers the space, style, and amenities to make your Nashville stay one to remember.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

Guest access
Entire Home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19408 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting