URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/799499389031868518
Latitude: 36.1744
Longitude: -86.7814
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Nashville home base! Fully furnished 2BR/2BA first-floor condo — a 20-min walk or 5-min Uber to Broadway, and steps from Nissan Stadium and Germantown's restaurants and breweries. Everything Music City has to offer is 10 minutes away. No car needed.
Sleeps 6 with King, Queen, and full sleeper sofa. After a night out, retreat to your quiet condo overlooking the Cumberland River. Seasonal pool, on-site gym, and 2 covered parking spaces. Walkable to the action, peaceful when you unwind.

The space
Welcome to Your Nashville Riverfront Retreat
Tucked into a quiet residential community on the banks of the Cumberland River, this fully furnished first-floor condo offers something rare in Nashville: a peaceful, scenic home base that's still walkable to all the action. Whether you're here for Broadway's neon nightlife, a Titans game, a girls' weekend, or a family getaway, you'll find this 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom space thoughtfully designed for comfort, ease, and that "I never want to leave" feeling.

The Living Area
Step inside to an open, light-filled living room with comfortable seating arranged around a smart TV — perfect for movie nights, streaming your favorites, or unwinding after a long day of exploring. Large windows frame stunning views of the Cumberland River, bringing the outdoors in and filling the space with natural light. The full sleeper sofa makes it easy to accommodate extra guests without sacrificing comfort.

The Kitchen
The fully equipped kitchen is ready for everything from quick coffee runs to full-blown family dinners. You'll find a refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, toaster, and a complete set of cookware, dishes, glassware, and utensils. Whether you're whipping up breakfast before a day at the Country Music Hall of Fame or pouring a nightcap after Broadway, the kitchen is stocked and ready.
The adjacent dining area seats four comfortably — a great spot for shared meals, card games, or planning the day's adventures.

The Bedrooms
Primary Bedroom — A peaceful sanctuary with a plush King bed, soft linens, ample closet space, and an en-suite bathroom for privacy. Blackout-friendly window treatments help you sleep in after a late night on Broadway.
Second Bedroom — Features a Queen bed with quality bedding, dresser space, and easy access to the second full bathroom. Ideal for couples, friends, or family traveling together.
Living Room Sleeper Sofa — A full sleeper sofa expands your sleeping capacity to comfortably accommodate up to six guests.

The Bathrooms
Both full bathrooms are clean, modern, and stocked with fresh towels, starter toiletries, and hairdryers. The en-suite primary bathroom and the guest bathroom mean no morning bottlenecks — everyone gets ready on their own schedule.

The River View
One of the standout features of this condo is its setting. You're right on the Cumberland River, with views that change with the light — misty mornings, golden afternoons, and quiet evenings as the city hums in the distance. It's the kind of view that makes you slow down, grab a cup of coffee, and just take a breath.

Building Amenities
You'll have full access to everything the community offers:

🏊 Seasonal outdoor pool — Perfect for warm Nashville afternoons
💪 Fitness center — Keep up your routine while traveling
🧺 Paid laundry area — Pack light, wash as you go
🚗 Two covered parking spaces — A rare and valuable perk in Nashville
🌳 Well-maintained grounds along the riverfront for easy walks

We've put real thought into making this space feel like home — comfortable beds, quality linens, a well-stocked kitchen, and all the little touches that make travel easier.

Come Stay With Us
Whether you're here for a weekend, a week, or somewhere in between, we'd love to host you. Wake up to the river, walk to Broadway, cheer at the stadium, eat your way through Germantown, and come home to a place that feels like your own slice of Nashville. We can't wait to welcome you.

NEED MORE SPACE?
We also host a matching riverfront condo in the same community — book both units together to sleep up to 12 on one trip. Perfect for larger bachelorette parties, families, and friend groups who want to stay close.

Guest access
You'll have the entire first-floor condo and your private riverfront patio to yourself, plus two covered parking spaces — a rare find in Nashville. The community pool and fitness center are available during your stay, and smart-lock entry makes self check-in easy.

Other things to note
The Vibe
This isn't a downtown party condo, and it isn't a far-flung suburban rental. It's the sweet spot — close enough to walk to the action, far enough to actually relax. You get the best of both worlds: the energy of Nashville when you want it, and the calm of a riverside retreat when you're ready to unwind.

A Few Practical Notes

✅ Wi-Fi throughout
✅ Central heating and air conditioning
✅ First-floor unit — no stairs to climb with luggage
✅ Self check-in for easy arrival
✅ Fresh linens, towels, and starter supplies provided
✅ Hairdryers, iron, and basic kitchen staples included

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Val
Host User ID: 176989394
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/176989394
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I'm Val and I'm thrilled to be your host!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
576 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting