URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1527035505800869321
Latitude: 36.1541
Longitude: -86.7757
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stylish SoBro 1BR perfect for couples. Walk to Broadway, dining & nightlife. Queen bed, modern living space, full kitchen, balcony + skyline views. Sleeps 4, best for 2. Clean, secure, easy check-in. Minutes to concerts & top dining. Ideal for weekend getaways, birthdays, or a Nashville escape. Book now and stay in the center of it all. Walkable, stylish, and centrally located. 
PERMIT# T2022056557

The space
Welcome to The Posh Stay – SoBro💋, your stylish 8th-floor high-rise retreat in the heart of Downtown Nashville. This chic, modern 1-bedroom accommodates up to 4 guests comfortably, best suited for 2 and offers city views, curated décor, and elevated amenities designed to make your stay effortless and memorable.

📍 NEIGHBORHOOD

SoBro (“South of Broadway”) is one of Nashville’s most walkable and exciting districts, known for:

Live music & honky-tonks on Broadway

The Country Music Hall of Fame

Bridgestone Arena

Fifth + Broadway

The Ryman

Restaurants, rooftop bars, coffee shops & boutiques

Riverfront Park

Ascend Amphitheater

Close to Nissan Stadium (home of the Tennessee Titans and major concerts), just a short 5–10 minute Uber ride or a 20–25 minute walk across the pedestrian bridge.

You’re steps away from the best Nashville has to offer, yet high enough in the building to enjoy peace, comfort, and city skyline views.

🛋️ Inside, you’ll enjoy:

A private bedroom with a plush queen bed and hotel-quality linens and added comfort for restful nights

A queen pullout sofa with an upgraded memory-foam mattress for added comfort

A private balcony with beautiful city views overlooking the rooftop pool & terrace

A fully equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances, cookware, and dining essentials

A modern bathroom stocked with plush towels & toiletries

A bright open-concept living space ideal for relaxing, working, or getting ready for Nashville nights

And of course, the star of the show…

☕✨ The Posh Signature Coffee Bar

Curated for coffee lovers and early risers, your stay includes a fully stocked coffee & tea bar, featuring:

Hot + iced coffee maker

Variety of coffee pods

Creamers (including flavored options)

Flavored syrups (including sugar-free)

Domino sugar, raw brown sugar & sugar substitutes

Breakfast blend & herbal teas

Local honey

Stirrers

Mugs + to-go cups

Wake up, sip, and enjoy SoBro city views from your private balcony,  The Posh way.

Stay Posh. Stay You.™

🛋️ SPACE (More detailed breakdown)

This thoughtfully designed apartment balances comfort and style:

Bedroom

Queen bed
Ceiling Fan for added comfort 
2 Spacious closets 
Storage Ottoman
Premium linens + extra blankets

Living Room

Queen pullout sofa with upgraded mattress

Smart TV for streaming all your apps

Balcony access with city and pool views

Kitchen

Stainless steel appliances

Cookware, dinnerware, utensils

Toaster, blender, pots, pans

The Posh Coffee Bar (full details above)

Bathroom

Shower/tub combo

Plush towels

Toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, body wash, hand soap)

Hair Dryer

First Aid Kit

Permit # T2022056557

Guest access
🔑 GUEST ACCESS

Guests have full, private access to:

The entire apartment

The private balcony

Keycafe self-check-in system (simple, reliable access using your private code)

The building’s rooftop pool & terrace (seasonal)

Fitness center 

Resident lounges 

Work Spaces

Parking is available at nearby paid garages and street parking, options can be provided upon request.

Other things to note
ℹ️ OTHER THINGS TO NOTE

Elevator & Building Access

The building uses a secure elevator system. To go up to the apartment, guests must enter the elevator access code (provided before check-in). After 5PM, the same code is required to enter the building through certain exterior doors. Clear instructions will be sent before arrival.

Please only use the Keycafe ACCESS CODE (Separate from the Elevator Code) that I assign to you (NOT the QR scan) to avoid opening multiple boxes.

The pool is located on the 3rd floor; the apartment is on the 8th floor with a balcony view overlooking it.

The building may host resident events.

 Quiet hours should be respected.

Every Guest must be registered via their first and last names and email addresses.

No smoking, parties, or unauthorized guests.

Early check-in/late check-out available for a fee (based on availability).

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tamaira
Host User ID: 515196602
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/515196602
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey Hey Hey Y’all! I’m Tamaira your Nashville host.
I host thoughtfully designed stays under The Posh Stay, where comfort, style, and good energy come standard. My SoBro locations are set in one of Nashville’s most vibrant, walkable neighborhoods, with spaces curated for great sleep, great vibes, and thoughtful touches throughout.
Whether you’re here for a getaway, celebration, or work trip, you’ll feel right at home and just a little pampered.
Stay Posh. Stay You.™ Curated with care by Tamaira.
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
64 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting