URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1480491766609827598
Latitude: 36.1563
Longitude: -86.7738
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 24
beds: 49
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to SoBro Guest House by AvantStay. Twenty-four boutique suites come together as one buyout a few blocks off Broadway, giving a big group its own home base in the heart of Music City—design-forward, art-filled, and built for staying close.

🎸 An easy 8-minute walk to Broadway, live music, and standout dining
🛏️ 24 king suites sleeping 48—full kitchens and living areas in every one
🎨 Smart TVs, luxe linens, and original Nathan Brown art throughout

The space
SoBro Guest House brings 24 boutique-style suites together under one roof in the heart of Nashville's SoBro neighborhood—24 bedrooms sleeping up to 48 guests, and a rare way for a big group to stay close while everyone keeps their own space. It's a natural fit for group retreats, wedding guests, or team travel.

Set a few blocks from the Broadway strip, the building puts the best of Music City within an easy walk—live music around every corner, buzzed-about restaurants, and trend-setting shops. Broadway itself is only about an 8-minute walk, close enough to be in the middle of the action but far enough that you're not sleeping in the noise. When it's time to unplug, you'll come back to a design-forward space that's equal parts style and comfort.

Each of the 24 apartment-style suites has a private bedroom with a king bed, a comfortable living area, and a fully equipped kitchen for easy mornings and late-night snacks. Thoughtful touches run throughout—luxe linens, smart TVs, indulgent bath products, and locally roasted coffee to ease into the day—and every suite is finished with vibrant original work by Nashville muralist Nathan Brown, so even your downtime feels inspired. A shared outdoor lounge gives the whole group a place to gather between outings.

Step outside and the neighborhood takes over. Bridgestone Arena is an easy walk for a concert or a Predators hockey game, Music City Center sits a short stroll away, and Ascend Amphitheater lines up shows along the water—the same grounds that fill with music each summer for CMA Festival. Nissan Stadium waits just across the Cumberland for NFL Sundays and stadium concerts. Closer to home, Martin's Bar-B-Que Joint is practically around the corner and The Listening Room Café draws crowds for intimate songwriter sets just down the street, with the shops of The Gulch a short walk away.

Booking the full SoBro Guest House keeps your group connected while giving everyone a place to recharge, and we'll help coordinate the details so your getaway feels seamless from the start.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

SoBro, short for South of Broadway, is one of Nashville's most exciting and walkable neighborhoods. Just steps from Broadway's legendary honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, and the Country Music Hall of Fame, it's a place where music, food, and local culture collide. You'll find some of the city's best restaurants, rooftop bars, and coffee shops nestled alongside art galleries, boutique shopping, and vibrant street murals. With downtown and The Gulch just minutes away, SoBro is the perfect home base for exploring the very best of Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- There is no elevator onsite.
- The specific layout and decor within each suite may vary from what is shown in the images.
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.

Parking Details:
- The SoBro guest house parking lot operates on a paid nightly structure. Overnight parking is $35 per night. Short-term parking is $5 for up to 1 hour and $35 for 1–24 hours.
- Guests of AvantStay will receive a 25% discount during their stay. Use discount code GST25.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620307121

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting