URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/775471784356647490
Latitude: 36.1785
Longitude: -86.7588
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 16
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
The Ultimate 24-Guest Nashville Compound! 🏙️

Host your massive group in Two Side-by-Side Homes just 5 mins from Broadway! 🎸 Combined, you get 8 bedrooms, 12 En-Suite Baths, and 19 beds—no bathroom lines ever! 🛁 Features a professional Game Room (Billiards, Air Hockey, Karaoke), rooftop decks with skyline views, and a private fenced courtyard with yard games. Safe, spacious, and built for celebrations! Service animals welcome. Your Nashville campus awaits! 🤠✨

The space
Welcome to your Nashville Group Campus! 🎻

Experience the ultimate celebration in our side-by-side twin townhomes, "Skyline View" (Unit A) and "Southern Gent" (Unit B). Designed specifically for large group logistics, this compound offers a unique "campus" feel where up to 24 guests can stay together while maintaining individual privacy. Located just 2 miles from the neon lights of Broadway, you are tucked away enough for privacy but close enough for a 5-minute Uber ride.

💎 The Compound Advantage:

The 12-Bath Miracle: This is our most-loved feature. Every single bedroom and top-floor lounge has its own En-Suite Full Bathroom. For groups of 24, this means everyone gets ready for the night out at the same time—no waiting, no stress.

Professional Game Room: Unit B’s garage has been professionally converted into a high-energy lounge featuring Billiards, Air Hockey, Darts, Karaoke, and a large-screen TV. It’s the ultimate "Pre-Game" spot.

Rooftop Socializing: Both homes feature massive fourth-floor roof decks with unblocked views of the Nashville skyline. Sip morning coffee or sunset cocktails with the best view in the city.

🏡 Inside the Homes:

Twin Gourmet Kitchens: Two fully stocked kitchens (one in each house) with dual coffee stations (Drip + Keurig) and bar buffets for easy group catering.

19 Total Beds: We’ve optimized sleeping with a mix of Kings, Queens, and Daybeds to ensure every guest has a comfortable spot without feeling cramped.

Shared Courtyard: The back of the homes leads to a private, fenced courtyard shared by the units, featuring outdoor grills and yard games for daytime fun.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Coordinating 24 people? We’ve made it safe and effortless.

Digital Keyless Entry: No physical keys to pass around. Both homes feature unique codes that you can share with your entire group.

Contactless Access: Arrive whenever your flight lands. No need to coordinate with a host.

Professional Management: Managed by Playlist Properties—Nashville’s first licensed vacation rental company—ensuring 24/7 support and local expertise.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 24 Total):

Unit A (4 Bedrooms + Lounge): Mix of King, Queens, and Twins with en-suite baths.

Unit B (4 Bedrooms + Lounge): Mix of King, Queens, and Twins with en-suite baths.

Extra: Multiple Sleeper Sofas and Twin Daybeds with Trundles across both units.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

Broadway (5 min Uber): You are 2 miles from the Honky Tonks, Tootsie’s, and The Stage. 👢

Nissan Stadium (8 min drive): Perfect for Titans games and stadium concerts.

12 South / The Gulch (5 min drive): Explore the city's trendiest shopping and dining murals.

Local Tip: Use the "Game Room" in Unit B as your central meetup point before heading downtown—it’s the perfect spot for group photos!

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This compound is a pet-free environment. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
STRP# - 2021039840 & 2021039846

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting