URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1719863949754563979
Latitude: 36.1546
Longitude: -86.7749
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 5
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Bourbon Ranch - Sophisticated Speakeasy Meets Western Retreat in Nashville

Located in the center of Downtown Nashville!  2 Blocks to Broadway, 2 Blocks to The Listening Room,  1 block to Bridgestone , Country Music Hall of Fame, Music City Center, and all the other fun to be had in Downtown Nashville. 

25 Minute walk to Nissan Stadium,  beat the ride share rate and wait!

Enjoy the fantastic pool, gym and work space all accessible to you!

STR Permit #2018070670

The space
Sophisticated Speakeasy Meets Western Retreat in Nashville

Welcome to The Bourbon Ranch—an elevated Nashville escape where refined style meets authentic charm. From the moment you step inside, you’re greeted by a thoughtfully designed space that blends warmth, character, and a touch of Southern sophistication.

The living room sets the tone with its rich, bourbon-inspired speakeasy ambiance. Deep textures, warm lighting, and inviting seating create the perfect atmosphere to unwind with a drink, share stories, or relax after a day exploring Music City. It’s a space that feels both intimate and elevated—ideal for quiet evenings or meaningful connection.

Step into the bedroom and you’ll find a seamless transition into a serene ranch-inspired retreat. Featuring vintage woods, natural textures, and carefully curated western décor, the space offers a peaceful, grounded contrast to the energy of Nashville. Every detail has been selected to create a cozy yet refined environment that promotes rest and relaxation.

Whether you're in town for a concert, a special celebration, business travel, or a weekend getaway, The Bourbon Ranch offers a distinctive experience that stands apart from the ordinary. You’ll enjoy the perfect balance of style and comfort, making it easy to recharge while staying connected to everything Nashville has to offer.

Designed with versatility in mind, the space is equally suited for couples seeking a romantic escape, friends gathering for a memorable weekend, or professionals looking for a comfortable and inspiring place to stay. Its unique character and thoughtful design make every visit feel special.

At The Bourbon Ranch, you’re not just booking a place to stay—you’re stepping into an experience. One that feels welcoming, refined, and unmistakably Nashville.

Sleeping Arrangements
🔆 1 King Size Bed (bedroom)
🔆 2 trundle day beds- converts to 4 twins or 2 kings (living room)

Guest access
You and your guests will have access to the entire unit, as well as all of the buildings amenities via smart locks. Please note: Refunds cannot be issued for any building amenities that are unavailable during your stay, because unfortunately that is out of our control.

You have the option of using our gated, reserved parking spot inside the covered and gated parking garage attached to the building. It is currently available at a discounted rate of $30 per night. This can be arranged by contacting us prior to your arrival and is a transaction paid separately from your Airbnb reservation. Must be paid in full prior to gaining access.

Other nearby lots and garages in the area charge $44-$50 per night.

Check-in is at 3 PM and check-out is at 10am. For an additional fee, late check out may be available upon request with a 24 hour notice, but not guaranteed.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jon
Host User ID: 79593986
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/79593986
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We created The Bourbon Ranch to be the kind of place we always hope to find when we travel: welcoming, thoughtfully designed, and a relaxing home base after a day of exploring Music City.

Our family has a special connection to Nashville. Our daughter is a musician who is attending school here, and you may even catch her performing on one of the many local stages throughout the city's vibrant neighborhoods.
My work: Sales / Educator
Fun fact: 2 kids - musician & golfer
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 months hosting
9 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
2 months of hosting