URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/554287588825431282
Latitude: 36.14521
Longitude: -86.78136
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Spacious four-bedroom Nashville home for up to 10 guests, featuring one king room, two queen rooms, and a bunk room with four twin beds. Enjoy a rooftop deck with city views, a full kitchen, indoor fireplace, Wi-Fi, smart TV, garage parking, and a washer and dryer. Convenient to The Gulch, Music Row, 12South, Broadway, and downtown.

The space
See Nashville from a whole new point of view at this brand-new 4BR/3.5BA house with incredible rooftop deck, made for entertaining.

The main living area is on the top floor and affords fabulous views. Your group will enjoy privacy and a generous living space in which to spread out.

You’re just 2 miles from the famous honky-tonks of downtown Nashville. You also have access to many of Nashville’s top neighborhoods, including The Gulch and Music Row.

ABOUT THE HOUSE

Entertainment-ready with incredible city views, the rooftop deck is where you’ll want to spend your downtime. It has a six-person patio table for al fresco meals and a lounge area with couch, gas fire pit, and propane heaters.

Get creative in the gourmet kitchen equipped with quartz counters, bold blue cabinets, and stainless appliances - including a gas stove and a smart fridge with front panel screen. There’s plenty of prep space between two kitchen islands, both with two barstools. Use the elevator in the garage to get your groceries to the main level.

A rawhide-covered bench and leather chairs surround the rustic dining table for six. The dining area and kitchen are open to the modern living room. Turn on the gas fireplace on cool nights, and get cozy on the couch and armchair to watch the state-of-the-art concave 64” TV.

The three-story home sleeps ten comfortably in four bedrooms.

Rivaling a five-star hotel, the master bedroom boasts a king bed with posh tufted headboard, reading chair, 48” flat screen TV, and access to a private balcony. Pamper yourself in the en-suite bathroom with double sinks, large walk-in shower with glass door, and generous walk-in closet.

Situate the kids in the second-floor bunk room, where they’ll all sleep tight in two sets of twin-over-twin bunk beds. An en-suite bathroom features penny tile floors and a tub/shower combination.

On the entry level, a third bedroom is outfitted with sleek black and white decor, queen four-poster bed, and 48” flat screen TV. You’ll love the chic gold accents in the fourth bedroom—it also has a queen bed and 48” flat screen TV. These rooms are connected by a Jack-and-Jill bath with double sinks and tub/shower combination.

There is also a half bath off the third floor living area.

Amenities include a washer/dryer set and parking for two cars in the private garage, plus street parking.

THE LOCATION

Call Uber or Lyft and in just a few minutes you’ll be in downtown Nashville. Along with country music and honky-tonks, the city is home to foodie-favored restaurants, professional sports teams, and pretty green spaces. Must-sees include Ryman Auditorium, the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum, and the Music City Center.

You’re also in a great location to explore neighborhoods outside of downtown like The Gulch, Music Row, and 12South. Just a few blocks away is 8th Avenue, full of diverse shops, boutiques, and galleries. Dine at nearby restaurants Thai Esane, Pour House Burgers, and Bourbon and Brews.

Local Permit: Issued 2017 followed by 056041

Guest access
As our guest, you'll have full access to the entire property, except for a few areas reserved for house supplies.

Other things to note
| ▼ Things to Know |

☑︎ Check-in time: 4:00 PM
☑︎ Check-out time: 10:00 AM
☑︎ Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM - 8:00 AM
☑︎ All guests shall abide good neighbor policy and shall not engage in illegal activity.
☑︎ NO smoking is permitted anywhere on the premises.
☑︎ Streaming services available with guests’ own account(s)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Casago Middle Tennessee 3⁩
Host User ID: 443141200
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/443141200
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Casago Middle Tennessee

A franchise partner of Casago- Our Team are local owners who manage properties like they are our own- with pride, care and efficiency.
Speaks Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
2120 reviews
4.51 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting