URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/49159162
Latitude: 36.14689
Longitude: -86.78193
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Large and spacious Loft in the exciting Downtown's Gulch neighborhood.  You are steps away from the city's best and hippest bars, restaurants, and night spots!  Fun Nashville design, wide open loft space, huge windows for tons of natural light.  Three extremely comfortable hotel quality beds, including a king bed in the master, queen bed in second bedroom, and an extremely comfortable pull out sofa--not your average sofa bed; it's very high quality designed for comfort! Pool and Gym in building

The space
Perfect for couples, families, groups of friends, business travelers, concerts, sporting events, and extended stays, the loft features two bedrooms, three comfortable sleeping options, generous gathering space, and access to an on-site pool and fitness center.

Designed for Comfort! This spacious Nashville loft combines an open, airy layout with plenty of natural light and comfortable spaces to relax.

🛋️ Living Area: Wide-open loft-style living area with huge windows, abundant natural light, fun Nashville-inspired décor, and plenty of space to unwind after exploring the city.

Primary Bedroom
• 1 King Bed with a spacious closet

Second Bedroom
• 1 Queen Bed with  a hanging bar with hangers for clothing

💻 Workspace & Connectivity: Enjoy a comfortable setup for longer stays along with convenient access to Nashville’s downtown business and entertainment districts.

🏊 Pool & Fitness: Enjoy access to the building’s on-site swimming pool and fitness center during your stay.

📍 Location: Stay approximately half a mile from The Gulch and enjoy convenient access to Broadway, Downtown Nashville, restaurants, rooftop lounges, bars, boutiques, coffee shops, and entertainment.

Other things to note
‼️‼️ We are committed to providing a relaxing and comfortable experience during your stay. Please note the following important information:

Location & Broadway Access: The property offers convenient access to Downtown Nashville while providing a quieter place to relax at the end of the day.

Broadway is approximately a 25-minute scenic walk from the property. Uber and Lyft are also readily available for guests who prefer a quicker trip downtown.

The Gulch is approximately half a mile away and offers popular restaurants, bars, rooftop lounges, boutiques, coffee shops, and entertainment.

Loft-Style Bedrooms: This is an open, airy loft-style property. Some bedroom walls do not extend completely to the ceiling, as shown in the listing photos.

The bedrooms provide visual separation, but because of the open loft design, sound may carry between spaces.

Bedroom Light: The bedrooms receive plenty of natural daylight and do not have blackout curtains. Guests who prefer complete darkness while sleeping may want to bring a sleep mask.

Bedroom Storage: The King bedroom has a spacious closet with plenty of room for clothing. The Queen bedroom does not have a traditional closet but includes a hanging bar with hangers.

Pool: The swimming pool is seasonal and is not available year-round. When open, current pool hours are 9:00 AM to 11:00 PM.

Fitness Center: The fitness center is currently available 24 hours a day. Building management may adjust operating hours when necessary. Children under 16 must be accompanied by an adult while using the gym.

Parking Garage: Parking is located inside a secured parking garage.

The garage entrance has a maximum clearance of approximately 10 feet. An area near the fitness center and elevator has a lower clearance of approximately 8 feet.

Housekeeping Laundry: Our housekeeper may occasionally be completing final preparations before your arrival.

If you notice clean laundry inside the dryer, you may simply remove it and place it to the side. Fresh towels and linens will be available separately for your stay.

Age Requirement: Per Nashville Metro requirements, the principal renter must be at least 21 years old.

Security Deposit: Based on reservation details, including prior guest reviews when applicable, we reserve the right to request a refundable security deposit where permitted.

If required, the deposit must be paid promptly upon request and will be refunded after check-out, provided the property is left in good condition.

Long-Term Stay Utilities: For reservations of 30 nights or longer, a $400 monthly utilities fee is collected separately from the reservation through the Airbnb app before the stay begins.

This covers:
• High-speed internet
• Water and sewer
• Trash service
• Electricity
• Gas

Payment must be completed within 24 hours of our request. Failure to pay the utilities fee within that timeframe may affect the reservation in accordance with applicable booking terms.

No Smoking or Vaping: Smoking or vaping inside the property is strictly prohibited.

A minimum $1,000 cleaning fee may apply for violations. Repeated or severe violations may also result in termination of the stay in accordance with applicable booking platform policies.

Check-Out & Cleaning Expectations: Guests are requested to follow the check-out instructions provided before departure to help our cleaning team prepare the property efficiently for the next arrival.

If the loft is left in a condition requiring substantially more time or effort than a standard turnover, such as excessive mess, unusual amounts of trash, or additional cleaning beyond the normal scope, an additional cleaning fee may be charged to cover the extra labor and time required.

Thank you for treating the property with care. Your cooperation helps us continue providing a clean, comfortable, and well-maintained space for every guest.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Elite Stay
Host User ID: 11849086
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/11849086
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a Nashville native with 30 years working in management in the hospitality and service industry.  I also happen to love people.

I believe it is always important to treat others as you wish to be treated. I love to travel and I love good food and wine and fun things to do with groups of people, and I have always appreciated those friends who have guided me in the cities and countries where I have visited/lived.  

I have always made it my goal to discover the best food at the best restaurants, but then also discover that "hole in the wall" that has amazing food and a fun atmosphere for a fraction of the cost.  

Born and raised in Nashville, I love my city and I love to share it with others.  
I provide recommendations of the best bars and restaurants and I am always available to answer the phone to help you with whatever you need.
My work: Recreation/Hospitality Industry
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
4781 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting