URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/50284842
Latitude: 36.1365
Longitude: -86.7878
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Rooftop skyline views, spacious gathering spaces, and Nashville-inspired charm await at The Jolene. Inspired by Dolly Parton’s timeless style, this elegant retreat blends comfort and sophistication for an unforgettable stay. Perfect for bachelorette weekends, birthdays, family vacations, and group getaways, you'll enjoy beautifully designed spaces and easy access to the best of Music City. 🌆

The space
Things You'll Love: 
◆ Location! Just 5 minutes from both The Gulch and 12 South!
◆ Expansive Open Layout, ideal for entertaining
◆ Comfortable living room with gas fireplace
◆ Rooftop Lounge Area with skyline views and a fire pit
◆ Sauna and Fitness area w/ Peloton Bike
◆ Fully equipped gourmet kitchen
◆ Large dining room with ample sunlight
◆ Smart TVs throughout the house - easily connect to all your favorite streaming apps!
◆ High speed Wi-fi
◆ Laundry Room with Washer/Dryer
◆ Vintage Record Player, a nod to Music Row's legacy
◆ Parking for one car in garage, additional street parking
◆ Dog friendly - $150 pet fee per stay for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions

Sleeping Arrangements:
First Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - King Bed, Ensuite Bathroom, TV
◆ Den with Twin bed, twin trundle bed

Second Floor:
◆ Bedroom 2 - King Bed, Sleeper Sofa, Ensuite Bathroom, TV

Third Floor:
◆ Bedroom 3 - Queen Bed, Ensuite Bathroom, TV
◆ Bedroom 4 - Two Sets of Double Bunk Beds (4 double beds), Ensuite Bathroom
◆ Bonus Room : Twin-size Futon 

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The Jolene for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Please note, this home has a garage that fits two vehicles. However, due to recent parking issues with the complex across the street, accessing the garage may be more challenging for larger vehicles. There is ample street parking in front of the home.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Favorite song in high school: Baby Blue, George Strait
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5415 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting