URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/11827330
Latitude: 36.1798
Longitude: -86.7396
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to this charming 3BR, 2.5Bath retreat tucked into East Nashville, TN—where settling in comes easy and the pace feels just right.

Step away from the noise and enjoy your own covered private deck, all while being just a quick 8-minute ride from Nissan Stadium, downtown Nashville, great restaurants, local shops, and all the spots that make this city come alive.

(STRP#2017021270)

The space
Welcome to this easy-livin’ 3BR, 2.5Bath hideaway tucked into the heart of East Nashville, TN. Step on in, set your bags down, and let the road drift off your shoulders—this is the kind of place where time slows down whether you mean it to or not.

Out back, you’ve got yourself a covered deck made for long mornings and longer nights. Rain or shine, it’s a good place to sit a while, sip something warm or something strong, and watch the day roll by. And when the city starts calling your name, you’re just an easy 8-minute ride from Nissan Stadium, downtown lights, live music, good food, and all the places where Nashville tells its stories.

*** Please note that we cannot accommodate Bachelor or Bachelorette groups at our property. A signed renter agreement is required upon booking confirmation. We also require outdoor music to be turned off by 10 pm. Nightly quiet hours are set by city ordinance and run from 10 pm to 7 am, and we ask for your cooperation out of respect for our neighbors. We appreciate your understanding. ***

🌟 Let’s Take It Nice and Easy 🌟

🛏️ Three Cozy Bedrooms Made for Restful Nights
🌈 Open-Concept Living with Room to Breathe
🍳 A Kitchen That Feels Like Home Cooking
☕ Coffee Bar with All the Fixings for Slow Mornings
🍷 Wine Bar with Cooler & Fridge for Easy Evenings
🌞 Covered Back Deck Built for Year-Round Living
🔥 Blackstone Grill & Classic Grill for Supper Under the Sky
🪑 New Outdoor Furniture & Shades for Sitting a While
🏡 Front Patio for a Quiet Moment or Two
📺 Smart TVs & Vintage Record Player Bluetooth Speaker Combo
🎶 Alarm Clocks That Double as Bluetooth Speakers & Sound Machines
💼 Workspace with Gaming-Style Monitor for When Duty Calls
🚀 High-Speed Wi-Fi for Staying Connected (If You Feel Like It)
🧺 Washer/Dryer for Keeping Things Simple
🧩 Board Games for Nights That Don’t Need Much
🍲 Crock Pot / Rice Cooker / Air Fryer for Home-Cooked Comfort
🚗 Free Parking, Just Like It Ought to Be
🌀 Under-Stair Safety Room for Peace of Mind

Now let’s wander through it.

The heart of the home opens up easy, with a living space that flows right into the kitchen and dining area like it’s all meant to be. Sunlight stretches across the hardwood floors, and the whole place feels warm, steady, and ready for whatever kind of memories you’re carrying in.

That deck out back… that’s where the real stories tend to happen. Now covered and set up just right, it’s an outdoor living room of its own. Fire up the grill, pull up a chair, and let the night settle in around you. Morning coffee tastes a little better out there, and evening drinks seem to last a little longer.

The bedrooms are quiet little sanctuaries, each one built for rest and a good night’s sleep. In the front room, there’s a Murphy bed paired with a workspace and a big gaming-style monitor—perfect if you’ve got a little work to do before you can get back to doing nothing at all.

🌟 Living Room Lovin' 🌟

This is where you land at the end of the day. Maybe there’s a movie on, maybe there’s music playing, maybe it’s just quiet—and that’s just fine too.
🍿 Supersized Sectional for Stretching Out
📺 65" Smart TV for Easy Watching
🔥 Fireplace for a Little Extra Warmth
🛋️ Comfortable Seating That Invites You to Stay
🍩 Coffee Tables Ready for Snacks & Stories
🪔 Soft Lighting for Evenings That Drift By
🎶 Vintage Record Player + Bluetooth Speaker for Whatever You’re Feeling

Now, the kitchen…

It’s got everything you need and then a little more. Granite countertops, good appliances, and a coffee bar that makes mornings feel like they ought to. Just off to the side, a wine bar with its own cooler and fridge—because some evenings don’t need much more than a glass and a good conversation.

🍽️ Dining Table for Gatherings (Seats 6)
🍳 Kitchen Island for Casual Bites (Seats 3)
☕ Coffee Bar Ready When You Are
🍷 Wine Bar with Cooler & Fridge
🧼 Dishwasher (Because You’ve Done Enough)
🍹 Blender for Mixing Things Up
🥘 Crock Pot, Rice Cooker & Air Fryer Ready to Go
☕ Keurig for That First Cup
🍳 Pots, Pans & All the Essentials

When it’s time to turn in, three bedrooms are waiting to treat you right.

♛ Master Suite: King Bed, Ensuite Bath, Private Balcony
♛ Bedroom 2: Queen Bed, TV
♛ Bedroom 3: Queen Bed with Murphy Setup + Workspace & Monitor

Each one comes with:
🛌 Premium Linens for a Deep Sleep
🚿 Upgraded Shampoos, Soaps & Conditioner
🧖‍♀️ Large Luxury Towels
🎶 Alarm Clock Bluetooth Speaker + Sound Machine
👗 Plenty of Space for Your Things
🌙 Nightstands for the Little Stuff

Bathrooms are set up simple and comfortable:

🛁 Tub/Shower Combo for a Long Soak
🚿 Walk-In Shower for a Quick Reset
💄 Vanity Space for Getting Ready
🧴 Thoughtful Toiletries Throughout

Step outside and you’ve got room to breathe—whether it’s the covered back deck made for gathering or the front patio that’s just right for a quiet cup of coffee.

And if you’re looking to make things a little more special, Markie Concierge Services can help set the stage—stock the fridge, set up a celebration, or just take a little off your plate so you can enjoy the stay.

This place isn’t about rushing through—it’s about settling in. A little music, a little laughter, maybe a late night or two… and letting Nashville do the rest.

Guest access
Welcome to your own private paradise – an entire house exclusively for you, with no interruptions throughout your stay. It's time to kick back, relax, and truly feel at home.

But that's not all! Alongside the fantastic amenities you already know about, our haven also offers:

✔ Lightning-Fast High-Speed Wi-Fi
✔ Super Convenient Self Check-In via Lockbox
✔ All-Year Comfort with Air Conditioning and Heating
✔ Your Personal Laundry Heroes – Washer and Dryer
✔ Looking Sharp – Iron and Ironing Board Ready to Roll
✔ Parking Woes? Not Here! Enjoy Free Parking Stress-Free

We've thought of everything, so you can focus on enjoying every moment of your stay. This is your oasis, your retreat, your home away from home. Let the relaxation begin! 🏡🌟

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Matthew
Host User ID: 63006343
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/63006343
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My work: Mortgage Advisor
Lives in Chandler, Arizona
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
11 years hosting
158 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting