URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1167401625799857180
Latitude: 36.1121
Longitude: -86.6968
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Escape to The Dempsey, a stylish 3BR/3BA Nashville home perfect for groups of up to 10. Unwind by the indoor fireplace, challenge friends to ping-pong in the game room, or gather on the private patio with an outdoor fireplace and fire pit.

Located in a quiet neighborhood, you're just minutes from BNA airport and Downtown Broadway. Your ultimate Nashville getaway awaits!

The space
The Dempsey is designed for comfort, fun, and relaxation. This home features three themed bedrooms with two king beds, two double beds, a queen murphy bed, unique art, and cozy lighting. The stylish living room includes a record player and an indoor fireplace, while the fully equipped kitchen is perfect for preparing meals, with a coffee maker and grinder for your mornings. The basement is the ultimate hangout, complete with a ping-pong table and lounge seating. Indoor fireplaces create a warm, inviting atmosphere, and the outdoor space is an oasis with a fireplace, dining tables, a Solo Stove fire pit, and string lights.

Located in the peaceful Seven Oaks neighborhood, The Dempsey offers easy access to Nashville’s top attractions. Just 12 min to downtown Broadway and Percy Priest Lake, 7min to the airport, and 15 min to the Grand Ole Opry, it’s the perfect spot for relaxation, fun, and exploring Nashville.

Whether you’re here to explore Broadway’s nightlife, unwind by the fire, or enjoy a game of ping-pong, The Dempsey is the perfect base for your Nashville adventure.

Guest access
The entire house is available for your use, except for a few areas that are marked as “not for guest use.” These include the garage and two storage closets in common spaces. We’ve ensured that everything you need for a comfortable and enjoyable stay is fully accessible, and we’re happy to help if you have any questions about the space!

Other things to note
Our home is located in the peaceful Seven Oaks neighborhood, just 10 minutes from downtown Nashville, Broadway, and the airport. You’ll also be close to Percy Priest Lake and Seven Oaks Park, with brand-new pickleball, tennis, and basketball courts.

Trash collection is on Tuesday mornings. If your stay includes Monday night, we’d appreciate it if you could place the bins at the curb. Guests staying Tuesday night can help by bringing the bins back after collection. This isn’t necessary but if it’s possible this would really help!

Please note that the garage and two storage closets are marked as “not for guest use,” but the rest of the home is fully yours to enjoy. This includes a Solo Stove fire pit with string lights as well as an outdoor fireplace with dining and hang out area —perfect for a relaxing evening outdoors.

We strive to provide a memorable and comfortable stay with thoughtful touches throughout the home, including strong Wi-Fi and modern amenities. If you have any questions, feel free to ask before booking!

Registration Details
2024048720

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Emily
Host User ID: 142507006
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/142507006
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Most useless skill: Doing a Marcel the Shell impression
Fun fact: I lived in a van for 3 years!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
56 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting