URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/42142384
Latitude: 36.08386
Longitude: -86.63432
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 7
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Music City's perfect getaway! Our upscale 3BR home offers stunning views of Nashboro Golf Club's 17th fairway, an open floor plan with a spacious great room and kitchen featuring a marble waterfall island. Ideally located just 10 minutes from BNA Airport and 20 minutes from downtown Broadway. Experience the best of golf, lake, and city life in Nashville. You will absolutely love staying in our home and enjoy all it has to offer!

The space
Welcome to your Nashville oasis! Our spacious, single-story home offers the perfect blend of city excitement and tranquil retreat. Centrally located, you're just minutes away from Music City's iconic attractions, yet nestled in a serene setting overlooking the 17th fairway of Nashboro Golf Club. 

Start your day with a cup of coffee on the back porch swing, planning your Nashville adventures. As the sun sets, unwind with a glass of wine on the patio deck, taking in the stunning golf course views. Nature enthusiasts will love the proximity to Percy Priest Lake and Long Hunter State Park, both less than 10 minutes away, offering swimming, hiking, and water sports rentals. Step inside to an open, airy layout that's ideal for group gatherings. The great room boasts spacious seating and flows seamlessly into the kitchen, featuring a showstopping waterfall marble island. This open concept design ensures comfortable conversation throughout the kitchen, living room, and dining areas, making it perfect for families or friends traveling together. 

Large frame double door windows frame picturesque views of the Nashboro golf course, bringing the outdoors in and creating a light-filled, relaxing atmosphere. Whether you're here to explore Nashville's vibrant music scene, enjoy outdoor activities, or simply relax in a luxurious setting, our home provides the ideal base for your Music City getaway. Experience the best of Nashville – from its bustling downtown to its peaceful outskirts – all from the comfort of our welcoming retreat.

Keyless entry on the front door. You will receive an entrance code for the entirety of your stay.

Three bedrooms, two full bathrooms. All beds have comfortable pillow-top mattresses outfitted with clean, white bedding.

MASTER SUITE: Room with a view! Spacious room with queen bed, large walk-in closet, gorgeous en suite bathroom with walk-in waterfall shower and a deep freestanding bathtub. Enjoy a stunning view of the golf course with double doors that lead out to the deck. Large Smart TV with Roku.

GUEST ROOM 2: Comfortable full bed. Adjacent bathroom.

GUEST ROOM 3: Comfortable queen and twin XL bunk bed with plenty of light and en suite bathroom. 

Ample bedding, blankets, and pillows for all guests. All kitchen essentials are available for a fabulous home-cooked meal. Smart TV with Roku in the living room. Plenty of seating for groups. Large outdoor patio deck area with table seating. Screened in back porch with swing and bistro table. Basketball goal and basketball available for a fun game with friends and family.  Private driveway with parking spaces available for many cars. 

Streaming channels available include Netflix, YouTube TV, Amazon Prime, Hulu and more. Just sign in to your accounts and enjoy!

Other things to note
NO PARTIES OR EVENTS: 
As much as we love fun parties and throwing a big bash ourselves, we do not allow parties or events and strictly enforce that rule at our home. Please read our house rules for more information when making your reservation. 

FUN THINGS TO DO: 
Visit downtown on Broadway for honky tonk’s and Robert’s Western World for the best live music. Hillsboro Village for Fido coffee shop/restaraunt, shopping and Jeni’s ice cream. Visit historic downtown Franklin for boutique shopping, great restaurants, possible celebrity sightings and an afternoon filled with friendly faces and Tennessee’s beautiful country side. Visit East Nashville, 12th South and the Gulch for fantastic food and instagrammable photo ops & murals. And don’t forget about Opry Mills for shopping and the Grand Ole Opry for a classic show!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andrea
Host User ID: 21294313
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/21294313
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We love to travel, explore and stay in fun places just like you. Our home is a sense of pride for us as we've put a lot of thought into its design, flow and decor.  We revel in the "little things" and love to create spaces where good vibes and positive memories can be shared with others. We know you will absolutely love staying in our home! We look forward to hosting you on your next trip to Nashville. 

Xxxx
Joshua & Andrea
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a few hours
6 years hosting
100 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting