URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1704663495600079425
Latitude: 36.1508
Longitude: -86.77943
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 10
occupancy: 15
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Book two modern Hyve homes located down the hall from one other, giving your group the perfect balance of togetherness and privacy. Ideal for large families, friend groups, bachelor and bachelorette trips, and work retreats. Enjoy two private balcony spaces, stylish interiors, fully equipped kitchens, spacious living areas, and quick access to Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Germantown, and downtown Nashville.

The space
Welcome to your Nashville group retreat, where two neighboring condos come together to create the perfect setup for larger groups, families, friends, wedding parties, and business travelers. Located down the hall from one another, these homes allow everyone to stay close while still enjoying separate spaces for added comfort and privacy.

Together, the homes offer 6 bedrooms and 5 full bathrooms, providing plenty of room for groups to spread out. One home embraces a vibrant retro-inspired design, featuring bold colors, mid-century touches, statement décor, and an energetic atmosphere that feels uniquely Nashville. Across the way, the second home offers a sleek, modern aesthetic with upscale finishes, clean lines, and warm, inviting spaces designed for relaxation.

Both homes feature open-concept living areas that make gathering easy, whether you're sharing breakfast before exploring the city, hosting game night, or relaxing after a night on Broadway. Large windows throughout the homes bring in abundant natural light and showcase views of the surrounding city.

The bedroom layouts provide flexibility for a variety of group types. Comfortable beds, quality linens, and thoughtfully designed spaces ensure everyone has a place to recharge after a busy day. With a total of five full bathrooms across both homes, getting ready for dinner reservations, concerts, or events is simple and convenient.

One of the standout features of this combo listing is the access to two private outdoor spaces. The retro-inspired condo features a spacious wraparound balcony with room for the entire group to gather, while the modern condo offers its own private balcony with comfortable seating and skyline views. Whether you're enjoying morning coffee, sunset cocktails, or late-night conversations, you'll have multiple outdoor spaces to relax and connect.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements Unit 305
BEDROOM 1: 1 QUEEN BED WITH BALCONY ACCESS AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 2: 1 QUEEN BED
BEDROOM 3: 2 TWIN BEDS WITH 2 TWIN TRUNDLES
BEDROOM 4: 1 KING BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements Unit 308
BEDROOM 1: QUEEN BED WITH TWIN TRUNDLE
BEDROOM 2: 1 KING BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM

☕ Amenities Included in Your Stay
Both homes feature Humming Host's elevated essentials package, thoughtfully stocked to help you settle in and start enjoying your trip right away. You'll find locally sourced coffee at each coffee bar, basic kitchen staples including olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt, and pepper, as well as hand soap, dish soap, and shampoo, conditioner, and body wash dispensers. We've also stocked plenty of paper products, trash bags, laundry pods, and dishwasher pods in both homes, so you can spend less time shopping and more time enjoying Nashville.

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

📍 About Hyve
Hyve is a modern condo community on the edge of Downtown Nashville and The Gulch, situated in an urban setting across from a local Christian rescue mission. Enjoy amazing amenities:
★ Seasonal outdoor pool with cabanas
★ Fitness center open 24/7
★ Outdoor lounge spaces, gas grill, fire pits, ping pong
★ Secure on-site parking, and on-site security and concierge.
★ Complimentary luggage drop-off
★ On-site market offering a coffee station, ice, and convenient vending machines.

★★ Exclusive Hyve Guest Perks★★
As a guest at Hyve, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Hyve’s partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Check-in is simple with smart locks. Before your arrival, we’ll send detailed instructions with your door codes, directions to the unit, and any access info for shared amenities or parking. Please review these notes ahead of time to ensure a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
★Parking at Hyve★
One secured parking space per rented unit may be available in the private upper-level garage on a first-come, first-served basis. Parking is not guaranteed. Guests may park only in unreserved open spaces; spaces marked “Reserved” are for the assigned unit only. Garage access requires the Latch app, and the tiled panda artwork at the garage entrance confirms you are in the correct garage.

Please note that the private garage has a narrow exit, so SUVs or larger vehicles may be more comfortable using the public garage.

If the private garage is full or you have more than one vehicle, paid public parking is available in the lower garage at the bottom of the hill. Guests are responsible for all parking fees and fines. The standard rate is $40/day, and Hyve guests may receive 50% off using the QR code in the elevators or at the concierge desk.

EV chargers are available in both garages for an additional fee. Towing is strictly enforced, so please park only in designated spaces.

★Urban Location, Trains & Soundproofing★
Hyve is located in an active urban corridor between Downtown and The Gulch. Freight trains run directly behind the rear side of the building and may be heard during your stay. Units are soundproofed with triple-glazed windows to help reduce outside noise. For added comfort, sound machines and/or earplugs are provided.

Hyve is also on the same block as a local Christian rescue mission that serves homeless neighbors in need, so guests may notice typical city activity and foot traffic from people accessing nearby services. The building itself is secure-access, but the surrounding area is lively and mixed-use rather than a quiet suburban setting.

★Building Security & Access ★
Hyve is a secure-access building with controlled entry points and onsite overnight security. Common areas and hallways are monitored by security cameras, and guests access the property via digital access codes.

★Luggage Drop-off ★
Complimentary luggage storage is available with the Hyve concierge in the lobby from 9:30 AM – 5:30 PM, seven days a week. Pickup must occur before 5:30 PM. Service is first-come, first-served.

★Amenities & Building Facilities★
Guests have access to the building’s shared amenities and common areas. While we promptly notify the HOA or building management of any issues, we do not control the cleanliness, maintenance, repair, or availability of these shared spaces and cannot guarantee specific amenities will be available at all times.

★Smoke-Free Home & Community★
In accordance with building rules, smoking is not permitted inside the unit or any common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Supplies & Essentials★
We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.

★Families & Baby Gear★
Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play and baby gate (in homes with stairs) available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.

★Maintenance & Repairs★	
Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.

★Trash, Recycling & Cardboard★ 
A trash chute is located to the left of the elevators on every level; all trash must be bagged and securely tied before using the chute. Cardboard boxes and larger items should not go down the chute, please break them down and dispose of them in the designated dumpsters in the lower-level garage bins.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
My work: Humming Host’s CEO
Most useless skill: I can juggle
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2658 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting