URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1533380256041997574
Latitude: 36.12358029867704
Longitude: -86.77396845903455
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our luxurious retreat, Moody Melrose, located in the heart of Nashville's vibrant Berry Hill neighborhood. Just steps away from bars, restaurants, and Geodis Park, our meticulously crafted Airbnb promises an unforgettable stay. Boasting upscale amenities, a rooftop lounge, and a dark & moody interior design, Moody Melrose is a unique stay. Whether traveling with friends or family, Moody Melrose offers the perfect blend of convenience, comfort, and charm for your Nashville adventure.

The space
Welcome to our unique stay in Nashville!

STRP Permit Number: STRP Permit Number: #2025-10-31-685 

Moody Melrose features two bedrooms and 2.5 bathrooms, providing plenty of space and comfort for your group. Its thoughtful design creates a posh ambiance, making it perfect for a bachelor/bachelorette party or a weekend getaway with friends.

CONVENIENT LOCATION 
Venture out and easily access Nashville's famous attractions!

- Broadway - 9 Minute Drive
- 12 South - 3 Minute Drive
- Music Row - 9 Minute Drive
- East Nashville - 13 Minute Drive
- Geodis Park - 3 Minute Drive
- As well as walkable to numerous restaurants and bars - including Hattie B’s Hot Chicken, Pancho & Lefty’s Cantina, Maple Street Biscuit Co, Sinema, M.L. Rose Craft Beer and Burgers, First Watch, Melrose Billiard’s Parlor, Santa’s Pub and more!
- Conveniently located near multiple grocery stores, liquor stores, pharmacies, and more!

*Please note - Our Airbnb is walkable to numerous fun places! However, there are some hills to get to these locations. This may be difficult for someone with limited mobility. These places are all an easy car ride away!*

PRIVATE ROOFTOP PATIO LOUNGE
Step onto your private patio lounge, furnished with a cozy fire pit, perfect for intimate gatherings and late-night chats under the stars. Spend the evening playing outdoor games or watch your favorite show on the outdoor TV, all within the comfort of your exclusive retreat.

BEDROOMS
Our carefully designed bedrooms offer plush, comfortable bedding and all the conveniences of home! Each room is outfitted with black-out curtains, sound machines, standing fans, and more.

BATHROOMS
Each bedroom comes with an attached full bathroom. The primary one features an additional "getting ready" area equipped with a large makeup mirror and a towel warmer. Additionally, there's a beautifully designed powder room on the main living floor, which even includes a bidet!

FULLY STOCKED KITCHEN
Our kitchen is fully equipped with all the essentials for cooking. This includes a variety of spices, bakeware, a selection of pots and pans, and more!

COZY LIVING AREA AND DINING ROOM
Our open-concept living space encompasses the living room, dining room, and kitchen. The living room is highlighted by a beautiful electric fireplace and an elegant chandelier, creating a dark and moody ambiance. A 65-inch TV and soundbar ensure an optimal viewing experience.

DECKED OUT COFFEE BAR
We appreciate the value of a well-brewed coffee or a perfectly crafted drink. That's why we offer a fully stocked coffee bar with premium beans and brewing equipment to satisfy every coffee lover. This includes a Keurig, Nespresso, and drip coffee. Whether you enjoy a bold espresso or a creamy latte, indulge in your favorite coffee drinks at any time. 

COCKTAIL SUPPLIES
For guests looking to kickstart the evening, our property provides a selection of tools and fun glassware for crafting the perfect cocktail. Sip your favorite drinks as you prepare for a night out in Nashville, creating memories that will last a lifetime.

PARKING
At Moody Melrose, convenience is a priority. Free parking is available onsite in our private two-car garage for easy arrivals and departures. Free street parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis. 

We’d love to have you as our guest!

Whether you're looking for a lively city adventure or a peaceful retreat, Moody Melrose offers the ideal mix of style, comfort, and convenience for your Nashville journey. Book now and prepare for an unforgettable Music City experience!

Guest access
The property is an end-unit townhouse featuring a private rooftop patio. It spans across four levels, each accessible by a flight of stairs. The property also includes a private two-car garage with complimentary parking. Additional parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis in a gravel lot within the development.

There is a cleaning closet on the first floor that is locked with supplies.

Other things to note
OTHER DETAILS
Our property has two exterior security cameras: a SimpliSafe doorbell camera and a garage keypad camera. These cameras record both audio and visual footage upon detecting motion. They serve the purpose of ensuring that our cleaners and handymen have meticulously prepared the property for your stay!

PETS
We allow up to 3 dogs, 50 lb each, for $90 per dog per stay.
At the moment of booking, if you add your pets, the fee for each pet is included in your reservation total.
For more than 3 dogs, a dog over 50 lb, or any other type of animal, please send us an inquiry before booking and we'll approve on a case-by-case basis.

GUEST RENTAL AGREEMENT REQUIRED
Hi! We’re your welcoming hosts and can’t wait to host you.
This special home requires completion of a Guest Rental Agreement to receive Arrival Instructions.

A damage waiver is available for purchase, but not required.
Details of the Guest Rental Agreement can be found in the House Rules

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: James
Host User ID: 724342417
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/724342417
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 months hosting
51 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
10 months of hosting