URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/53142754
Latitude: 36.14605
Longitude: -86.78556
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to ’The Hub on 12th’

Such an Incredible location close to all the Nashville hot spots.
Hop in a 5 minute Uber to the downtown honky tonks or visit some of Nashville’s great Midtown & WestEnd local bars & eateries. Urban trendy Edgehill & The Gulch are both a short walk away. A few minutes further and you are in Hillsboro Village & The 12th S District. You are spoiled for choice with places to eat and be entertained!

The space
With a huge rooftop terrace overlooking the Nashville Skyline, A converted garage into a games room, 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms and designer finishes throughout, you’ll find this large property contains everything you need to have an incredible visit to Music City.

THERE IS NO PARKING AT THIS PROPERTY. STREET PARKING IS A SHORT WALK AWAY, LIMITED AND FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED, NOT GUARANTEED.

Here is a detailed description of the individual rooms and layout:

On the ground floor you have a large 2 car garage that has been converted to a games room featuring air hockey, ping pong, basketball shooter and hightop with flat screen TV. You will also find an ensuite bedroom outfitted a TV, 2 single beds and 2 additional  single bed trundles.

On the main level you are greeted by a spacious living room that nestles around a fireplace and is open to the kitchen and dining areas. Above the fireplace is a mounted flat screen TV and the kitchen features a spacious 4 person bar top, granite countertops, tiled backsplash, stainless steel appliances with gas cooktop along with all your expected cooking appliances can be found at your disposal.
Another ensuite bedroom and bathroom is located on this level with a queen bed, flat screen tv and walk-in closet.

The next floor has 2 large bedrooms with 2 full bathrooms and a laundry area. The master suite has a Queen sized bed, additional single day bed, mounted flat screen TV and an ensuite bathroom with double vanities and stand alone shower. The last bedroom on this floor has 2 queen size beds, featuring a large flat screen TV and spacious closet.
If you are staying for a while and need to do laundry while in town, then you'll be pleased to know we have a full laundry room with detergent provided!

Then there’s the feature of the property located at its pinnacle. The rooftop terrace is an incredible place to hang out. Plenty of seating for all of your group with ambient fairy lighting draped above you and a plethora of games to play such as giant connect 4 and corn hole! You’ll find this to be the perfect place to relax with friends.

We hope you enjoy your stay with us and choose to visit time and time again.

Here is a list of top Nashville attractions and their approximate Uber/Drive time:

2-5 Mins:
Edgehill - Lots of Bars and Restaurants.
12th South District - Lots of Bars, Restaurants and Boutiques.
Hillsboro Village - Lots of Bars, Restaurants, Shops, Breweries, Theater etc.
The Gulch - Lots of Bars, Restaurants, Shops etc.
Belmont & Vanderbilt University Campus’
The Fairgrounds Super Speed Way
The new Nashville SC Soccer Stadium

5-10 Mins:
Broadway (Honky Tonk Central)
Top Golf
Nissan Stadium (Home of The Tennessee Titans)
Centennial Park - Parthenon
Bridgestone Arena (Home of The Nashville predators)
The Ascend Amphitheater (Outdoor Events Arena by The River)
The Ryman Auditorium
Vanderbilt Stadium

10-15 Mins:
First Tennessee Park (Home of The Nashville Sounds Baseball Team)
Nashville Airport (BNA)

20-25 Mins:
The Gaylord Opryland Hotel & The Grand Ole Opry
Old Hickory Lake - Various Marinas
Percy Priest Lake - Various Marinas

There are also many great places you can walk to from this location.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonny
Host User ID: 24007959
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24007959
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
British immigrant!
Realtor in Nashville since 2005.
Love Sports, Outdoors, Family & Friends
Christian
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5855 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting