URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/955265783076209013
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Downtown Nashville just steps from Broadway in this stylish 1BR retreat. Perfect for couples, solo travelers, and weekend getaways, this top-floor apartment features a queen suite, sofa sleeper, gourmet kitchen, Smart TV, and access to premium amenities including a pool, sky lounge, fitness center, and courtyard. Walk to live music, Bridgestone Arena, the Country Music Hall of Fame, restaurants, and Nashville's top attractions.

The space
Stylish Downtown Nashville Retreat

Welcome to your Music City getaway in the heart of SoBro, just steps from Broadway and Nashville's iconic entertainment district. This thoughtfully designed top-floor apartment combines comfort, convenience, and unbeatable walkability.

Sleeping Arrangements

🛏️ Bedroom

Queen bed
Private en-suite bathroom

🛋️ Living Room

Comfortable sofa sleeper

👥 Ideal for couples, friends, solo travelers, and weekend getaways

Apartment Features

📺 Smart TV for streaming and entertainment

🍳 Gourmet kitchen with stainless steel appliances

✨ Quartz countertops and oversized kitchen island

☕ Fully stocked with cookware, dishes, and kitchen essentials

🛋️ Comfortable living area with high ceilings and relaxing décor

📶 High-speed WiFi

Luxury Building Amenities

🏊 Outdoor swimming pool

💪 Two-level fitness center

🧘 Yoga studio

🧗 Climbing wall

🌇 Sky lounge with city views

🔥 Fire pits and grilling areas

🌳 Courtyard gathering spaces

🏢 The Collective co-working and lounge area

🛎️ On-site concierge, maintenance, and security

Parking

🚗 One reserved parking space available for $35/night

Additional paid public parking options are available nearby.

Permit #2018062990

Guest access
Guests will have full private access to the apartment and shared access to the building's amenities.

The property utilizes the LATCH access system for secure entry. Prior to arrival, instructions will be provided for accessing the apartment, building entrances, elevators, stairwells, parking garage, and amenities.

If you arrive before check-in or depart after check-out and require luggage storage, Baggage Bellhop is available onsite daily from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM.

Please note that due to the property's downtown location, occasional city noise, public events, nearby construction, or temporary amenity closures may occur.

Other things to note
Please note that building amenities such as the pool, fitness center, elevators, and common areas are managed by the building and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance or unforeseen circumstances. Refunds cannot be provided for temporary amenity closures.

Important Building Policies:

🚭 No smoking or vaping anywhere on the property.

🍹 No glass containers permitted in pool areas.

🔇 Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM – 7:00 AM.

🏊 Pool Hours: 10:00 AM – 8:00 PM.

🐾 No pets allowed.

🅿️ Lost or unreturned parking passes may incur replacement fees.

📹 Security cameras are located in common areas including the courtyard, parking areas, The Collective, lobby, sky lounge, and pool.

🏢 Building amenities and common spaces are shared with other residents and guests.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Leah
Host User ID: 180985588
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/180985588
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! I am so excited to host you and am passionate about creating a 5-star experience during your stay. I've been in Nashville about 4 years and fell in love with the city. I'd love to give you recommendations on places to eat or things to do, just let me know!
Born in the 90s
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
960 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting