URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1663814468006309351
Latitude: 36.19465
Longitude: -86.76443
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Bloom House & Cosmic Cowgirl by AvantStay. Two boldly styled units in East Nashville, sleeping 17 across six bedrooms — built for groups who want space, style, and a rooftop with skyline views to match.

🏠 2 units, same complex | 6 bedrooms, sleeps 17
🏙️ Shared rooftop lounge with Nashville skyline views
💪 Private gym with Peloton + Echelon mirror
🍳 Two fully equipped kitchens for easy group meals
📍 East Nashville — minutes from Broadway & local hotspots

The space
Welcome to The Bloom House & Cosmic Cowgirl by AvantStay! These two homes are located just a short distance from one another, offering a combined total of 6 bedrooms and sleeping up to 17 guests—an ideal option for family trips, bachelorette groups, or friends traveling together who want both togetherness and space.

Set in vibrant Nashville neighborhoods just minutes from downtown, this pairing gives you the best of both worlds: easy access to Broadway’s iconic honky-tonks, East Nashville’s trendy restaurants and coffee shops, and local hotspots like Germantown and the Cumberland Riverfront. Spend your days exploring live music venues, boutique shopping, and buzzing nightlife, then return home to two uniquely styled retreats—each offering its own personality and amenities, from skyline views to a private fitness setup.

The Bloom House welcomes you with bold design and colorful, art-forward interiors that instantly energize your stay. The open living space is perfect for gathering, featuring plush seating and eclectic décor that sets the tone for laid-back hangs or pre-night-out fun. The fully equipped kitchen makes group meals easy, while the dining area invites everyone to come together. Wellness enthusiasts will love the on-site gym, complete with a Peloton bike and interactive Echelon mirror. With four thoughtfully designed bedrooms—including a king suite, multiple queen rooms, a double-bed room, and a bunk room—plus two full bathrooms, this home comfortably accommodates larger groups with ease.

Cosmic Cowgirl delivers a playful, unforgettable vibe with its mix of western flair and cosmic-inspired design. Inside, you’ll find a cozy yet stylish living area with a statement pink pull-out sofa, a fully equipped kitchen for easy meals, and two inviting bedrooms—each with a queen bed and private ensuite bathroom. The real highlight awaits upstairs at the rooftop lounge, where sweeping Nashville skyline views create the perfect backdrop for morning coffee, sunset drinks, or late-night conversations. Sleeping up to 5 guests, this home is a fun and flexible complement to your group’s stay.

Together, these homes create a dynamic Nashville experience—offering bold style, thoughtful amenities, and plenty of room for your group to relax, recharge, and celebrate in true Music City fashion.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths: 
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- A pack and play and high chair are available upon request. (Cosmic Cowgirl)
- Neither unit has a designated dining room or dining table. The Bloom House has 5 kitchen-bar stools and Cosmic Cowgirl has 4 kitchen-bar stools. Additional seating is available in the living areas, but there is no single dining table or dining space that seats 11 guests together.

Parking Details:
- Parking is available in an open, unassigned lot on a first-come, first-served basis. There is no set limit on the number of vehicles per reservation.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit - Unit 101: 2025/06/9741
STR Permit - Unit 102: 2024/07/7087

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6912 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting