URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/40140223
Latitude: 36.2764
Longitude: -86.7858
rental_type: Private room in guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
We are a 2nd story luxuriously appointed bedroom suite with tree top views of a surrounding forest filled with wildlife. Just 11 miles North of downtown Nashville & easily accessible to major highways. Perfect for a relaxing or romantic getaway. Enjoy two private decks, jetted tub, fireplace, massage chair & 1500sf of sophisticated space full of natural light. Our outdoor swing bed will have you feeling as if you're up in a tree. If you’re looking for the "WOW" Factor, look no further!!

The space
"Spacious" is a polite word for how big this room is!

Enjoy a peaceful spot on one of our private outdoor decks, listen to the birds and squirrels as they chirp during the day, and look out at all of the valley lights below that resemble stars by night. Give yourself a break from it all at The Tree Top View Suite.

The suite entrance is separated from the rest of the house by a floor to ceiling wall partition on the 1st floor.  Once you ascend to the 2nd floor, you'll come into your own little world.  The room is romantic and welcoming with a king size bed topped with decorative throw pillows making it comfy and inviting.  We love how the afternoon sun streams into the room, adding a warm glow and turning the dark wood floor into a chestnut color.

Locally, we’re fifteen minutes from downtown Nashville with all of its offerings of Honky Tonks, music concerts, sporting events, shopping, dining, museums and cultural events.  We make an excellent home base for guests wanting to take in a variety of activities in and around the Nashville area; including The Opry, just 10 minutes away using Briley Pkwy (155 East).

Need some time to recharge?  Consider staying in for a night, enjoy a soak in the tub or relax those aching muscles by turning on the jets, listen to night sounds on our outdoor swing bed, grab something to read and recline in front of the fireplace, knead & roll your worries away in our massage chair, or cover up with a plush throw and watch a Netflix movie using your login and our 50” LG hi-def Smart TV with BOSE sound bar. 

Ladies will enjoy getting ready for a night out in the dressing room equipped with a full-length mirror, vanity with hairdryer and makeup light to ensure a flawless look.

The coffee bar is stocked and with hot water from the Keurig machine, you can fix yourself a quick pick-me-up any time of the day or night. We have a mini fridge, small ice maker, toaster, and microwave, with dishware for warming up your leftover goodies.

It’s not unusual to spot birds, turkeys and deer on the property.

We offer a large parking space with motion lighting for your safety.  Be aware, there are steps leading up to the outside entrance and up to your room, but we're happy to help carry your bags if needed.

Our goal is to make our guests as comfortable as possible so that staying at the Tree Top View Suite will be one of the best parts of your trip!

Unless prior arrangements have been made, Check-out time is 11am.

Our cleaning fee is currently included in our pricing. We go above and beyond Airbnb’s advanced cleaning protocols. We also have mattress and pillow protectors, removable throw pillow covers, and wash all bathmats, towels, robes, sheets, blankets, and comforters after each guest with laundry detergent and laundry sanitizer. At your advanced request, we can also use a whole room disinfectant fogger machine to make you feel safe and comfortable during your stay with us.  

NEW:  Is another couple travelling with you on this trip? We have a 2nd private bedroom & bathroom, that is completely separated from the main suite, to accommodate travelling companions. If you’re interested in utilizing the 2nd suite, please send us a message so we can provide the additional rate and secure the additional space on your reservation. Questions? Send us an inquiry : )

Contact us through Airbnb for any questions…
We'd love to host your visit to Nashville!

Guest access
Guests have access to a parking space, entrance door, foyer on 1st floor and entire 2nd floor.  Other than the driveway, NO space is visibly shared with hosts (or other included guests, unless desired) during your stay.

Other things to note
The foyer entrance on the 1st floor of our home is separated by a floor to ceiling wall partition, giving you a semi-private entrance as you come inside. You may hear us as you enter the space, but you won't see us. The entrance to your suite is on the 2nd floor and totally private. 
There is a kitchenette in the main suite, NOT a full kitchen. 
We love animals, however, due to our allergies, the allergies of future guests, and to keep our suite in pristine condition for you, we have a NO pet policy. We have the right to decline the presence of emotional support animals from a stay and to ask certain information regarding service animals. If this concerns you, please reach out with further questions.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Maxine
Host User ID: 309820040
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/309820040
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Scott & I are retired and have been married for 26 years. Our suite has been designed with you in mind and is yours alone when you visit.  We give our visitors complete privacy, although, you will receive a friendly hello and/or polite conversation if you happen upon us in the driveway or yard.  We feel good when we make you happy and we look forward to hosting your next vacation!
My work: home. Retired Software Consultant.
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
128 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting