URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1536383518314719495
Latitude: 36.1683
Longitude: -86.7594
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Historic East Nashville Sanctuary! 

Experience the magic of Music City in this breathtaking Restored Historic Church!  Located in the vibrant heart of East Nashville, this stylish 1BR condo blends original 19th-century charm with modern luxury. Sleeps 4 with an open-loft layout, full kitchen, and high-speed WiFi. Just minutes to Five Points and a quick Uber to Broadway! Includes free street parking. Service animals welcome. Your unforgettable Nashville getaway starts here! 🤠✨

The space
Welcome to The Sanctuary at East Nashville! 🎻

Elevate your Nashville getaway by staying in a true piece of local history. Perfectly positioned in the creative heart of East Nashville, this beautifully restored historic church has been transformed into a modern, stylish condo. Whether you're here for a romantic weekend, a solo creative retreat, or simply craving an authentic local experience away from the generic downtown hotels, this home delivers a peaceful, inspiring vibe from the moment you walk through the door.

💎 The East Nash Advantage:

Historic Charm Meets Modern Luxury: This isn't just a place to sleep; it's an architectural experience. Enjoy the soul and character of a historic building seamlessly upgraded with brand-new, high-end amenities, A/C, and fast WiFi.

The Perfect Location: You are tucked away in a welcoming, walkable neighborhood on Shelby Ave, giving you a quiet night's sleep while keeping you just minutes away from the city's best live music and dining.

The Open-Loft Vibe: The condo features a bright, airy, open-concept layout (please note: the bedroom flows openly into the common space without a dividing door), creating a spacious and connected atmosphere.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown (Sleeps 4):

Bedroom Area: 1 Plush Queen Bed 👑 (Your peaceful, open-concept retreat)

Living Room: 1 Comfortable Sleeper Sofa 🛋️ (Perfect for extra guests)

Bathroom: 1 Full Bathroom with modern fixtures 🚿

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Check-In:
We utilize a flawless standard operating procedure to ensure zero check-in friction so your vacation starts the second you arrive.

Digital Keyless Entry: No physical keys to worry about. You get a unique, secure keypad code so you can come and go with ease.

Contactless & Effortless: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—perfect for late-night flights.

Free Street Parking: Easy, free parking is readily available right on Shelby Avenue.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

Graze Nashville (Nearby): A massive local favorite for incredible plant-based breakfast burritos and hot tempeh sandwiches—perfect for energizing your morning. 🌿

The Wild Cow: An absolute staple in East Nashville for hearty vegetarian comfort food. Their loaded nachos are legendary!

Five Points (5 min drive): The epicenter of East Nashville's culinary and bar scene. Grab a slice at Five Points Pizza!

Broadway (5-7 min drive): A lightning-fast Uber ride straight into the heart of the neon lights and Honky Tonks. 👢

Pristine Environment: Our strict, smoke-free policy ensures the property always smells immaculate and fresh for your arrival.

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a strictly pet-free environment to ensure a pristine, allergy-free space for all guests. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We warmly welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Amenities
✅ Hair dryer
✅ Hangers
✅ Iron
✅ TV/cable
✅ WiFi
✅ Air conditioning
✅ Heating
✅ Smoke alarm
✅ Exterior security cameras
✅ Fridge
✅ Microwave
✅ Dishwasher
✅ Stove & oven
✅ Coffee maker
✅ Dishes and utensils
✅ Free street parking
✅ Self check-in with keypad

Guest access
You’ll have the entire condo to yourself during your stay.

Other things to note
Street parking is available along Shelby Avenue and is usually easy to find.
Please note that the bedroom does not have a door separating it from the common space.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mike
Host User ID: 152189800
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/152189800
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
5 months hosting