"The Dolly House on Music Row" is the Ultimate Group Destination in Nashville!

This unique Dolly inspired property, consists of 4 bedrooms and sleeps up to 12 guests! It's located directly on MUSIC ROW, surrounded by Country Music's top recording studios and walking distance to dozens of bars and restaurants!

Experience Nashville in an unforgettable way!!

Gated Parking + Mimosa Bar + Walkable and Historic Location + 3 Makeup Stations + More!

The space
Step off of Music Row into your perfect Bachelorette / Group Retreat!

Enter the front door where you'll find "Dolly's Bubbly Bus and Champagne Bar."  Snag a group photo under the "Broadway Girls" neon sign before walking into "Dolly's Disco Room," equipped with a fully operating disco ball to set the tone for your memorable experience in Music City!

Each bedroom has a story inspired by The Queen of Country herself.  You're going to have a hard time deciding which room you want to claim!

Layout:

"The Dolly Suite" • King bed with makeup station
"The Wildflower" • Three Queen beds with double makeup station
"The 9 to 5" • Two Queen beds
"The Jolene" • Queen bed with custom mural/neon sign

Follow the rainbow through the first floor and you'll find two full bathrooms and small but unique kitchen equipped with everything that you'll need to cook a quick meal!

Exit out of the back door to the gated parking area.

Perks:

▶︎ A+++ Walkable Location
▶︎ Champagne / Mimosa Bar
▶︎ Makeup Stations in (almost) every bedroom
▶︎ 3 Outdoor areas 
▶︎ Free  gated parking (5 gated spaces + 3 in alley)
▶︎ Coffee + Creamer + Sugar provided
▶︎ Hi-speed Internet
▶︎ Washer + Dryer available for use
▶︎ Soft, clean linens for each bed
▶︎ Fresh towels, shampoo, body wash and hair dryer provided
▶︎ 5 minute uber to Broadway hotspots

STR Permit # is listed in photo caption

Guest access
Guests will have access to the downstairs unit.  There is another Airbnb upstairs that shares the gated parking and common area.

Other things to note
If you have a larger group and would like to book this unit plus the 3 bedroom unit upstairs, please find the "combo" listing on our account!

We have a partnership with Nashville's #1 Bachelorette Planning company, Bach Babes.  Let us know if you would like more information about their services!