URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1255037515661267228
Latitude: 36.147
Longitude: -86.8166
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 7
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our Honky Tonk Heaven.  Our 2 bedroom 2 bathroom condo is located in the lively Midtown Nashville neighborhood near Centennial park and easily accessible to enumerable activities including Broadway, music row and Vanderbilt. This exquisite home is part of the recently constructed Odyssey at the Park condominium complex.  Enjoy a new unit that was professionally decorated with high-end furniture and amenities. Immerse yourself in the charm of Music City as soon as you step in.

The space
Highlights:
Prime Location in the Broadway/West End Area (Walk to Vanderbilt University)
Uber to Broadway 10min
Free Parking Garage (1 car allowed)
On-Site Gym
Pool (Seasonal: End of May to Mid-September)
Gas Grill poolside
Fiber Wi-Fi
Primary King En-Suite Bedroom
Queen En-Suite Bedroom 
Queen Sofa-Bed
Twin XL cot-Bed
2 Full Bathrooms
Blackout Shades
Fully stocked kitchen
In-Unit full size stackable Washer/dryer Drip-Pot Coffee Maker
DreamCloud Mattresses
Luxury Linens

Are you ready to experience the ultimate Nashville getaway?  Introducing our classic Honky Tonk Heaven condo.  Before our Airbnb listing, we were previously managed by Good Night Stay where our reviews were 5 star.  We are proud to offer a more customized experience with the same upscale style and comfort. 

Our condo was Professionally decorated in 2023 with high end furnishings from Pottery Barn, West Elm, Restoration Hardware, and more.  Our goal is for your get-away to be exciting and adventurous, but to also have the comforts of home. 

Prepare to embrace the Musical theme that Nashville is captured in our unit with paintings from the country scene throughout, a metal guitar and guide books for your travel plans.  We have luxury linens, ceiling fans and blackout blinds in both bedrooms for a restful night's sleep.  Our furniture is sophisticated yet cozy and boast an industrial decorative theme. 

Located just blocks from Vanderbilt University, the Odyssey complex is surrounded by an abundance of restaurants, shops, and attractions, ensuring you'll never have a dull moment during your stay. Plus, convenience and comfort are always at your fingertips with a free 2-level on-site parking garage and a state-of-the-art gym.

You’ll find lounge chairs, a fire-pit, and a Weber grill at the pool.  Please plan to bring beach towels, sunscreen and accessories for your pool day. 

Features & Stocked Amenities:
• Prime Location in the Broadway/West End Corridor
• Highly Walkable Location
• Private 2-Level Parking Garage
• On-Site Gym
• Pool (Seasonal: End of May to Mid-September)
• Free Fiber Wi-Fi
• Primary King En-Suite Bedroom
• Queen Bedroom En-suite Bedroom with door to living room for jack-n-jill feature.
* Queen sofa sleeper in the LR
* Twin XL cot-single bed
• Fully Stocked Kitchen
• Drip-Pot Coffee Maker w/filters
• Starter Selection of Coffee, Tea Bags, Sugar Packets & Mini Flavored Creamers
• DreamCloud Mattresses
• All-Season Duvet Inserts
• Woven Brand Sheets
• Clothes iron and ironing board
• Ceramic Hairdryer (x2)

Distance to Nearby Landmarks:
Centennial Park / The Parthenon - 0.3 mi (6 min walk)
Vanderbilt University - 0.7 mi (14 min walk)
Belmont University - 1.6 mi
Whole Foods Market - 1.7 mi
Publix Super Market - 2.1 mi
Trader Joe's - 2.3 mi
Music City Center Convention Center - 2.5 mi
Broadway / Honky Tonk Row - 2.6 mi
Bridgestone Arena - 2.6 mi
The Gulch - 2.6 mi
Ryman Auditorium - 2.8 mi
Country Music Hall of Fame & Museum - 2.9 mi
Nissan Stadium (Titans Stadium) - 3.8 mi
Geodis Park - 5.6 mi
Nashville International Airport - 9.1 mi
Grand Ole Opry - 13.9 mi

Nearby Favorites:
Titos Mexican-in the building
J Alexander's Restaurant - 0.4 mi
Midtown Cafe - 1.4 mi (*awarded restaurant with shuttle service to/from Symphony, TPAC, Bridgestone & Ryman)
Winners Bar & Grill - 1.5 mi
Zanies Comedy Night Club - 2.7 mi
Listening Room Cafe - 3.5 mi

IMPORTANT THINGS TO NOTE:
***Check-in instructions and door codes are sent at 11 AM local time on the day of arrival. Codes will be sent via Airbnb: APP/inbox and/or via the email address provided on the reservation. Codes are not active outside of the reservation period; your code will not work before your check-in time and will deactivate at checkout.

***We are almost always booked back to back, and rarely able to accommodate early check-in requests.

EARLY CHECK-IN / ADJUSTMENT REQUESTS:

If you hope to arrive/check-in before 3pm local time, you will need to include the prior night in your reservation. We recommend doing this at booking to guarantee availability and access at your preferred time. Otherwise, you can wait until 5 days before arrival to inquire if a discounted add-on rate is available at that time.

Please hold all other requests for early check-in until 24 hours before your arrival date; we will not know our final booking/cleaning/maintenance schedule until then.

Please remember, check-in times are posted before booking. Adjustments are a courtesy that should not be expected; they require scheduling changes, 2 cleaners being added to jobs, and the prior night being blocked from other travelers--all of which incur additional expenses for our small team, while also caring for multiple rentals within very tight turnaround windows. We simply cannot physically accommodate all requests or last-minute requests, and we graciously ask that we be reviewed fairly on the accommodations and policies that were provided before booking.

Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate late checkouts whatsoever. Nashville is not a weekends-only destination and we must maintain our calendar availability. Discounted add-on rates may be requested for a checkout extension 5 days before checkout.

***We do not allow luggage drop-off. Several great local companies are available to assist with your bags and transportation needs, leaving you free to explore! Information on secure luggage storage, transportation services, discounts, and more are provided at booking or by request.

***Our home is not "Child-Proofed". We ask that you please be mindful of breakables, furnishings, art, and other items or areas that may not be suitable for unattended children. We do not supply baby gear, travel cribs, or other children's items. A local business, BabyQuip, is licensed and insured to provide rentals of these types of items.

***Stairs may be required if the elevator is unusable in an emergency.

FAQ:

Q: WHAT TIME IS CHECK-IN & CHECK-OUT?

A: Check-in is any time after 3:00 PM. Check-out is at 11:00 AM. Your secure lock code will be sent to you at 11:00 AM on the day of arrival. This will allow you to check yourself into the property (contactless entry) anytime after your code becomes active. Note: codes are not active until your check-in time, and deactivate shortly after check-out.

Q: WHAT IF I MAY NEED TO CANCEL?

A: We're not a big hotel or faceless corporation; we aim to be as flexible as possible with our guests while also balancing the fact that this is a business and our livelihood. Thus, when establishing our cancellation policies, we chose what we feel is a fair balance for everyone. We ask that you review the policy selected for your reservation and strongly advise protecting your trip with Travel Insurance.

We are not responsible for travel delays, flight/event cancellations, weather, or other trip interruptions and cannot adjust rates or arrival/departure times due to any such issues that may arise. No refunds for shortened stays or no-shows. Travel insurance is highly recommended and offered at booking.

Q: CAN I GET A DISCOUNT?

A: Discounts are available for pre & post-night add-on dates within 5 days of the stay, subject to availability, and for stays of 7 days or longer. Enter your dates and the discount scale will be applied automatically in the line-item breakdown. We keep our prices fair and competitive upfront; unfortunately, no further discounts are available.
Guest access
Guests have access to the entire space except for a locked housekeeping closet by the front door.

Guest access
Check-in instructions and door codes are sent at 11 AM local time on the day of arrival. Codes will be sent via booking site APP/inbox and/or via the email address provided on the reservation. Codes are not active outside of the reservation period; your code will not work before your check-in time and will deactivate at checkout.

We are almost always booked back to back, and rarely able to accommodate early check-in requests.

EARLY CHECK-IN / ADJUSTMENT REQUESTS:

If you hope to arrive/check-in before 3pm local time, you will need to include the prior night in your reservation. We recommend doing this at booking to guarantee availability and access at your preferred time. Otherwise, you can wait until 5 days before arrival to inquire if a discounted add-on rate is available at that time.

Please hold all other requests for early check-in until 24 hours before your arrival date; we will not know our final booking/cleaning/maintenance schedule until then.

Please remember, check-in times are posted before booking. Adjustments are a courtesy that should not be expected; they require scheduling changes, 2 cleaners being added to jobs, and the prior night being blocked from other travelers--all of which incur additional expenses for our small team, while also caring for multiple rentals within very tight turnaround windows. We simply cannot physically accommodate all requests or last-minute requests, and we graciously ask that we be reviewed fairly on the accommodations and policies that were provided before booking.

Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate late checkouts whatsoever. Nashville is not a weekends-only destination and we must maintain our calendar availability. Discounted add-on rates may be requested for a checkout extension 5 days before checkout.

We do not allow luggage drop-off. Several great local companies are available to assist with your bags and transportation needs, leaving you free to explore! 

Our home is not "Child-Proofed". We ask that you please be mindful of breakables, furnishings, art, and other items or areas that may not be suitable for unattended children. We do not supply baby gear, travel cribs, or other children's items. A local business, BabyQuip, is licensed and insured to provide rentals of these types of items.

Stairs may be required if the elevator is unusable in an emergency.

FAQ:

Q: WHAT TIME IS CHECK-IN & CHECK-OUT?

A: Check-in is any time after 3:00 PM. Check-out is at 11:00 AM. Your secure lock code will be sent to you at 11:00 AM on the day of arrival. This will allow you to check yourself into the property (contactless entry) anytime after your code becomes active. Note: codes are not active until your check-in time, and deactivate shortly after check-out.

Q: WHAT IF I MAY NEED TO CANCEL?

A: We're not a big hotel or faceless corporation; we aim to be as flexible as possible with our guests while also balancing the fact that this is a business and our livelihood. Thus, when establishing our cancellation policies, we chose what we feel is a fair balance for everyone. We ask that you review the policy selected for your reservation and strongly advise protecting your trip with Travel Insurance.

We are not responsible for travel delays, flight/event cancellations, weather, or other trip interruptions and cannot adjust rates or arrival/departure times due to any such issues that may arise. No refunds for shortened stays or no-shows. Travel insurance is highly recommended.

Guests have access to the entire space except for a locked housekeeping closet by the front door.

Other things to note
Must be 25 years or older to rent our home. The owner requests that you respect our condo and the condominium complex.  We do not allow parties and group gatherings for more than the number of guests on the reservation.  If there is a noise complaint from other guests in the building, we reserve the right to request a resolution. If we do receive a complaint from another guest or owner in the building about your group being unruly or loud, especially outside of the quiet hours listed below, we will contact you and expect the request of noise reduction to be accommodated.  

*NOISE ORDINANCE RULES FROM THE ODYSSEY:*
Guests may not - play loud music, host a party inside the condo, host outdoor activities by the pool or invite additional non-approved guests. These violations are prohibited and strictly enforced, as ALL NOISE must remain indoors and at a reasonable level between 10PM-8AM. ANY SORT OF VIOLATION will result in BREACH OF CONTRACT and your reservation will be CANCELLED WITHOUT REFUND, and guest will be evicted immediately. Please be mindful and respectful of these rules. Thank you!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lana
Host User ID: 38916192
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/38916192
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English
Lives in Alpharetta, Georgia
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
105 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting