URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1657429891320932128
Latitude: 36.1555
Longitude: -86.7687
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Introducing The Henrie House! A historic home located in the Rutledge Hill area! A moody retreat just steps from Downtown Broadway. This beautifully restored home blends old-world charm with rich colors, vintage flare, and elevated design. Our home features modern amenities while preserving its original character from 1895!

☆ FREE ample parking space (Can fit 6 cars)
☆ Washer & Dryer
☆ FREE Wifi
☆ Walkable to Downtown Broadway
☆ Luxury kitchen hardware
☆ Uncovered Patio
☆ Vintage elements

The space
Planning a bachelorette weekend, birthday celebration, girls’ trip, content shoot, or special event? You’re welcome here! This home was made for gathering, celebrating, and making unforgettable Nashville memories. We love hosting groups who want to enjoy the space, bring their own style, and make the most of their stay. From getting ready together before a night out to capturing the perfect content and celebrating milestones along the way.

We’re all about good vibes, great memories, and celebrating together while still being respectful of the home and its surroundings. Think champagne toasts, themed dinners, glam sessions, photo shoots, and getting the whole group together before heading out to experience Nashville.

As you enter the front door, you are welcomed into a series of living areas that are designed for all types of gatherings! Make yourself at home in the front living area with a smart TV, floor to ceiling windows, and plenty of seating space. 

The dining room sits just behind the front living space with a wooden table and chairs to seat your entire party. 

The second living area features a built-in bookshelf, floor to ceiling, with reading material, a record player and our favorite vinyls. 

Tucked in the back of the home is our spacious kitchen suited for meals of any kind! The custom tiling blends seamlessly with rich finishes, cool toned colors, and vintage flare. The washer & dryer sits to the left. The back patio is accessible through the kitchen as well as the back parking area. 

Free parking is conveniently located behind the home, making arrivals and departures simple!
Head upstairs to find four bedrooms, offering privacy and separation from the main living spaces. 

BEDROOMS: 
Bedroom 1 - Queen Bed
Bedroom 2 (201) - King bed & Ensuite bathroom #1 with a shower, toilet and 2 sinks 
Bedroom 3 (202) - Queen Bed & Ensuite bathroom #2 / Jack & Jill sinks
Bedroom 4 (203) - King bed 

BATHROOMS:
Bathroom 1 - Ensuite to room 201
Bathroom 2 - Ensuite to room 202
Bathroom 3 - Half bath downstairs
Bathroom 4 - Upstairs, with shower, clawfoot tub and Jack & Jill sink

**Please note that our home was originally built in 1859 and proudly carries the charm and character of its history. While we work hard to ensure a clean, comfortable, and enjoyable stay, we want guests to appreciate that this is not a modern new-build, but rather a unique piece of history with timeless character!**
 
Home Amenities:
☆ Free ample private parking spaces (Can fit 6 cars)
☆ Uncovered Patio area
☆ Smart TV & WiFi
☆ Claw-foot tub
☆ In-unit washer & dryer
☆ Iron/Iron Board 
☆ Record Player & vinyl
☆ Marshall brand music speaker
☆ Beautiful custom tile work
☆ Reading material
☆ Luxury Furnishings & Décor throughout the unit
☆ Central AC and Heat 
☆ Original fireplace from 1895
☆ Gorgeous chandeliers
☆ Ample dining & gathering space
☆ Vintage elements throughout 
☆ Eclectic wallpaper
☆ Floor to ceiling drapery

Guest access
You'll have full access to the entire home during your stay! We are a 100% local team available 24/7 for anything you might need during your stay!

👶 Traveling with Little Ones?
Please note this home is not baby-proofed.

Other things to note
→ NO PARTIES PERMITTED: While our home is a perfect gathering spot, this is for up to strictly 10 people maximum. Any occupancy violation will result in immediate termination of the stay and additional fees will be charged. 
→ Our team is available and on-call 24/7 for any emergency that may arise. Please reach out to our team directly if you need anything!  
→ No Saturday arrival or departures are allowed. Minimum night stays may fluctuate with certain events and holidays. 
→ Our quiet hours are 10 pm to 8 am. Please respect your noise levels. We have neighbors and ask that you be respectful of our home and theirs.
→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate of other guests, we cannot guarantee that early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.
→ After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team wih a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival, if booking same day, you may call our team as soon as you've booked.

Registration Details
2023060196

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: UrbanNashville
Host User ID: 6855810
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6855810
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We are UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals. We're a small, locally owned management company. We pride ourselves in providing the best rental experience for you while you visit Music City! 

Our properties are located all over popular areas of Nashville. We have a spot for every traveller.

If you need any recommendations for the best places to check out, let us know! The chances are good that we have been there, and tried that. We look forward to hosting you

- Paige, Jordan & Adisson
My work: Nashville Enthusiast
Most useless skill: Junk journaling my travels
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
14236 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting