URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1081966340783949602
Latitude: 36.3787
Longitude: -86.4439
rental_type: Private room in home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Gallatin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Our Cozy Cottage Room Retreat,   (I welcome Travel Nurses 30 days 1 wk. free+laundry)
Nestled in the heart of Gallatin. A charming 1802 Southern town, our cottage offers history/comfort/convenience.  It's rich history and small-town warmth is a perfect stay.
 On a quaint street with old and new, the cottage is a testament to the town's ongoing revitalization. A minute from the square, this 75 yr. old cottage has been lovingly refurbished to combine modern comfort with historic charm.

The space
Relax in this private entrance, one-bedroom, one-bath guest suite in Gallatin, Tennessee.I deeply value your privacy and comfort during your stay. While you're here, you might catch a glimpse of me and my friendly Shih Tzu, Mercy, enjoying the garden, soaking up some sunshine, or heading out for the day. Mercy is usually quiet, though she may alert us to deliveries or guests arriving. Rest assured, I ensure she remains calm and quiet in my presence. Our space  can be perfect if you are a writer needing some different inspiration or  finding grandma's house a bit too crowded or if you're simply in need of a peaceful night's sleep before your next day's adventures. To make your stay more enjoyable, we offer a selection of books  and a sound machine to help you unwind. A headboard wedge pillow ( under bed) and chair with bed table available for work. USB and extra outlets are built into the nightstands. Please note, our Airbnb has a mini fridge and a mini microwave for drinks or leftovers and snacks but you still won't have to go far to find other delicious options. Just a minute's walk away is a delightful Mexican restaurant for when you prefer not to drive. Or, within a minute's drive, explore a variety of dining experiences including Jonathan's Grill, Japan House, and more. For a quick bite, don't miss the charming Mexican food truck located just before the square. We've also compiled a list of other restaurants and local attractions in this app and in your room for your convenience.  If it is of interest to you, I lean on the side of organic laundry detergent, cleaning products and toiletries. I  take cleanliness seriously and have an exterminator who uses as organic methods as possible to keep our space bug-free, a rarity in the South.Parking  is a bit tight, but manageable. We've included a photo to guide and help you park in front of the designated sign, ensuring there's enough room for others to pass by. Larger vehicles have to be more concise. Please be aware that while we love pets, our space cannot accommodate them, including service animals, due to size constraints. However, nearby boarding options are available if you're traveling with your furry friend. We look forward to hosting you and making your stay as comfortable and enjoyable as possible!

Guest access
Firstly, we hope you choose our space for your stay! As a super host, I am thrilled to host you and want to ensure your time here is both comfortable and memorable. The goal is to create a welcoming and relaxing environment that feels like a home away from home.

This private entrance space is filled with love and has been prepared with great care to make your stay enjoyable. We encourage you to fully experience and enjoy this cozy room and private courtyard, table area in small woods and the surrounding area . Whether you’re here for relaxation, adventure or just a room, we hope you find exactly what you’re looking for.
•Airbnb policy if you book it you have to be the one to stay.
• Take note that there are slanted ceilings.
• House Necessities: Should you need extra towels, blankets, or anything else to make your stay more comfortable, please don’t hesitate to reach out.
• Fire extinguisher and first aid are under the sink, window ladder under bed
• Please feel free to text if you need the temperature to change after you have opened or closed your vents and/or used the fan and extra AC.
• Noticably Christian
• Always use the Airbnb texting app first choice
• Roku has live TV, add free Spotify and YouTube and more
• Internet speed
345.9Mbps download
351.5Mbps upload

A local favorite for breakfast is Old Glory, a Mom and Pop shop. You will feel like you went back in time. ( even  prices) and  just a minute away , The  Paper Mill open until 2, just on the square. 

There is also a place to put your kayak etc. in the backyard.

Other things to note
Nashville is only 37 minutes away. Many guests stay here as they tour downtown Nashville. Within a minute,  you'll find an array of dining options, from affordable, cozy Mom and Pop restaurants to familiar chains, alongside convenient stores like Dollar General and gas stations. Venture just 5 minutes further to explore more shopping, dining, and local attractions.

There is a very detailed list of the following in the room:
*Historic Homes
*Falls
*Restaurants 
 4 NEW MUSTS not listed in room!
East Nashville Beer Works / Wilson County, The Trailer Park Food Trucks , Just Love Cafe, The Paper Mill 2 Gallatin 

*Things to do 
Historic Homes and Civic Amenities

Discover Gallatin's heritage with numerous historic homes dotted around, all within a 1 to 20-minute radius. The Gallatin Civic Center, a mere 5 minutes away, offers indoor and outdoor swimming, a large indoor hot tub, a workout room, and various activities at a nominal daily fee.

Explore the Natural Beauty

For nature enthusiasts, three State Parks await within a 45-minute drive. Immerse yourself in the natural beauty of the region with 8 stunning waterfalls, all within a short drive to Nashville, as detailed in our welcome book on this page which also includes a list of must-visit local spots.

Your Private Sanctuary

As my cherished residence and  super host, I'm delighted to offer you a private entrance and courtyard, leading to a simple beautifully appointed, serene bedroom and bathroom upstairs.  Designed for simplicity and comfort, your space includes a small coffee bar, complimentary water and comfy robes to ensure a relaxing stay.
By the way, mornings in the courtyard are simply serene.

A Quaint, Comfortable Experience Awaits

Whether you're here to come to a venue, family gathering or to explore the historical sights, enjoy the local cuisine, or simply relax in a peaceful setting, our cottage room offers the perfect retreat. We've curated a space that not only serves as a gateway to Gallatin's treasures but also as a cozy nook to unwind and rejuvenate.

Book Your Stay in Gallatin's Historic Charm

This Airbnb has been "Rated in the top 10% of homes in the area based on guest reviews, bookings, and reliability”.
Ready to experience the unique charm of Gallatin from the comfort of our historic cottage? We invite you to book your stay and explore the blend of history, nature, and Southern hospitality that makes our town—and your upcoming visit—unforgettable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julie
Host User ID: 61148862
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/61148862
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I love hospitality.  I hope you feel peace and tranquility as you enter the property.
 "More stuff less life.  Less stuff more life."
Born in the 60s
My work: Salon/semi-retired
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
244 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting