URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1356059805146313645
Latitude: 36.2033
Longitude: -86.8119
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience luxury & fun in this spacious multi-level Nashville home featuring a pool table, ping pong, swimming pool & a rooftop lounge. Perfect for families, remote workers, and music fans, it offers multiple Smart TVs, a cozy master suite with private balcony, a large patio with fireplace, and a new swimming pool! Located in Nashville’s vibrant area, enjoy quick access to Broadway, stadiums, and top attractions. High-speed Wi-Fi, full kitchen, laundry, and self check-in ensure a seamless stay

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival. 

ACCESS TYPE:
▻ Guests will have an access to the entire home (B Unit- Left Side)

FIRST FLOOR:
▻ Living area- features a 55” TV and a pullout sofa bed
▻ Bedroom 1- features 1 queen-sized bed, a full-body mirror, a work area/desk, and a Smart TV
▻ Bedroom 2- features a queen-sized bunk bed, a spacious vanity area, and a Smart TV
▻ Kitchen- compact kitchen with modern appliances (microwave, fridge, stove, Keurig coffee maker, dishwasher, french press, toaster)
▻ Full Bathroom - shower, toiletries
▻ Laundry area- available washer and dryer
▻ Garage- can fit 1 vehicle

SECOND FLOOR:
▻ Living area- features a comfortable couch, a 65” smart TV, a billiard pool table and a shuffleboard
▻ Kitchen- equipped with modern appliances (microwave, fridge, stove, Keurig coffee maker, dishwasher, french press, toaster)
▻ Half Bathroom
▻ Huge Patio- features a functional fireplace, outdoor lounge space and dining area, and an outdoor smart TV

THIRD FLOOR:
▻ Master Bedroom- featuring 1 king-sized bed, a smart TV, a private balcony with outdoor seating, and an ensuite bathroom (toilet and shower) with dual vanity area
▻ Master bedroom private balcony- features an outdoor seating, a functional fireplace, and a smart TV
▻ Bedroom 4- features a full-sized bunk bed, a smart TV, and an ensuite bathroom (tub, shower, toilet)
▻ Laundry area- available washer and dryer

ROOF TOP:
▻ Spacious outdoor lounge area, 65" Smart TV, Ping Pong table, dining area, corn hole

HIGHLIGHTS:
▻ Self check-in process
▻ Huge patio with available outdoor seating
▻ Available washer and dryer
▻ Modern and new kitchen appliances
▻ Pool table, Ping Pong table, shuffleboard, corn hole
▻ With NEW heated swimming pool (with a fee, $100 for the first night and $75 for each additional nights)
▻ Featuring a rooftop lounge, pool table, and other fun!
▻ With available wifi, perfect for digital nomads and guests working remotely
▻ Prime location | best for work and business travelers
▻ Offers the perfect privacy for you! Spacious home yet very cozy

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ This home is a three-floor home plus roof top
▻ Parking- garage, driveway, and available street parking

Guest access
PARKING:
 ▻ Garage, driveway, and available street parking
 

 ENTERING THE HOME:
  ▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In Using a Smart Lock with a Unique Code Per Guest.

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES:
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee.
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings.
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs.
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500.
▻ Pets are allowed (with Pet Fee) except for the pool area
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.
▻ For the safety of all guests, glass containers of any kind are strictly prohibited in the pool area. Any violation of this policy will result in a $1500 fine. This rule is enforced to prevent potential injuries and maintain a safe, enjoyable environment for everyone. Thank you for your cooperation.

By booking this property, you agree to follow all rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation.

POLICIES:
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available).
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access.
▻ Late Check-Out – Late check-out is not guaranteed and requires host approval. Standard checkout applies unless approved. To guarantee a later stay, book the next night if available. Unauthorized late check-outs incurs violation fees.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ Pet Policy – We’re happy to welcome pets! A $140 non-refundable fee applies, plus $50 for each additional pet. This helps cover the extra deep cleaning to keep the home fresh for all guests.
▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy.
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item)
▻ Cancellation - Cancellation refunds will be based on your booking's cancellation policy
▻ There are exterior cameras installed above the front door in front of the driveway, above the side door facing the side of the property and at the back of the house facing the pool and backyard. It is on and recording 24/7.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1658 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting