URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1431379835897384238
Latitude: 36.2754
Longitude: -87.0489
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Ashland City, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your peaceful retreat that blends Southern-charm with modern minimalism. Cozy tree-lined porch views of Tennessee's lush landscapes await you. Whether you’re here for a weekend escape, family trip, or a work-from-anywhere getaway, this country-modern blend  is your haven :)

-5mins from Coffee, Food, Shops
-25mins from Nashville
-15mins from Beaman Park Nature Center Hiking Trails
-5mins from Cumberland River that runs thru Nashville
-15mins from Belle's Bend Meadows & Nature Center

The space
Welcome to your peaceful getaway, conveniently located right between Nashville & Clarksville. This beautiful home combines the comforts of a modern stay with the tranquility of being immersed in the neighborly woods of Ashland City.

🏡 The Space
This spacious 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom condo offers approximately 1,307 square feet of living space, giving guests plenty of room to spread out & relax. It has a functional, easy-to-enjoy, open concept layout with a communal living area at the heart of the home. The spacious & inviting common area provides natural lighting & a comfortable place to unwind after a day of exploring Middle Tennessee, while the three separate bedrooms offer flexibility for families, couples traveling together, business travelers, or groups of friends.

The kitchen and bathroom spaces have been thoughtfully updated to provide a clean, modern, and comfortable experience. Fully equipped, the kitchen features beautiful marble countertops, crisp white cabinetry, and stainless-steel appliances, giving the space a bright and contemporary feel. The generous sized kitchen island provides plenty of food prep space as well as comfortable bar seating, making it a great gathering spot for morning coffee, casual meals, or conversations while cooking. It effortlessly ties into the communal area where guests can kickback to watch a movie or show on the big screen smart TV. 

The bathrooms continue the same cohesive design, featuring marble countertops and white cabinetry with plenty of storage. The bright finishes create a fresh atmosphere, while the updated fixtures and spacious vanity areas provide the convenience and comfort you'd expect from a polished home.

For added convenience, the home includes air conditioning and laundry facilities, making it especially comfortable for extended stays. 

🛏️ Sleep Comfortably
A great night's sleep is a priority here. Every bed in the home features a soft memory-foam mattress, giving you a cozy place to relax and recharge after a day of exploring. Each bedroom comes with its own closet, dresser, nightstand, and windows overlooking the serenity of the surrounding wooded area. They are all thoughtfully covered with soft linens and a clean, welcoming atmosphere — perfect for couples, families, friends, or longer stays. 

🚗 Parking & Storage
Guests have access to garage parking as well as outdoor parking on the gravel driveway, making arrival and unloading convenient. The two-car garage also provides additional storage space, a useful feature for guests traveling with extra luggage, outdoor equipment, or other belongings.

☕ Cute Outdoor Spaces
You'll have multiple outdoor spaces to enjoy.

Start your morning on the front porch, which features a covered awning and two rocking chairs — the perfect spot to sip your coffee and ease into the day. 

Out back, enjoy the private elevated deck where you can step outside and enjoy the views and sounds of the enveloping woods.. One of the highlights of the property, it's a wonderful place to relax, enjoy an evening sunset drink, or simply take in the peaceful nature setting.

When the sun goes down, feel free to enjoy the fire-pit area. It provides a nice place to gather, roast marshmallows, tell stories, stargaze, and enjoy an evening surrounded by the trees.

📍 Conveniently Located
Although the home feels peaceful and tucked away, you're never far from the things you need. It’s right up the road from downtown Ashland City, where you'll find:

•	☕ A local coffee hut for your morning caffeine fix
•	🍔 Several nearby restaurants offering a variety of dining options
•	🍻 Cool local bars for drinks and an evening out
•	🛍️ Shops and everyday conveniences near Walmart
•	🚗 Easy access to the highway a quick drive into Nashville or Clarksville

Whether you're looking for a relaxing weekend getaway, a comfortable home base for exploring the area, or an extended stay with all the conveniences of home, this property offers a little bit of everything.

Come relax, unwind, and make yourself at home :) 🏡🌲

Guest access
Guests will find the easiest entry into the property via the garage door and up the stairs. 

There's also a front door guests can access. Just be careful walking up and down the hill/driveway.

Guests have exclusive access to all advertised areas of the home, including the garage. The basement is a locked private owner area and is not included in the rental.

Other things to note
Please be careful of surrounding leaves/trees if fire pit will be in use. Additional firewood can be purchased at Walmart or Circle K down the road. 

If you are going to cook something smoky in the kitchen, know ahead of time that the smoke alarm is quite sensitive. I'd recommend opening the windows to let smoke out faster or using one of the rags from the kitchen cabinet to fan the smoke away from the detector faster. 

Also, sometimes the microwave door needs a small little extra push in order to seal so it can start cooking. You'll know it's ACTUALLY working when you see the clock timer start to run. 

ONLY FLUSH TOILET PAPER, due to property being on septic system. 

LAST BUT NOT LEAST, please do your best to close the entry way doors when they're not in use :) You're in the woods now, and unfortunately that tends to come with bugs. Thanks in advance.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brandon
Host User ID: 266254382
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/266254382
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 90%
Responds within an hour
1 month hosting