URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1419677002366112693
Latitude: 36.094
Longitude: -86.8875
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Pet-Friendly Belle Meade Sanctuary! 🐾

Bring the whole family (including the pups!) to this stunning 3BR/2BA retreat! 🐶 Tucked in prestigious Belle Meade, you get a massive fenced-in yard 🌳 and a tranquil haven just 15 mins from Broadway! Perfect for groups of 10, featuring a King bed 👑, bunks, and sun-drenched living spaces. Explore hiking at Percy Warner Park or wine tasting at Belle Meade Winery. Includes FREE parking 🚗 and fast WiFi. Your Music City adventure starts here! 🤠✨

The space
Welcome to your Belle Meade Pet-Friendly Haven! 🎻

Elevate your Nashville adventure in this meticulously maintained, sun-drenched sanctuary. Perfectly tailored for families, large groups, and their furry companions, this 3-bedroom home offers a rare balance of high-end suburban peace and effortless city access. Nestled in one of Nashville's most scenic neighborhoods, this home delivers an immediate sense of calm and security from the moment you pull into the private drive.

💎 The Pet-Friendly Advantage:

A True Yard for Play: Skip the stress of city walks. Our spacious, private yard is a pet-lover's dream, providing plenty of room for your dogs to run and play safely while you relax on the back deck.

The Strategic Sweet Spot: Enjoy the luxury of quiet, tree-lined streets and bird-song mornings, while remaining just a lightning-fast 15-minute drive from the world-famous Honky Tonks of Broadway.

Seamless Group Logistics: We’ve designed this home with family harmony in mind. With a mix of King, Queen, and Bunk beds, plus two full bathrooms, everyone has the space they need to get ready for a day at Cheekwood or a night on the town.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown:

Bedroom 1 (Primary): 1 Plush King Bed 👑 (Your private, quiet retreat)

Bedroom 2: 1 Cozy Queen Bed 🛌 (Perfect for couples or solo guests)

Bedroom 3: 1 Queen Bed + 2 Twin Bunk Beds 🛌🛌 (The ultimate family/group suite)

Bathroom: 2 Full Modern Bathrooms with provided starter amenities 🚿

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Check-In:
We make your arrival completely stress-free so your vacation starts the second you arrive.

Digital Keyless Entry: You will receive a unique, secure code for our keypad system. No physical keys to share or lose.

Contactless & Effortless: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—perfect for multi-car family arrivals.

Parking Situation: Enjoy the rarity of dedicated, free on-site parking for multiple vehicles. No downtown garage fees here! 🚗

📍 Local Favorites & Tips (The Ultimate Nashville Guide):

Viral Eats & Local Hotspots:

NADC Burger: Jelly Roll’s favorite Wagyu burger is a must-try local legend. 🍔

The Twelve Thirty Club: A sophisticated, multi-level dining experience downtown.

Hattie B’s: The iconic Nashville hot chicken experience—bring the heat! 🔥

Pinewood Social: Bowling, coffee, and dog-friendly outdoor spaces.

E+ROSE Wellness Cafe: Revitalizing plant-based bowls and smoothies just a short drive away. 🌿

Barcelona Wine Bar (Edgehill): Fantastic tapas and a vibrant atmosphere.

Loveless Cafe: A mandatory stop for world-famous biscuits (and very dog friendly!). 🥐

Dolly Wines Bar: A whimsical, must-visit spot for any Dolly fan.

Major Sporting & Concert Venues:

Nissan Stadium: Home of the Titans and the city's biggest concerts (18 mins away). 🏟️

Bridgestone Arena: Catch the Predators or a world-class arena show (15 mins away).

GEODIS Park: The stunning home for Nashville SC soccer matches.

First Horizon Park: Catch a Nashville Sounds game under the city lights.

Iconic Concert Venues:

Ryman Auditorium: The "Mother Church" of country music (15 mins away). 🎸

Grand Ole Opry: A 20-minute drive to the show that made country music famous.

Ascend Amphitheater: Beautiful outdoor concerts right on the Cumberland River.

The Bluebird Cafe: The world-famous listening room for top songwriters. 🎶

Top Golf Courses & Parks:

Hermitage Golf Course: Voted the #1 public course in the state. ⛳️

Percy Warner Park: Incredible dog-friendly hiking trails just minutes away. 🌳

McCabe Golf Course: A popular 27-hole course nearby in Sylvan Park.

Centennial Dog Park: One of the best fenced-in dog parks in the city. 🐶

Grocery & Essentials:

Publix at Hill Center: Your nearest high-end grocery option in Green Hills (8 mins away). 🛒

Kroger: A practical, full-service grocery option for all your essentials.

Whole Foods: Located in Green Hills for premium and organic needs.

🐾 Pet Policy:

Pet Friendly: We warmly welcome your well-behaved pets! Please ensure they are supervised in the yard and that you clean up after them to help us maintain this pristine haven for future guests. 🐶❤️

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting