URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1485828725903557350
Latitude: 36.1763
Longitude: -86.7449
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Grab your crew & escape to this stunning 2024-renovated East Nashville gem! Perfect for girls’ weekends, bachelorettes & family fun, this 3,400 sqft beauty has a chef’s kitchen, large entertaining area, office, cocktail lounge, luxe ensuite bedrooms & dreamy indoor‑outdoor spaces. Stroll to cafés, shops, live music & bars—or hit Broadway in 10 min. Stylish, spacious & steps from the city’s coolest spots—your unforgettable Nashville getaway starts here! Please note: no smoking and no animals!

The space
Tucked in the heart of East Nashville’s vibrant, historic, and oh-so-charming Lockeland Springs neighborhood, this exquisitely renovated (2024) single-family oasis combines classic Southern character with chic designer luxury. Boasting 3,400 square feet of thoughtfully curated living space, it’s just steps from the area’s most beloved shops, cafés, music venues, and nightlife—making it the perfect destination for family gatherings, holiday celebrations, girls’ weekends, and unforgettable getaways.

From the moment you step onto the welcoming front porch—your go-to spot for morning coffee, evening cocktails, or catching up with friends—you’ll feel right at home. Inside, light-filled, open-concept spaces designed for comfort and fun flow seamlessly with unique, private retreats. Gather in the spacious living room, host intimate dinners in the formal dining room, or fling open the oversized patio doors for effortless indoor-outdoor living in the three-seasons room and on the expansive deck with alfresco seating for eight.

Whether you’re hosting a festive family holiday, a milestone birthday, a girls’ weekend getaway, or a sparkling bachelorette trip, this home offers multiple lounge and dining areas, restful private bedrooms each with their own bathroom and smart TV,  and stylish spaces designed for both celebration and relaxation. The Main floor bedroom has a California king bed and the upstairs bedrooms have queen beds.

At the heart of it all is the Insta-worthy chef’s kitchen—a true showpiece with a professional-grade 48-inch Italian range (double ovens), two dishwashers, a stunning 12-foot island perfect for brunch spreads, hors d’ouvres, or group baking fun, and glistening Brazilian dolomite countertops. From champagne toasts to holiday feasts, this kitchen inspires togetherness and culinary creativity.

Each generously sized bedroom is a serene sanctuary, complete with a private ensuite bath—ideal for couples, friends, or multi-generational stays. Upstairs, two bedrooms boast spacious walk-in closets perfect for all your weekend attire, while the main-floor primary suite offers a luxury spa bath with standalone soaking tub, separate shower, and dual reach-in closets.

When work calls—or the group needs a little recharge—retreat to the dedicated office or chic den/lounge, both behind elegant French doors. They’re perfect for remote work, cozy cocktail hours, or bridal party planning sessions.

Outside your door, stroll tree-lined streets where vintage bungalows and grand historic homes whisper stories of the neighborhood’s streetcar days. Lockeland Springs pulses with creative, artsy energy—each block sprinkled with public art, eclectic shops, and a welcoming community spirit.

Spend mornings wandering to the Five Points Alley Shops for local artisan treasures, or browse the Fatherland District’s quirky boutiques, handmade goods, and vintage finds. Love nature? Shelby Park is just a 15-minute stroll away, with Frothy Monkey en route for a delicious coffee and pastry.

As night falls, mix cocktails at the house bar before venturing to East Nashville’s iconic music venues—Jane’s Hideaway for soulful bluegrass, The Basement for legendary intimate shows—or enjoy quirky vibes and rooftop drinks at Rosemary & Beauty Queen. Dine at neighborhood gems like Lockeland Table, Margot Bistro, Urban Cowboy, or Bad Idea Wine Bar before soaking up the buzzing Five Points nightlife.

And for the ultimate Nashville experience, Broadway’s famous honky-tonks are only a quick 10-minute Uber/Lyft away.

Whether it’s a holiday with family, an extended stay, a milestone celebration, or a carefree escape with your best friends, this luxurious East Nashville home offers the perfect blend of space, style, and location for memories you’ll treasure forever. Book your stay today and make every moment in Music City unforgettable.

Guest access
Enjoy ample space for gathering, including a bright large living room, separate formal dining room, and a large chef’s kitchen with top-tier appliances and a 12-foot island. Work, unwind, or kick back in the dedicated office and the cozy lounge/den. With inviting indoor-outdoor flow, private retreats, and premium amenities, this home is designed for memorable Nashville getaways with friends, family, or bridal groups.

Guests have access to the entire property and outdoor spaces, minus the garage and a locked room used for storage in the back of the 2nd floor.

Other things to note
Absolutely no dogs, cats or any other animals are permitted on the property.

Registration Details
T2025072740

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Shauna
Host User ID: 16254911
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/16254911
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I lived in Chicago with my husband Jason and 2 retired racing greyhounds for the last 22 years and we live in Nashville now.  I work in IT sales and also am a classically trained chef.  I love exploring local eateries and bars with creative, high quality menus.
Born in the 70s
Where I went to school: SUNY Geneseo
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
168 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting