URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/806059066622611938
Latitude: 36.1333
Longitude: -86.8043
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in Hillsboro Village near Vanderbilt, just minutes to Broadway, 12 South, and Music Row.
- 4-bedroom home sleeping up to 12 guests
- Thoughtfully designed with spacious living areas
- Gourmet kitchen for group meals and gatherings
- Private rooftop patio with city views
- Work-ready with dedicated workspace and high-speed WiFi 
- Free parking with 1-car garage + street parking
- Walk to Hillsboro Village shops, dining, and local favorites
- 24/7 hospitality support

The space
Discover your ultimate luxury vacation rental in Nashville for 12 guests, designed for comfort, convenience, and an unforgettable stay. Perfect for families, groups, and business travelers, this spacious home delivers the perfect blend of modern luxury and Southern hospitality. Step into stylish interiors featuring bold colors, dynamic wallpaper, and contemporary furniture that create a unique boutique feel.

Key Features:
Private rooftop patio with cityscape views
Private 1-car parking and free street and parking lot parking
Covered second-floor balcony
Smart TVs throughout the home
High-speed internet
Fully equipped kitchen
Full size washer and dryer in unit

Comfortable Accommodations:
1st Floor: Bedroom with 1 Queen Bed and an ensuite bathroom
3rd Floor: Bedroom with 2 Queen Beds and an ensuite bathroom
3rd Floor: Bedroom with 1 King Bed and an ensuite bathroom
4th Floor: Bedroom with 1 King Bed
Living Room: 1 Queen Sleeper Sofa

Explore the Best of Nashville in Hillsboro Village:
You're just a quick ride from Broadway, and walking distance from the iconic Pancake Pantry, Fido, and outdoor shopping of Hillsboro Village. Right between Hillsboro and West End and between Vanderbilt and Belmont University, this retreat offers easy access to Nashville's top attractions.

Tourist Attractions:
- Frist Art Museum: A stunning art deco building displaying a rotating collection of art from around the world.  
- Centennial Park: A picturesque urban oasis with walking trails and beautiful gardens.  
- The Parthenon: A full-scale replica of the original Parthenon in Athens, showcasing a stunning statue of Athena.  

Long Term Living:
Looking to rest your head a bit more permanently? If you're a digital nomad, college student, or our newest resident of Nashville looking for a furnished rental for 2+ months, reach out! You'll be hard-pressed to find a 4-bedroom home this centrally located more affordably. Please take note that there is a refundable security deposit of $500 charged separately before check-in for any reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and a deposit of $1,000 charged separately before check-in for any reservations over 6 months.

For safety and property protection, the home is equipped with exterior security cameras located outside the property. There are no cameras inside the home.
This property also uses a noise monitoring device that measures decibel levels only (it does not record audio) to help ensure compliance with local quiet hours and community guidelines.

Permit Number: 2019_079_351

Guest access
Guests will have exclusive and private access to the entire 4-level home.
Private Entrance: Enjoy complete privacy with your own entrance.
Keyless Entry: For your convenience and security, the home is equipped with keyless entry. A unique, custom door code will be provided for the duration of your stay.
Parking: Access to a private one-car garage is included. Additional free street parking is also available.

Other things to note
Welcome to our boutique hospitality experience, led by a close-knit team of husband-and-wife duo and their close friends. We've been making dream vacations come true since 2014 and we're thrilled to do the same for you! We choose our properties with care, only offering places we'd love to stay in ourselves. You'll find top local spots around each location and we're always ready to suggest the best picks tailored just for you.

- Check-In: We provide a unique, custom door code for each stay for secure and easy keyless entry.
- Guest Verification: All guests are required to complete an additional guest verification process after booking, which includes signing a liability agreement.
- Local Bookings: We typically do not host local residents. We may inquire about the purpose of your stay and reserve the right to decline bookings.
- Security Deposit: A refundable security deposit is required for longer stays and is charged separately before check-in. The deposit is $500 for reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and $1,000 for reservations over 6 months.
- Child-Friendly Rentals: If you need a pack and play or high chair, please inquire for a unique link to rent these items.
- 24/7 Support: Our team is available around the clock to help with any questions or personalized requests.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Beckon Homes
Host User ID: 6675690
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6675690
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We're the crew at Beckon Homes. We're a small, family-run boutique property management company that works hard to treat our guests like our loved ones by welcoming them into homes and neighborhoods we ourselves would stay in. Our team is on 24/7/365 to ensure you have everything you need, whenever you need it. We can't wait to host you at one of our homes!
My work: making guests comfy
Most useless skill: no skill is useless!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
9907 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting