URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1602869928350830390
Latitude: 36.16728
Longitude: -86.76
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in a beautifully restored historic church transformed into six stylish condos, with the option to enjoy Unit A and Unit B together—an ideal setup for families or groups traveling together. This unique two-unit layout combines original architectural charm with modern comforts, offering plenty of space, privacy, and flexibility for your Nashville stay.

The space
Stay in a beautifully restored historic church that’s been transformed into six stylish condos—now offering the perfect setup for larger groups or families by combining Unit A and Unit B. This unique two-unit arrangement blends original architectural charm with modern comfort, giving y’all space, privacy, and flexibility during your Nashville stay.

Located just minutes from downtown, you’ll be close to great restaurants, coffee shops, breweries, and local favorites. East Nashville is known for its creative spirit, welcoming community, and vibrant energy. While the neighborhood continues to evolve, guests consistently describe it as friendly, welcoming, and full of local flavor—and we think you’ll love it here too.

The space
This combo listing includes two separate 1-bedroom, 1-bath condos, ideal for traveling together while still enjoying privacy.

Sleeping arrangements:
🛏 Unit A: Queen-size bed + Queen Airm attress in the living area
🛏 Unit B: King-size bed + queen-size air mattress for additional sleeping

Kitchens (one in each unit):
🍳 Fully equipped with refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, cookware, dishes, and utensils

Living areas:
🛋 Comfortable living spaces in each unit with cable TV and high-speed WiFi—perfect for relaxing after a day in Music City

Comfort & convenience:
🌡 Central air and heat
🔑 Easy self check-in via keypad for both units

Whether you’re visiting for a weekend getaway, a group trip, or to experience Nashville’s music and nightlife, this East Nashville combo offers comfort, character, and convenience close to all the action.

Amenities
✅ Hair dryer
✅ Hangers
✅ Iron
✅ TV with cable
✅ WiFi
✅ Air conditioning
✅ Heating
✅ Smoke alarm
✅ Exterior security cameras
✅ Refrigerator
✅ Microwave
✅ Dishwasher
✅ Stove & oven
✅ Coffee maker
✅ Dishes and utensils
✅ Free street parking
✅ Self check-in (keypad)

Guest access
Guests will have full, private access to both Unit A and Unit B during their stay.

Other things to note
• Street parking is available along Shelby Avenue and is typically easy to find
• Bedrooms in Unit A are open to the living area and do not have a door separating the spaces
• This is an urban location—some ambient city noise (trains, traffic, buses, or general street activity) may be heard

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mike
Host User ID: 152189800
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/152189800
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
5 months hosting