URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/40588380
Latitude: 36.159
Longitude: -86.7959
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to McMillin Court! Owned by Jack Cawthon, owner of the famous Jack's BBQ- a local food legend here in Nashville! Modest and simple units only 1.5 miles from some of the best of Music City's gems.

☆ Free WiFi! 
☆ 1.4 miles to downtown Broadway
☆ 1 mile from the Gulch
☆ 1/2 mile from the Midtown area
☆ Free Parking (1 car with overflow parking available)
☆ Well-Equipped kitchen 
☆ Washer & Dryer on-site & free
☆ Step's away from Jack's BBQ (YUM)
☆ Check in at 4 pm // Check out at 10 am

The space
Each apartment of McMillin Court is 500 Sq feet with two small bedrooms and 1 bathroom. 

There are 2 queen beds and a queen sofa bed in the living room. 

The bathroom has a shower with a tub. The space sleeps 4 comfortably however can accommodate up to 6 people. 

The kitchen is equipped with basic cooking utensils as well as a Keurig to give you a jump start before exploring the city. An on-site laundry and an ice machine are on premises.

Outside the apartment, McMillin offers a smoke-free courtyard with a small fountain and shared courtyard seating. Parties are not permitted in the courtyard.

Loading and unloading of vehicles is permitted in front of McMillin Court with convenient parking adjacent to the property for each unit and there is additional parking across the street.

Location in relation to downtown, Broadway: 
Walkable - 30 minute walk (you do need to cross over interstates) The walk is doable, but please keep in mind Nashville has areas where there is more incline.
Drive: 8-10 minutes depending on traffic, 1.4 miles to Broadway area. 

Conveniently located, McMillin Court is just 500 feet west of interstate I-65 North and I-40 West. The unit is close to hospitals such as TriStar Medical and Vanderbilt as well as right by the Universities Vanderbilt and Tennessee State! Tucked neatly behind Jack Cawthon’s Bar-B-Que on Charlotte Avenue, and just minutes from downtown - you will find this location suits all your needs!

Guest access
Guests will have access to the unit via a unique access code. There is shared access to the onsite laundry room, the smoke-free courtyard area, the onsite free parking, as well as the designated smoking area outside the courtyard gates.

Other things to note
→ There is no central air conditioning. Each unit has a window unit in the living room with ceiling fans in each bedroom. Our guests find air flow provides ample comfort when sleeping with all bedroom doors ajar. 
→ This unit is on the first floor of the complex. If you have booked more than one unit, note that we have a 2nd story and there is no elevator. 
→ We are a smoke free complex; both indoors and inside the courtyard. There is a designated smoking area outside the courtyard in the parking lot. Guests will be fined for smoking indoors or inside the courtyard gates. 
→ Not a party rental ~ If you are looking for a home base while you explore Nashville, the unit will be a great fit. However, if you are looking for a party location, this is not the fit.
→ Keep in mind, there will be potential for noise as you will have tenants beside and above you. Please be aware of this detail to make sure this condo is the right fit for you! 
→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that early check-in or late check-out requests will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm. 
→  Regarding the unit: Max occupancy is 6 people- keep in mind the apartment is only 500 sq ft, and that the third bed is a pull out sofa in the living room.
→ Laundry is on-site & free with starter detergent provided. Towels & linen are provided (including linen & pillows for the sofa bed). Travel-sized toiletries, a hairdryer, iron, and ironing board are provided. A Keurig coffee maker and basic kitchenware are also provided. Guests are responsible to provide any additional amenities desired such as additional toilet paper.
→ No decoration is permitted inside or outside the unit. 
→After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival, if booking same day, you may call our team as soon as you've booked. Please ensure your number on your Airbnb profile is up to date.
→ Rest assured, our team is around 24/7 for any emergency that may arise.
→ Permit # can be found in the photo captions.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: UrbanNashville
Host User ID: 6855810
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6855810
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We are UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals. We're a small, locally owned management company. We pride ourselves in providing the best rental experience for you while you visit Music City! 

Our properties are located all over popular areas of Nashville. We have a spot for every traveller.

If you need any recommendations for the best places to check out, let us know! The chances are good that we have been there, and tried that. We look forward to hosting you

- Paige, Jordan & Adisson
My work: Nashville Enthusiast
I spend too much time: Figuring out which coffee spot to try
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
14237 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting