URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1582094677289680913
Latitude: 36.1383
Longitude: -86.7876
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 13
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to ★Argyle Retreat★, a stylish 4BR/3.5BA townhome that comfortably sleeps 12 in the heart of Nashville. Perfectly positioned just minutes from 12 South, The Gulch, and Downtown, this modern retreat places you close to the city’s best dining, shopping, and live music. Inside, you’ll find elevated design, spacious gathering areas, and thoughtful touches throughout. Head upstairs to your private rooftop patio with fire pit and skyline views, built for unforgettable Music City getaways.

The space
What We Love About ★Argyle Rooftop Retreat★...
- Private rooftop patio with fire pit, grill, cornhole, and skyline views
- Prime location near 12 South, The Gulch, and Downtown
- Spacious layout ideal for groups up to 12
- Five Smart TVs and high-speed Wi-Fi
- Dedicated parking and easy self-check-in

★Argyle Rooftop Retreat★ blends modern comfort with thoughtful design across four spacious levels. The first-floor features bedroom one with two queen beds and a private ensuite bathroom with a standing shower, offering privacy and flexibility for groups.

On the second floor, you’ll find the main living space and bedroom two. The open-concept living area offers plush seating and a Smart TV, creating the perfect gathering spot before heading out to explore the city. The fully stocked kitchen includes a large island with bar seating, making it easy to cook, entertain, or enjoy takeout from one of Nashville’s incredible local restaurants. Bedroom two includes one queen bed and twin bunk beds, ideal for mixed groups or families.

The third-floor hosts bedroom three with two queen beds and a full futon, located across from bedroom four, the primary suite featuring a king bed. With 3 full bathrooms and 1 half bath throughout the home, everyone has space to get ready comfortably.

At the top, the private rooftop patio steals the show. Fire up the grill, gather around the fire pit, and take in sweeping skyline views as the sun sets over Music City. Whether you're sipping morning coffee or winding down after a night out, this space was designed for memorable moments.

Additional amenities include a twin over twin trundle in the common space, high-speed Wi-Fi, five Smart TVs, washer and dryer, central heat and air, keypad entry, drip coffee maker, and dedicated parking for added convenience.

Located just minutes from 12 South’s boutiques and brunch spots, The Gulch’s upscale dining and nightlife, and Broadway’s iconic honky-tonks, you’ll have Nashville’s best at your fingertips. Explore live music venues, rooftop bars, local breweries, and vibrant murals, all within a short drive or rideshare.

Whether you're planning a bachelorette trip, birthday celebration, family getaway, or long weekend with friends, Argyle Rooftop Retreat delivers comfort, style, and an unbeatable location. Book your stay today and experience Nashville your way.

★Parking★
Parking is available in the garage or on the street in front of the home.
 
★House Rules★
During your stay, we ask that you remember to be respectful of your neighbors. Quiet hours are from 10pm- 7am. For real, take the party to the Honky Tonks on Broadway. Additionally, thank you for respecting our 'no smoking' and 'no pets' policy so that we can keep our properties in the best condition possible. Pets include but are not limited to cats, zebras, livestock, and/or spouses. There are also no firearms permitted within the home or on the surrounding property. Should you choose to ignore this, there will be a $300 fine assessed for breaking either of these rules. We thank you for refraining and being respectful of our homes - please don't make us hunt you down for fines as it cuts into our nap time.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property.

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home.  Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home.  We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay.  In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee.  Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver.  It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay.  The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior.  Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!).  Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage.  The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines. 

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Fun fact: Been in multiple earthquakes together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23140 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting