URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1456522033459983833
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Posh Stay Burnham

Stylish downtown Nashville suite with 3 real queen beds, pool views, and room for up to 6 guests. Perfect for couples, girls trips, work stays, and Music City getaways in vibrant downtown SoBro.

Just a 10-minute walk  to Broadway, live music, restaurants, bars, and top downtown attractions while enjoying the comfort of an upscale SoBro stay with resort-style amenities.

Rates include 4 guests. Additional guests are $30 nightly and must be added before check-in.

The space
My goal is to provide a welcoming, stylish home base with thoughtful touches, resort-style amenities, and a smooth, stress-free stay.

Located minutes from Broadway, Music Row, live entertainment, dining, and top Nashville attractions, you’ll also enjoy access to community amenities including a year-round heated pool, fitness center, and lounge spaces.

Nearby Attractions:
• 4 min walk → Country Music Hall of Fame
• 7 min walk → Bridgestone Arena & Broadway
• 10 min walk → Ryman Auditorium
• 20 min walk → Nissan Stadium
• 10 min drive → Nashville International Airport (BNA)

Parking available: $35 per day

Permit #2018070925

Guest access
Located in a luxe apartment community in Nashville’s vibrant SoBro neighborhood, guests will have access to the suite and shared community amenities, including:

🌟 Resort-Style Amenities
✔ Year-round heated pool
✔ Bi-level fitness center
✔ Sky lounge with city views
✔ Shared lounge and gathering spaces

🌟 Comforts of Home
✔ Fully equipped kitchen
✔ High-speed WiFi
✔ 2 Smart TVs
✔ In-unit washer + dryer
✔ Comfortable setup for work trips, weekend getaways, and group stays

Other things to note
Our Luxe SoBro community offers the perfect blend of energy, comfort, and convenience in the heart of downtown Nashville.

Guests love the walkable location, resort-style amenities, and easy access to Broadway, live music, dining, sports venues, and top attractions. You may see families, couples, business travelers, and groups enjoying the community’s vibrant atmosphere and shared spaces throughout the day.

Inside the suite, triple-pane windows and plush bedding help create a peaceful, relaxing retreat after a night out or a busy day exploring the city.

The suite also features a floor-to-ceiling balcony door overlooking the pool courtyard, bringing in beautiful natural light by day and a peaceful ambiance at night. Light-sensitive sleepers may prefer to bring a sleep mask for added comfort.

Rates include up to 4 guests. The home accommodates up to 6 guests total. Additional guests are $30 per guest, per night and must be included on the reservation prior to check-in.

We want you to have the best stay possible! Amenities such as the pool, gym, elevators, and other shared spaces are managed by the property and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance or circumstances beyond our control. While we hope you’re able to enjoy everything the community offers, refunds cannot be provided for temporary amenity closures.

Early Check-In / Late Check-Out (Based on Availability)

• Early check-in (up to 2 hours before 3 PM check-in): $50
• Late check-out (up to 2 hours after 10 AM checkout): $50

Requests earlier than 1 PM arrival or later than 12 PM departure may be available for an extended access fee depending on availability and scheduling.

All requests must be approved and paid through Airbnb prior to arrival.

We truly appreciate the opportunity to host you and look forward to making your Nashville stay a great one!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tamaira
Host User ID: 515196602
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/515196602
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey Hey Hey Y’all! I’m Tamaira your Nashville host.
I host thoughtfully designed stays under The Posh Stay, where comfort, style, and good energy come standard. My SoBro locations are set in one of Nashville’s most vibrant, walkable neighborhoods, with spaces curated for great sleep, great vibes, and thoughtful touches throughout.
Whether you’re here for a getaway, celebration, or work trip, you’ll feel right at home and just a little pampered.
Stay Posh. Stay You.™ Curated with care by Tamaira.
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
64 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting