URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1743724957571439269
Latitude: 36.14007
Longitude: -86.63057
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 7
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway—where peaceful lake vibes meet Music City fun! 

We’re located only 8 minutes from Nashville International Airport, making those early flights and travel days a breeze. Even better, you’re just a 20 min drive from downtown Nashville and all the excitement this town has to offer! Enjoy the best of both worlds!

You'll quickly see why this spot feels like the best of Tennessee all in one place.🌵🤎

The space
Our home is nestled near the lake, surrounded by beautiful trees and peaceful forest-like scenery. You’ll wake up to the sounds of birds and enjoy a relaxing atmosphere that feels like a quiet escape from the busyness of everyday life.

Because this is a quiet residential community, we kindly ask that all guests be respectful of our neighbors and help us maintain the peaceful atmosphere. Please keep noise levels considerate, especially during the evening and nighttime hours. We want everyone—including our guests and neighbors—to enjoy the calm, comfortable environment that makes this area so special!

Convenient Amenities our home has to offer

🍳 Fully Equipped Kitchen – Everything you need to prepare a delicious home-cooked meal.
☕ Coffee Station – Start your morning with a fresh cup of coffee before heading out to explore Nashville.
🧺 Washer & Dryer – Convenient in-home laundry for longer stays or after a day of exploring.
🌿 Private Back Patio – Relax, unwind, and enjoy the peaceful surroundings, trees, and local wildlife.

Nashville’s top attractions:
✈️ BNA Airport — 9min (4.6 miles)
🎶 Broadway — 16 min (12 miles)
🏟️ NISSAN STADIUM — 15 min (11 miles)
🏛️Municipal Auditorium— 19 min (12 miles)
🛍️ Opry Mills Mall & Hotel/ IMAX Theater— 14 min (11 miles)
🍹 Shipwreck Cove Marina Bar & Percy Priest Lake — 2 min (0.5 miles)
🌊 Nashville Shores — 12 min (4 miles)
🦁 Nashville Zoo — 16 min (12 miles)
🎀12 South Neighborhood — 17 min (13 miles)
☀️ Anderson Beach Park— 12 min (6.4 miles)

🚘 Getting into Nashville is a breeze! 
Uber and other rideshare services are readily available in the area, making it easy to get to Broadway, downtown, restaurants, nightlife, and all of Nashville’s top attractions. Drivers are typically quick to accept rides, so you can spend less time waiting and more time enjoying Music City!

Guest access
For your convenience, we also offer two dedicated parking spaces, giving you plenty of room to park your vehicles safely and conveniently during your stay.

Other things to note
🐾 Pet: One small dog
Must be FULLY potty trained, crate trained, and familiar with traveling to other homes. Small dog MUST be crated when guests are away, and never allowed on furniture. Significant amounts of hair found could result in another fee if not cleaned up prior to checking out. Any scratching or damage caused by the animal to the floors, walls, sliding glass door, or other areas of the home will result in an additional fee for repair or replacement. All fees are non refundable.

Pet Fee: $100 Standard 

🔒 Access to the house:
For your safety and security, a government-issued ID will be required after your reservation is confirmed. Airbnb does not provide hosts access to your ID verification, so we require this additional step to verify that you are the guest who made the reservation. Once verified, you will receive your unique door code, which will only be provided to you.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Athena
Host User ID: 526597005
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/526597005
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
3 years hosting
3 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting