URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/731268671877280773
Latitude: 36.40495
Longitude: -87.03926
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Pleasant View, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 9
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Imagine sipping a cocktail in the plunge pool or hot tub while the kids play ping pong, putt putt & basketball nearby. 

Imagine gathering around the fire pit under the stars after a big family meal in the boathouse.

Imagine each family having their own space — and then coming together for movie night in the game shed. 

Create forever memories in a home where Grandma, Sister, Brother & all the grandkids have something to enjoy!

The space
Built for multi-generational families, our home lets you gather together while still having your own space and privacy. Nestled in the peaceful Tennessee countryside just 25 minutes from Broadway, it’s the best of both worlds. The property is built to welcome everyone—from toddlers to grandparents to pets—with minimal steps, zero-step entries, and ENDLESS games and sports for the kiddos. With 3 full kitchens, family events are a breeze.

What's it like to communicate with Stephanie and Rachel? We’re some of the most caring, responsive hosts you’ll ever meet—just read the reviews! We consider it an honor when families like yours choose our home to make memories and we’re here to make your stay unforgettable.

OUTDOOR AMENITIES
1. Hot Tub (New Nov/22)
2. Gas Fire Pit & Fireplace 
3. Swing Set (Durango Heavy Duty)
4. In Ground Putting Green! 
5. Basketball Hoop, Cornhole, Ping Pong+
6. Game Shed (100" Projector Screen)
7. The Boathouse Outdoor Living Room (The one with the plants!)
8. 2 Private Acres 
9. 2 Gas Grills for BBQ!
10. Filtered Plunge Pool (Mid April to Mid Oct, Inquire for Dates)
11. HUGE community park with playground and walking track just a 10 min walk through the neighborhood. Take our provided stroller and get the kids some exercise! 

INDOOR SPACES (Main home & Guest House)
6 Bdrms w/ Queen memory foam mattresses
2 Master Bedrooms (Bdrm 1 & 5)
1 Sleeping Den: 2 Full Sized Futons
3 WELL EQUIPPED Kitchens + 1 Kitchenette
4 Separate Entrances/Dwellings
3 Living Rooms
2 Laundry Areas (main house & guest house)
4.5 Bathrooms
1 bath tub w/ jets for the kiddos
3 walk in showers for the grandparents : ) 

SLEEPING SPACES
6 Queens w/ 12 Inch Memory Foam Mattresses
3 Twin Lofts 
2 Full Size Futons (Sleeping Den)
1 Twin Futon (In Bedroom 6)
4 Cots with Mattresses

CAPACITY GUIDELINES
All singles?  ~10
A few couples? Mix of adults and kids? ~15
5-6 adult couples and their littles? ~20-22

This home very comfortably fits 15 people and will be snug at 20.
Some sleeping spaces are twin bed lofts (<225lb weight limit), futons & cots with mattresses. 
*Check floor plan photos for details*

STEP FREE ACCESS (Check Listing Photos for Photo Guide)
(For Bookings with Mobility Challenged Guests)
Main Home Front Door: 3 steps
Main Home Side Door: 1 step
Main Home Side Door (2): 3 Steps
Guest Barn Front Door: 0 steps
Steps Inside the Main Home: 4 Total 
Steps Inside Guest House: Spiral Staircase accessing 1 bedroom.

(Check floor plans & Photo Guide in the listing photos!)

SAFETY:
We have 4 Ring security cameras on property:
1. Front door of the main home
2. Back door of the main home  
3. Front door of guest house
4. Back of the Boathouse facing the back line of our property. 

-All  cameras are on the exterior of the home and  in plain sight of the guest.
-None of our cameras capture the hot tub/pool area. 
-Booking party will be asked to sign a waiver/home agreement as we have many unique features on our property. This is required by our insurance. 

LOCATION: 
BNA Airport: 31 miles, 29 min
Downtown: 27 miles, 25 min
Grand Ole Opry: 28 miles, 30 min
Clarksville: 20 miles, 25 min
Vanderbilt University: 27 miles, 25 min
Cumberland River Bicentennial Trail: 17 Min

WEDDING VENUES: 
Livery Stables: 1 mile, 3 min
The Cedars at Carr Farm: 8 miles, 13 min
Cumberland River Farm: 11 miles, 19 min
Riverhouse at Southern Light: 17 miles, 24 min
Ashland City Farms: 6 miles, 11 min
Chappell Acres: 5 miles, 9 min
Hidden Creek Farm: 10 miles, 19 min
The Barn at Murphey Farm: 4 miles, 7 min

WINTER BOOKINGS: 
In Tennessee, pipes are traditionally under the home not fully protected from the elements and this is true with our as well. If temperatures are consistently below freezing during your trip, we will ask that you drip the faucets to prevent freezing pipes. This will likely only apply to select December, January and February bookings. It typically occurs once per year in Tennessee. While it is unlikely, it's possible. Please do not book if you are not willing and able to assist! Our home does not typically require AWD, but in the rare event that there is a winter storm, it is helpful. We get one good snow a year. If you are nervous at all, we ask that you purchase trip insurance as we will not provide refunds for weather related reasons. 

GROCERIES/HIKING/GOLF
Groceries/Liquor: 1.5 miles, 4 min 
Target: 21 miles, 21 min
Eastland Golf Course: 9 miles, 13 min
Bicentennial Cumberland River Trail: 20 min (7 Mile Trail on the River!) 
Pleasant View Community Park: Large walking track, short nature trail, kids play ground: 10 min walk through the neighborhood!

Guest access
Guests will have access to all areas of the property including the yard, play shed and luxury outdoor boathouse. Guests access the home through door codes.

Other things to note
PETS
This is a pet friendly listing! We work hard to do meticulous cleanings in between guest stays. However, if you are extremely allergic, this may not be the best stay for you. We ask for a $125 pet fee + $75 dollars per additional pet for the convenience of having your fur baby with you at our home and for the extra clean up of waste and fur.  We do not have a limit on the number of pets, but please let us know how many you plan to bring. We provide 'doggy bags' & dog waste receptacles. Rover/Boarding costs anywhere from 25-50 dollars per night in our area if you prefer to have a vacation without your pup. 

EARLY/LATE CHECK IN: 
We schedule our cleaning team & pre arrival inspection team immediately upon your booking. If you would like to check in early or leave late, they have to reschedule their crew and request a fee for this. The fee is $30/hr for extra hours to compensate our crews for rearranging schedules and working different hours. 

DINING: 
Living room 1 in the main home is the largest gathering area and can fit ~20 people. However, we do NOT have a formal indoor dining table. There is a dining area in the boathouse (outdoor living space with chandeliers) that seats 12 -20 people depending on the season. We also provide 2 folding tables. 

POOL:
The pool is a 2 ft deep, 8 ft wide Palmingo Pools Stock Tank pool that is filtered and circulated just like a normal pool. It  fits 6 adults (the size of a hot tub) and is perfect for 'hanging out' or for the kids to play! It is open mid April to mid October (Weather Dependent - Inquire for specific dates at time of booking!). Hot tub is open 24/7/365! Our 'spa guy' comes by every Wednesday between the hours of 10am & 4pm to balance the chemicals and make sure the water is sparkling clean!

UBERS/TAXIS
Ubers are easy to get outside of late Friday and Saturday night.

EVENTS
As stated in our house rules, we are not okay with loud noise outdoors in the evenings/over night. If you plan to throw a party, please do not book. There will be a $500 fine for any noise complaints that we receive from neighbors.**

CANCELLATIONS: We will not provide any refunds for weather unless there is a government issued evacuation. Please protect yourself by purchasing travel insurance. We will occasionally experience winter weather and snow. Please plan ahead, purchase travel insurance, check the weather and use a 4 wheel drive vehicle when necessary. When booking our home using certain sites that use a payment processor, we incur fees that cannot be recouped if you cancel. We will not refund any booking site or credit card processing fees. 

On a personal note: Cancellations hurt us. There is no way around it. Please ensure that all of your party can attend before booking. Do not 'hold' our property. This prevents other families from seeing and booking our home and in the end, we always lose out on precious income that helps us pay our mortgage and keep our home looking and feeling like the cozy haven that it is!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Rachel
Host User ID: 482404051
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/482404051
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! We are Rachel and Stephanie. We are two sisters who LOVE to travel and entertain! If you are looking for a space to host your family and friends that has both privacy & room to gather all in one, we've got what you're looking for! Check out Tennessee Container Cabin for a secluded retreat in between Nashville and Chattanooga, or the Urban Acreage just 25 min from downtown Nashville. Both offer an extensive compound PERFECT for large groups!
Speaks English and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
377 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting