URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1140927921961475137
Latitude: 36.1538
Longitude: -86.7753
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Centrally Located Heart of Nashville: 2BR, 2BA Luxury Apt in SoBro. Unique Themed Rooms, 
Only 8 minutes walk to Broadway. Unforgettable Stay. Walkable to Venues, Dining, & Music. Fully Equipped Kitchen, Supplies, Coffee & Tea. City View, Private Balcony, Premium Amenities, Free Parking. 

Enjoy a stylish experience at this centrally-located place.

This unique place has a style all its own.

Unit#921

permit number
T2022050198

The space
💤 Stylish 2BR City Condo | Pool, Gym, Sleeps 6 Comfortably | #921
Welcome to your luxury retreat in the heart of the city! Whether you're in town for a relaxing escape, a business trip, or a fun getaway with friends or family, this modern 2-bedroom condo offers the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and resort-style amenities.
Thoughtfully designed with your relaxation in mind, this cozy-yet-spacious home-away-from-home is fully equipped to make your stay easy, stress-free, and memorable.
🛏️ Sleeps 6 | 2 Bedrooms + Extra Sleeping Options
This condo comfortably sleeps up to 6 guests with plenty of space to relax and recharge:
Bedroom 1:
Stretch out in a king-size bed, complete with plush linens and cozy vibes—perfect for a restful night after a day of adventure or meetings.
Bedroom 2:
Two double beds, making this room ideal for families, friends, or colleagues traveling together.
Additional Sleeping Arrangements:
Full-size air mattress – great for an extra guest
Rollaway bed – convenient, comfy, and easy to set up
(Extra linens, pillows, and blankets are all provided.)
🏡 In-Home Comforts
This space is all about laid-back luxury. You’ll find:
High-speed WiFi
Smart TVs in the living area and bedrooms
Central heating & cooling
Fresh towels, toiletries, and premium bedding
Full-size washer & dryer in-unit
One dedicated parking space (additional available for purchase)
🌟 Resort-Style Amenities
Step outside your door and enjoy access to top-tier amenities in the building, perfect for both work and play:
🏊‍♀️ Swimming Pool – Relax, swim, or lounge in the sun
🧗‍♀️ Fitness Center – Fully equipped gym with a rock climbing wall
🌿 Courtyard – Beautiful green space with electric grill for cookouts
🔥 Outdoor Fireplace – Cozy up under the stars with a drink or s’mores
🎱 Clubhouse Lounge – Ideal for hanging out with friends or other guests
Indoor fireplace
Pool table & games
Various seating areas for relaxation or remote work
Sunset views from the sky lounges
🛎️ Services & Extras
🔧 24/7 Emergency Maintenance – We’re here when you need us
🎟️ Concierge Services – Whether you need local tips, restaurant bookings, or special requests, we’re here to help
🅿️ Parking – One spot included. Additional space available in the building garage (subject to availability and extra fee)
💬 A Note from Your Host
We’ve taken great care to create a space that feels both luxurious and welcoming—a peaceful escape right in the heart of it all. Whether you're here to explore, relax, or just pass through, we hope this home gives you everything you need (and then some!).
Have questions or need local recommendations? We’re just a message away!

Guest access
This entire apartment complex along with this unit is accessed by a key-fob. Key-fob can be retrieved at the key-cafe located in the main lobby(Floor P3) in front of the elevator. 

You should receive a booking code a few days before your arrival through both text messages and Airbnb app. You will use that code to retrieve the key fob. 

Check in procedure and key-fob retrieval procedures will also be available on the day of arrival.

Other things to note
Please Note:
While we always strive to provide a comfortable and positive living experience, there are certain factors beyond our personal control that we want to clarify:
We are not responsible for external variables outside of this building, such as noise, construction, or private/public events happening nearby.
This property is part of a larger complex managed by building management, who oversee:
Common areas and shared spaces
Exterior maintenance
Interior maintenance of physical systems and appliances (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, HVAC, and drywall)
When it comes to maintenance requests or issues, we are required to follow the building’s procedures and timelines. We will always do our best to communicate and advocate on your behalf, but please understand that resolution times are ultimately determined by the building’s management and service teams.

This is a multi-unit building, and there may be other guests staying in neighboring units.
While we expect everyone to be respectful, we cannot control the behavior of other guests, including potential noise.
If excessive noise occurs after quiet hours, you may report it directly to the building’s overnight security, who are available to assist.
Thank you for your understanding and cooperation! If you have any questions or concerns ahead of your stay, feel free to reach out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Paravee
Host User ID: 572705677
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/572705677
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 years hosting
560 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting