URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/31763112
Latitude: 36.2462
Longitude: -86.55631
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 3
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This in-law quarter w/ separate kitchen/living room is filled with a stainless steel refrigerator, microwave, pots and pans, coffee maker, and other amenities you would most likely see at your own home! What makes this stay unique is all the unique art and one of kind decor from various artisans. In addition to the interesting decor, the home is located in walking distance to old hickory lake. Nearby there is a boat ramp where you can launch your boat so feel free to bring your boat for water sports, fishing etc or you can even ask the host the availability of a guided day on the lake for an additional fee which includes life jackets and the various water toys like skis, wakeboard and tubes that host has. (Depending on scheduling and availability)

This private residence has it all! Separate entrance with private kitchen/living room, bedroom & full bathroom. Old Hickory Lake is less than a minute from this location which has a free public boat launch and park that is a perfect place for picnics and to enjoy water sports, wildlife and nature. 

Downtown Nashville is less than 25 minutes away so you can enjoy the scenic lakeside activities during the day & then head downtown and enjoy all the sights and sounds that music city has to offer!

Guest has private entrance to their Airbnb which includes living room/full kitchen, private bedroom and private bathroom.

We love to meet our guests however we usually leave the guests alone unless they need something or want more interaction between host and guest. Most of our interaction is before you arrive to make sure you have a great trip planned. Our guest usually want to relax or want the adventure of exploring the sights and sounds of Nashville upon arrival! We do however love dreaming of things to make your stay memorable so just ask! For additional fees we are open to preparing first class planned breakfast for our guests, or if you want to spend a day with your family on the lake enjoying water sports on our boat we can discuss cost, time and availability. Do you have an anniversary trip and want to plan a special memory with your loved one let’s dream and discuss what we could pull off. Ie: rose petals from entrance to the bedroom, prepared bubble bath before arrival with champagne or maybe a private candlelight dinner on our rooftop terrace or covered porch one evening. We can dream up some fun things for an additional cost depending on our availability.

This bespoke home is located across from Harbor Island, the only island on Old Hickory Lake. Launch boats for free and stroll in the park across the street. Go just 5 minutes to reach another park with an actual beach, plus volleyball and grills.

It’s roughly 25 minutes from the nashville international airport. There are rental cars at the airport and Lyft & Uber pick up and drops off at our house along with Taxi’s.

From the lake it’s roughly a half hour to downtown as well.

We do have our kitchen above this apartment so if you book with us please be prepared to hear footsteps and other noise from time to time during your stay. It isn’t obnoxious but we do want you to be aware of this.

The space
This in-law quarter w/ separate kitchen/living room is filled with a stainless steel refrigerator, microwave, pots and pans, coffee maker, and other amenities you would most likely see at your own home! What makes this stay unique is all the unique art and one of kind decor from various artisans. In addition to the interesting decor, the home is located in walking distance to old hickory lake. Nearby there is a boat ramp where you can launch your boat so feel free to bring your boat for water sports, fishing etc or you can even ask the host the availability of a guided day on the lake for an additional fee which includes life jackets and the various water toys like skis, wakeboard and tubes that host has. (Depending on scheduling and availability)

This private residence has it all! Separate entrance with private kitchen/living room, bedroom & full bathroom. Old Hickory Lake is less than a minute from this location which has a free public boat launch and park that is a perfect place for picnics and to enjoy water sports, wildlife and nature. 

Downtown Nashville is less than 25 minutes away so you can enjoy the scenic lakeside activities during the day & then head downtown and enjoy all the sights and sounds that music city has to offer!

Guest access
Guest has private entrance to their Airbnb which includes living room/full kitchen, private bedroom and private bathroom.

Other things to note
We do have our kitchen above this apartment so if you book with us please be prepared to hear footsteps and other noise from time to time during your stay. It isn’t obnoxious but we do want you to be aware of this.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Greg
Host User ID: 50075405
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/50075405
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We love to be hospitable and helpful to people coming to Nashville for business or vacation. Our goal is that we help answer any questions about the city and surrounding areas so that you can maximize the time spent here. We are a fun, adventurous, creative family that loves life and others. We live with a heart of gratitude for each day and look at life as a gift!
My work: Artist manager
Lives in Mount Juliet, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
1045 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting