URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/31765360
Latitude: 36.18281
Longitude: -86.79292
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This luxurious four-bedroom home is located in one of Nashville’s most desirable and safe neighborhoods. Just seven minutes to all of Music City's best sights! The home sleeps 12 and is perfect for group gatherings. Unwind on our sprawling, private roof-top deck with skyline views, wet bar, and cozy fire table. Our 95% five-star rating from previous guests and our generous cancellation policy means you can book with confidence. Please no parties, loud noise, or loud music.

The space
Our brand-new home is situated seven minutes to the heart of downtown Nashville. The home is sunny, with high ceilings and is elegantly appointed with stylish furnishings and locally-inspired artwork.

Private Rooftop Deck. After a long day of touring Music City, unwind on our peaceful and sprawling rooftop deck with serene views of downtown Nashville and the Tennessee State Capitol building.  Grab a drink from the adjacent wet bar and cozy up next to our outdoor natural gas fire table for the perfect end to a perfect day.  Or prepare a group brunch and dine alfresco after a late night at the honky-tonks.  We provide a four-burner gas grill, propane and all the tools you'll need for a cook-out.

Kitchen. Enjoy all stainless-steel appliances, beautiful granite countertops and an upgraded kitchen. Pots, pans, dishes, accessories — you'll find all the tools you need to put together a snack or a feast.

Sleeping. Our home has four bedrooms and a total of nine beds. We provide all the necessary linens and blankets for a good night's rest, including down comforters and down pillows for a luxurious sleep. Rest assured, all pillows and bedding are hypoallergenically sealed for comfort and hygiene. A Pack 'n Play crib is also included.

-- Master Bedroom: one high-quality king-sized Saatva plush soft mattress and en suite bathroom 
-- Bedroom Two: One queen-sized plush Saatva mattress
-- Bedroom Three: Two twin Saatva plush soft mattress
-- Bedroom Four: Two bunk beds with four twin mattresses
-- Living Room: One queen-sized sleeper sofa with a MiracleFoam mattress

Bath. The home has three full bathrooms. Two bathrooms have a combination tub/shower; the master bathroom has a double vanity and walk-in shower with a rainwater shower head. We provide towels as well as a starter kit of shower gel, shampoo, conditioner and lotion. Leave the hair dryers and make-up mirrors at home. We have those, too.

Entertainment. Kick back in front of one of our large LED-screen televisions -- one in each bedroom and living room -- equipped with Disney+, ESPN+, Netflix, Amazon Prime and thousands of hours of on-demand content. Of course, the home is also equipped with wireless high speed internet and some classic board games in case of a rainy day.

Safety. Our home is located in the desirable Salemtown/Germantown neighborhood and is considered quiet and safe. The home itself is equipped with digital keypad door locks. No fumbling with a lockbox when you arrive. Each guest has their own unique code which ensures that you are the only one with access to the unit during your stay. (You can even pick your own code.)

Kid-friendly. We've child-proofed this home. Breakables and dangerous items have been moved out of the little ones' reach. We've provided an easy-to-set-up Graco Pack 'n Play crib for bedtime as well as a baby gate to prevent access to the stairway. Two bathrooms have a low-profile tub/shower combinations for an easy bath time.

Other amenities: The home also includes an iron, ironing board, cleaning supplies, and extra large washer and dryer.

Guest access
This is a totally private, independent home with separate and dedicated entrances. Guests have access to the entire home and no areas are shared.

Other things to note
Help us ensure that our guests remain welcome in our community. Please be respectful of our neighbors and follow all our house rules. Specifically, loud noise and loud music, including on the rooftop deck, are prohibited at all times. Noise violations may incur a fine taken from the guest's security deposit. We use privacy-compliant NoiseAware sensors to detect noise levels that could disturb our community.

Rest assured, our home is a legally-permitted short-term rental. If you choose to stay elsewhere, verify your host is permitted to avoid being evicted by authorities during your vacation. A municipal 6% occupancy tax and per-night and lodging tax of $2.50/night will be shown during check-out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Aaron
Host User ID: 18393059
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/18393059
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We travel a lot and love hosting folks in our home when we're out of town.  We also help our friends and family who are deployed overseas manage their homes on AirBNB.
Lives in United States
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
2338 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting