URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1219693980097154181
Latitude: 36.2704
Longitude: -86.5155
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
You will LOVE this beautiful, charming, spacious & fun 4 bedroom, 2 bath home!! Only 1 minute from our favorite Lake in Nashville - Old Hickory Lake. This house has a large backyard, with a back deck that includes outdoor dining space, and a fire pit. Spacious on the inside and the outside. Enjoy lounging outside while taking in the beautiful Tennessee weather. When you’re not exploring the city or having fun on the lake, our cozy house is the perfect location to relax and unwind!!

The space
This beautiful and spacious 4 bedroom, 2 bath home is in such a great location. It’s less than 1 minute from our personal favorite Lake in Nashville called Old Hickory Lake and boat ramp at Cedar Creek Marina and Scoreboard Bar and Grill.  The home is perfectly situated between two of the most fun marinas in Nashville - less than 1 minute to Scoreboard Bar and Grill at Cedar Creek Marina which has a floating restaurant, bar and live music and only 10 miles to Sam’s Sports Bar and Grill at Blue Turtle Bay Marina which also has a floating restaurant and bar. Also a very easy 16 mile drive from the Nashville BNA airport and 22 miles to downtown Nashville - Broadway. 

Our home is spacious on the inside and outside. The patio overlooks the fire pit for evening get togethers, and sing alongs. The patio is perfect for soaking up the sun with dining seating.  Our backyard is private and the massive trees keep it temperate and private. When you’re not exploring the city or enjoying the inside of our cozy home, our patio and yard are perfect for outdoor fun.

PARKING:
Long driveway for large boat parking and vehicles.

HOUSE LAYOUT:
You will enjoy this entire home with thoughtfully designed rooms and living spaces.

House of Marinas at Old Hickory Lake has FOUR spacious bedrooms optimal for sleeping 12 guests.  There are also 11 beauty vanity stations to get ready which are separate from the bathrooms to allow everyone a personal space area for getting ready for your day or night out on the town.

All fun, bright and funky tones flow throughout the home. 
This home is newly furnished with your comfort in mind and our goal is to make you feel right at home.

HOUSE FEATURES:

TOP FLOOR:
Living Room
Kitchen
Dining Room
Full Bathroom
Outdoor Patio
6 vanity beauty stations for ease of getting ready
2 Bedrooms  (1 bedroom with king bed, 1 bedroom with 2 queen beds)

THE RUDDER at ANCHOR HIGH MARINA BEDROOM FEATURES:
1 King Bed

AWDADDYS at GALLATIN MARINA BEDROOM FEATURES:
2 Queen Beds

BOTTOM FLOOR:
Kitchenette
Full Bathroom
Bar seating area 
5 vanity beauty stations for ease of getting ready
2 bedrooms (1 bedroom with king bed, 1 bedroom with 2 queen beds)

SCOREBOARDS at CEDAR CREEK MARINA BEDROOM FEATURES:
1 King Bed

SAMS SPORTS BAR at BLUE TURTLE BAY MARINA BEDROOM FEATURES:
2 Queen Beds
Vanity Station for 1 for ease of getting ready

This newly remodeled 4 bedroom 2 bath home includes all the amenities to make you feel right at home:

AMENITIES INCLUDE:
- Outdoor fire pit 
- Patio Grill
- Smart TV in the living room
- Smart TVs in each bedroom
- Luxury finishes and fixtures
- Free WiFi
- Fully equipped kitchen (top floor)
- Kitchenette (bottom floor) 
- Dining table with seating for 12 guests
- Washer & Dryer FREE inside the home
- Iron/Iron board
- Hair dryers 
- Fresh bed linens (professionally cleaned and sanitized) 
- 11 individual vanity beauty stations for ease of getting ready with your group 
- Plush towels
- Toiletries - shampoo, conditioner, body soap, body lotion
- Cozy pillows
- Dishwasher
- Keurig coffeemaker - coffee, creamer, sugar
- Air-conditioning/heat

If this space is booked please feel free to inquire about our other accommodation options.

HELPFUL BOOKING DETAILS:

PRESIDENTS/VETERANS/MEMORIAL/JULY 4th/LABOR DAY HOLIDAY WEEKENDS: Sunday night must be booked with your reservation.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
In addition if you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

CLEANING:
We pride ourselves in providing a clean home for our guests. We hire cleaners that not only work hard, but take pride in their craft. They treat the property as their own and we pay them well for a thoroughly clean home. If during your stay, anything isn’t up to your standard please let us know immediately so that we can make it right for you right away. Your satisfaction is our top priority!

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire home during their stay. Free parking for vehicles and boat. And keyless entry are included for convenience!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dorinda
Host User ID: 28196034
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/28196034
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born and raised in Nashville, we are deeply connected to the local music, boating, and warm community that feels like family. We’ve thoughtfully prepared every detail to make your stay truly special and comfortable. Whether it’s your first visit or you’re a seasoned traveler, this is your home away from home. Need anything? Just ask, we’re here to ensure you feel right at home in your cozy Nashville retreat.
My work: CozyStays&HappyHeart
I spend too much time: Organizing
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
4447 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting