URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1361553845657308266
Latitude: 36.1515
Longitude: -86.7782
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Make the move to Music City in a space that’s anything but a "blank space." Featuring a resort style pool, pro karaoke, and billiards, this Nashville sanctuary is designed for those who want their vacation to shimmer. Located minutes from Broadway and the Gulch, it’s a love story between luxury and local fun. Your enchanted Nashville era starts right here!

STRP#2025011452

The space
Welcome to your private Nashville wonderland! This isn't just a place to crash—it's a high-energy sanctuary designed for those who want to experience the soul of Music City in high fidelity. Whether you're cooling off in the resort style pool after a day of touring or hosting a private karaoke showdown that would make 16th Avenue proud, every inch of this space is curated for "Grammable" memories. It’s a getaway that feels like a dream come true.

💎 The Music City Advantage:

The Lucky One: From the mini-billiards table to the full-scale karaoke machine, you’ll be the envy of every traveler in town.

Endless Summer Vibe: Stay in a quiet, secure pocket of the city while remaining just a quick rideshare away from the neon magic of Broadway.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown:

Primary Bedroom: 1 King Bed (sleeps 2) with premium memory foam—a place in this world to truly rest.

Second Bedroom: 1 Queen Bed (sleeps 2)

Living Area: Optimized for relaxation with 4K Smart TV access for all your favorite eras of film.

Bathroom: Full designer bathroom.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:
Don’t let travel logistics "break your spirit." We’ve made arrival effortless with keyless smart-lock entry and dedicated parking. Our secure building ensures you can leave the world behind and focus on the music and the fun from the second you pull up. It’s a perfectly orchestrated entrance.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

🎸 Iconic Music & Sports Venues

The Grand Ole Opry: The show that made country music famous.

Ryman Auditorium: The "Mother Church" of country music—a holy ground for fans.

Nissan Stadium: Home to the Titans and the biggest stadium tours.

Bridgestone Arena: Catch a Preds game or a massive pop concert.

Bluebird Cafe: The legendary "listening room" where stars are born.

📸 The "Girlie" & Aesthetic Spots
6. The Gulch Mural: Snap a photo in front of the iconic "WhatLiftsYou" wings.
7. White Limozeen: A pink, Dolly Parton-themed rooftop bar that is purely bejeweled.
8. Love Circle: The best "hidden" lookout for a cinematic sunset view of the skyline.
9. Kittenish: Shop Jessie James Decker’s boutique for the perfect Nashville outfit.
10. L.A. Jackson: A chic rooftop bar perfect for a sparkling girls' night out.

🍽️ Must-Try Dining & Drinks
11. Hattie B’s Hot Chicken: A "red" hot Nashville tradition you simply can't miss.
12. The Hampton Social: Famous for the "Rosé All Day" lounge and seaside vibes.
13. Pancake Pantry: A legendary breakfast spot—the lines are long but the reward is sweet.
14. Milk & Honey: The dreamiest brunch spot in the Gulch for lattes and biscuits.
15. Old Glory: A stunning boiler-room-turned-bar for high-fidelity cocktails.

🛍️ Points of Interest & Shopping
16. Broadway (Honky Tonk Highway): The neon heart of the city—music on every floor.
17. Centennial Park: Home to the Parthenon—a perfect spot to read on the grass.
18. Uncommon James: Kristin Cavallari’s flagship store for jewelry and home goods.
19. 12 South Neighborhood: Walkable street filled with murals and high-end boutiques.
20. Draper James: Reese Witherspoon’s boutique—pure Southern charm in a bottle.

🐾 Pet Policy:
To ensure a pristine, allergy-free environment for all our guests, this property is a strictly pet-free environment. We do not allow pets of any kind on the premises.

For essentials: Publix or Whole Foods 🛒

Craving comfort food? Walk to Arnold’s Country Kitchen for legendary Southern classics 🍗 or try The Stillery for mouth-watering burgers 🍔 and mason jar cocktails 🍹

For craft cocktails: Bar Sovereign 🍸 or Whiskey Row if you're in your 1989 era 🍷

Live music lovers: The Listening Room Cafe 🎶 is a must-see for singer-songwriter vibes!

From the team at Harley's Homes and Playlist Properties, we hope you have a magical Nashville experience—no bad blood, just good times! ✨🎉

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting