URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1741560541712670606
Latitude: 36.1947
Longitude: -86.7563
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Bring your group together in this bright, three-level East Nashville townhome with 4 bedrooms, 4 full bathrooms, and 7 beds. The open living area, full kitchen with island seating, and covered deck make it easy to relax between Nashville adventures. Three king bedrooms plus a twin bunk room give everyone room to settle in, while string lights and the Nashville flower wall create a fun backdrop for memorable group photos.

The space
Welcome to your bright, stylish home base for a Nashville group stay. This modern three-level townhome is thoughtfully laid out so your group can spend time together without feeling crowded.

🛋️ Gather together

The open-concept main living area is made for relaxing after a day in Music City. Settle into the comfortable seating, enjoy the wall-mounted TV, or gather around the kitchen island while meals and plans come together.

🍳 Cook, dine & connect

The full kitchen features stainless-steel appliances, including a refrigerator, oven/range, microwave, and dishwasher. You’ll also find a coffee maker, toaster, cookware, dishes, and kitchen basics for easy meals at home. The island has seating for four, creating a relaxed spot for breakfast, snacks, or pre-show conversations.

🛏️ Sleeping arrangements - 4 bedrooms / 7 beds

The bedrooms are spread across all three floors for added privacy:

First floor: One king bedroom
Second floor: One bunk room with two twin-over-twin bunk beds - 4 twin beds total
Third floor: Two separate king bedrooms

With three king beds and four twin beds, the home offers comfortable sleeping space for groups, families, friends, and Nashville weekend getaways.

🚿 Four full bathrooms

With 4 full bathrooms, your group has plenty of space to get ready. One of the bathrooms features a spacious double vanity and glass walk-in shower, while the home’s modern bathrooms help make mornings and nights out easier for everyone.

🌿 Covered outdoor deck

Step outside to the private covered deck, a standout place to unwind. It includes lounge seating, a ceiling fan, soft string lighting, and a fun Nashville flower-wall backdrop - perfect for memorable group photos before heading out.

👥 Traveling with a larger group?

We also manage Montgomery Ave #10, the neighboring home with the same 4-bedroom, 7-bed layout. When both homes are available and booked together, your group can enjoy 8 bedrooms, 14 beds, and sleeping space for up to 20 guests while staying close together. Please message us to ask about availability for both homes.

Guest access
Guests have private access to the entire #9 residence, covered deck, and garage access. Detailed self-check-in instructions and private access codes will be shared 24 hours before check-in. Please keep all access details private and do not share them with anyone outside your reservation.

Other things to note
No smoking is allowed anywhere on the property. This is a three-level home with interior stairs. Early check-in and late checkout are not guaranteed and must be approved in advance, based on availability and the cleaning schedule.
We also manage Montgomery Ave #10, the neighboring home with the same 4-bedroom, 7-bed layout. When both homes are available and booked together, your group can enjoy 8 bedrooms, 14 beds, and sleeping space for up to 20 guests while staying close together. Please message us to ask about availability for both homes.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Greg
Host User ID: 79298514
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/79298514
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
My work: Healthcare
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
286 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting