URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1120911122642373085
Latitude: 36.2187
Longitude: -86.7041
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Nashville at Club Wyndham - a charming resort a mile from the Grand Ole Opry and minutes from downtown's music, history, and nightlife. This spacious 3-bed, 3-bath lock-off condo sleeps 8, featuring two king beds, a full kitchen and dining area, and a private balcony with peaceful forest views. Enjoy in-unit laundry, pools, a hot tub, fitness center, and warm Southern hospitality - your ideal Music City home base.

The space
Nestled in the heart of Music City, this charming resort exudes Southern hospitality. You'll find everything you need to explore Nashville's vibrant music scene, historic landmarks, and lively nightlife. Nashville is the perfect home base for experiencing the best of Nashville. It's conveniently situated near the Country Music Hall of Fame, the lively shops and restaurants of Green Hills, and the Nashville Zoo. After a day of adventure, return to the resort's warm, welcoming atmosphere.
Welcome to Club Wyndham Nashville - Your 3-Bedroom, 3-Bath Lock-Off Condo Includes:
Enjoy the best of space, privacy, and comfort in this flexible 3-bedroom, 3-bath lock-off unit, perfect for families, couples, or groups. Located just minutes from the action, this luxury unit offers a peaceful retreat with all the comforts of home. Spacious 1,605–1,671 sq ft layout
 Sleeps up to 8 guests

 Bedrooms:
Master Bedroom: King-size bed with attached ensuite and jetted tub (most units)
Second Bedroom: King-size bed
Third Bedroom: Two double beds (varies by unit)

 Living & Dining:
Open-concept living room – some units include a sofa sleeper (varies)
Full kitchen and dining area – enjoy meals at your own pace

Balcony/patio with peaceful forest views – perfect for morning coffee or evening wine (varies)

 Convenience & Comfort:
In-unit washer and dryer

 Important Note:
Buildings 10 and 11 do not have elevator access. Guests with mobility concerns may wish to request a lower floor (based on availability).

 Note: Photos may not reflect the exact unit you’ll be staying in. Your suite may vary slightly.
“Varies” reflects resort policy, not ours – the resort reserves the right to adjust bed sizes or layout configurations.
Wyndham requires a full name and address for guest confirmation, with valid photo Id, and must be at least 21 years of age. 

You must message us the full name and physical address as it appears on the photo Id, of the person who will be checking in. Only this person may check the group in. Changes to the guest confirmation name will require a $99 change fee. This policy is Strict and will not be waved.

A valid credit card will be required at check-in. There will be a $250 credit card hold which is released at check-out if there are no outstanding charges.

Service animals that are trained to work or perform tasks for the benefit of an individual with a disability are welcome at all Wyndham Destinations Managed locations. All other animals, trained or untrained, whose sole function is to provide emotional support, therapy, comfort, or companionship do not qualify as service animals and are not permitted at Wyndham Destinations Managed locations.
We want you to enjoy your stay here, so we offer a plethora of amenities: 
Activities Center
Barbecue Area
Basketball
Business Center
Children's Playground
Children's Pool (Outdoor/Seasonal)
Computer With Internet (Shared)
Concierge Services
Conference Room
Fitness Center
Horseshoes
Hot Tub (Outdoor)
Movie Rentals
Picnic Area
Shuttle Services (Limited Area Attractions)
Swimming Pool (Heated/Outdoor)
Swimming Pool (Indoor)
Swimming Pool (Indoor/Outdoor)
Swimming Pool (Outdoor)
Some may incur a fee 

Buildings 10 and 11 do not have elevators.

Pets are not permitted.

Daily housekeeping is available at an additional charges.

No shows and early departures will not receive a refund. The entire balance (100%) will be forfeited.

Inquire with resort regarding smoking regulations
Parking is free (no valet parking available).

The nearest grocery store is five miles from the resort.

A vehicle is recommended to enjoy the area.

If you are using your vehicle's Gps system or an online mapping service for driving directions, please enter the following address: 2415 McGavock Pk, Nashville Tx 37214
What To Do in Nashville:
- Visit Downtown Nashville
- Grand Ole Opry
- The Johnny Cash Museum
- Ryman Auditorium
- Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
- The Hermitage
- Nashville Zoo
- The Parthenon
-Boating
-Golf
-Lake
-Tennis Courts
Whether you're looking to tour the Jack Daniel's Distillery, hear great live music, or soak up Nashville's rich history, Club Wyndham Nashville has you covered. Located just a mile from the iconic Grand Ole Opry
The resort will be undergoing construction from Aug. 2, 2025 through Oct. 30, 2025. During this time, noise, dust, odor and work crews onsite may be experienced. Dates are subjected to change.
You expressly understand and agree that the resort may charge your credit card for any violation of the resort’s Rules and Regulations, including but not limited to violations of the smoking and pet policies and any damages to your room or the resort caused by you or your guests.
Any violation of the resort’s Rules and Regulations may result in additional fines and penalties, including but not limited to the right to remove you and your guests from the resort premises without a refund. A credit card is required for the $250 security deposit at check-in. This deposit is fully refundable at checkout, provided no damage has occurred. The primary guest checking in must be 21+ years old.
No shows and early departures will Not receive a refund. The entire balance (100%) will be forfeited.
Service animals that are trained to work or perform tasks for the benefit of an individual with a disability are welcome at all Club Wyndham Managed locations and Not Managed locations. All other animals, trained or untrained, whose sole function is to provide emotional support, therapy, comfort, or companionship do not qualify as service animals and are not permitted at Club Wyndham Managed or Not Managed locations.
This is a time-share resort. You will be a guest of the owner. You might be offered a gift for listening to the Wyndham timeshare presentation. This is Not obligatory.
Photos and descriptions are accurate but might not match your exact room. Similar to a hotel, units are assigned at check-in. Upon arrival, you may request a specific building, floor, or view, and the resort staff will do their best to accommodate based on availability
You may request as many keys as there are people staying in the unit. Keys are key cards and bracelets.
If you need to change the name on the reservation for any reason, or modify the date range, or cancel after 24 hours, the resort charges a $99 modification fee.

Guest access
We want you to enjoy your stay here, so we offer a plethora of amenities: 
Activities Center
Barbecue Area
Basketball
Business Center
Children's Playground
Children's Pool (Outdoor/Seasonal)
Computer With Internet (Shared)
Concierge Services
Conference Room
Fitness Center
Horseshoes
Hot Tub (Outdoor)
Movie Rentals
Picnic Area
Shuttle Services (Limited Area Attractions)
Swimming Pool (Heated/Outdoor)
Swimming Pool (Indoor)
Swimming Pool (Indoor/Outdoor)
Swimming Pool (Outdoor)
Some may incur a fee 

Buildings 10 and 11 do not have elevators.

You expressly understand and agree that the resort may charge your credit card for any violation of the resort’s Rules and Regulations, including but not limited to violations of the smoking and pet policies and any damages to your room or the resort caused by you or your guests. Any violation of the resort’s Rules and Regulations may result in additional fines and penalties, including but not limited to the right to remove you and your guests from the resort premises without a refund.

Pets are not permitted.

Daily housekeeping is available at an additional charges.

No shows and early departures will not receive a refund. The entire balance (100%) will be forfeited.

Inquire with resort regarding smoking regulations

Other things to note
Included services

- Swimming pool

- Cot/Crib

- Heated Pool

- Parking

- Heating

- Air conditioning

- Internet Access

- Towels

- Final Cleaning

- Bed linen

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andrew
Host User ID: 564117068
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/564117068
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm Andrew, kind of a homebody, but thats because I love being home with my family.  Life is good.
My work: Business Owner
Most useless skill: Putting in PGA2k
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
714 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting