URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1669779894396828955
Latitude: 36.19570771254101
Longitude: -86.78103920824836
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 9
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to That '70s Show by AvantStay. Groovy retro design meets modern Nashville comfort in this 4-bedroom townhome, where rooftop soaks under skyline views and impromptu piano jam sessions are all part of the stay.

🛁 Private rooftop hot tub with sweeping Nashville skyline views
🎸 Game room with bumper pool, piano, and arcade-style video game table
🌆 Quiet riverside pocket, ~10 min to Broadway's honky-tonks

The space
Retro never really left — it just moved into a townhome along the Cumberland River. That '70s Show leans all the way into its era with vintage-inspired décor, bold color, and design details that earn a double-take, but the bones underneath are pure modern Nashville: open-concept living, four bedrooms, four bathrooms, and a rooftop that steals every evening.
⠀
The main level opens into a bright, gathering-friendly living space that flows straight into the dining area and a fully equipped kitchen. There's room here to actually cook together before heading out, and room to linger when nobody feels like leaving. A functional themed piano, a card table, and a bumper pool table turn the living area into a built-in game room — the kind of setup where someone always ends up at the keys after the second round of drinks. A custom sound system with guitar-shaped speakers keeps the soundtrack going.
⠀
Upstairs, a top-level entertainment area adds a game console for late-night tournaments or lazy afternoons in. Three of the four bedrooms feature plush king beds, each with its own personality and plenty of space to actually unwind. The fourth bedroom is built for the crew — a lofted bed plus a sleeper sofa make it the go-to room for kids or extra guests. Four bathrooms, including one with a tub-shower combo, mean nobody's waiting in line before a Broadway night.
⠀
Then there's the rooftop. A private hot tub sits front and center, with sweeping views of the Nashville skyline that hit different at sunset. String lights, comfortable lounge seating, and open sky make it the natural starting point for the evening — and the natural ending point, too, when everyone gets back from the honky-tonks and nobody's ready to call it.
⠀
The location is a quiet riverside pocket that keeps the city close without putting you in the middle of it. Broadway's legendary honky-tonks are about a 10-minute ride. Nissan Stadium is right there for game days, and Germantown and East Nashville are an easy hop for dining, coffee, and the kind of live music that doesn't make the tourist guides. Topgolf is minutes away, and the Pontoon Saloon — a floating river bar — launches nearby for one of the more memorable ways to see Nashville from the water.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths: 
- This home allows up to 2 pets for a fee; undisclosed pets brought without AvantStay’s approval may result in a $500 fine per pet.

Parking Details:
- Two parking spaces are available directly in front of the property.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit: 2025/10/2487

Registration Details
2025102487

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6912 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting