URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/14503480
Latitude: 36.194
Longitude: -86.7561
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to ★The Gibson★ This gorgeous three-story, high-end townhome is perfect for large groups coming to see Nashville! This place is within 3 mins to Downtown Broadway's Honky Tonks, East Nashville's HOT Five Points area, and Shelby Park. You're also within 10 minutes to 12 South, The Gulch, Sylvan Park, and Germantown! You’ll love this place because of the coziness, the kitchen, the high ceilings, and the location! My place is good for couples, solo adventurers, business travelers, families

The space
★Layout★
This space is gorgeous, top to bottom, inside and out!  Comfortably sleeping a group of 10 with 1 king, 1 queen, 2 fulls and a high-end pull-out couch, this place is perfect for your large groups!  With plenty of free street parking, you’re just a quick 5 minute ride to Nashville’s famous Honky Tonks.  

★Neighborhood★
This place is so centrally located that you’ll be wherever you  need within 10-12 minutes!  Be sure to explore East Nashville’s Five Points Area, 12 South, The Gulch, Germantown, Sylvan Park, and the Titan’s Stadium (Nissan Stadium) before you leave!

★House Rules★
During your stay, we ask that you remember to be respectful of your neighbors. Quiet hours are from 10pm- 7am. For real, take the party to the Honky Tonks on Broadway. Additionally, thank you for respecting our 'no smoking' and 'no pets' policy so that we can keep our properties in the best condition possible. Pets include but are not limited to cats, zebras, livestock, and/or spouses. There are also no firearms permitted within the home or on the surrounding property. Should you choose to ignore this, there will be a $300 fine assessed for breaking either of these rules. We thank you for refraining and being respectful of our homes - please don't make us hunt you down for fines as it cuts into our nap time.

Guest access
Guests will have 100% private access to the entire home!  No access to the attached garage shall be granted.

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Security Camera Disclaimer★
For your safety and the security of our properties, most of our rentals have a ring doorbell camera or an external camera located on the exterior of the home. No indoor cameras are present - your privacy is fully respected. 

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
Born in the 80s
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23127 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting