URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1093474352226178188
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Downtown Nashville just steps from Broadway in this stylish 1BR retreat with a private balcony overlooking the pool and courtyard. Sleeping up to 6 guests, this Music City getaway features a king suite, two queen beds, gourmet kitchen, Smart TV, and access to premium amenities including a pool, fitness center, sky lounge, and courtyard. Perfect for couples, friends, business travelers, and Nashville adventures.

The space
Downtown Nashville Retreat with Private Balcony

Experience the energy of Music City from this stylish apartment located in Nashville's vibrant SoBro district. With a private balcony overlooking the pool and courtyard, premium amenities, and an unbeatable location near Broadway, this is the perfect home base for your Nashville stay.

Sleeping Arrangements

🛏️ Bedroom

King bed
Private en-suite bathroom

🛏️ Additional Sleeping Area

Two queen beds

👥 Accommodates up to 6 guests comfortably

Apartment Features

🌇 Private balcony overlooking the pool and courtyard

📺 Smart TV for entertainment and streaming

🍳 Gourmet kitchen with stainless steel appliances

✨ Quartz countertops and oversized island

☕ Fully stocked with cookware, dishes, and kitchen essentials

🛋️ Comfortable living space with high ceilings and relaxing décor

📶 High-speed WiFi

Luxury Building Amenities

🏊 Outdoor swimming pool

💪 Two-level fitness center

🧘 Yoga studio

🧗 Climbing wall

🌆 Sky lounge with city views

🔥 Fire pits and grilling stations

🌳 Courtyard gathering spaces

🏢 The Collective co-working and lounge area

🛎️ On-site concierge, maintenance, and security

Parking

🚗 One reserved parking space available for $35/night

Additional paid parking options are available nearby.

Permit #2018074419

Guest access
Guests will have full private access to the apartment and shared access to the building's amenities.

The property utilizes the LATCH access system for secure entry. Prior to arrival, instructions will be provided for accessing the apartment, building entrances, elevators, stairwells, parking garage, and amenities.

If you arrive before check-in or depart after check-out and require luggage storage, Baggage Bellhop is available onsite daily from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM.

Please note that due to the property's downtown location, occasional city noise, public events, nearby construction, or temporary amenity closures may occur.

Other things to note
Other Things to Note

Please note that building amenities such as the pool, fitness center, elevators, and common areas are managed by the building and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance or unforeseen circumstances. Refunds cannot be provided for temporary amenity closures.

Important Building Policies:

🚭 No smoking or vaping anywhere on the property.

🍹 No glass containers permitted in pool areas.

🔇 Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM – 7:00 AM.

🏊 Pool Hours: 10:00 AM – 8:00 PM.

🐾 No pets allowed.

🅿️ Lost or unreturned parking passes may incur replacement fees.

📹 Security cameras are located in common areas including the courtyard, parking areas, The Collective, lobby, sky lounge, and pool.

🏢 Building amenities and common spaces are shared with other residents and guests.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Leah
Host User ID: 180985588
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/180985588
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! I am so excited to host you and am passionate about creating a 5-star experience during your stay. I've been in Nashville about 4 years and fell in love with the city. I'd love to give you recommendations on places to eat or things to do, just let me know!
Born in the 90s
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
960 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting