URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/53047205
Latitude: 36.34825
Longitude: -86.47538
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Gallatin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This cozy two-bedroom, two-bath home is located in Gallatin, TN offers a comfortable, relaxing place to unwind after a day on the lake or exploring the area. The open-concept living area features comfortable leather seating and a 65" Roku Smart TV-perfect for relaxing with family and friends.
The primary suite includes a king-size bed, Smart TV, and private en-suite bathroom with a large walk-in shower. The guest bedroom offers a comfortable queen-size bed and its own Smart TV.

The space
The Neighborhood

Welcome to your peaceful getaway in Gallatin, nestled beside beautiful Old Hickory Lake. This charming mobile home is tucked beneath mature shade trees, offering a relaxing retreat just steps from waterfront dining, live entertainment, and scenic lake views.

Enjoy lunch, dinner, or a leisurely Sunday brunch at Awedaddy's Bar & Grill (seasonal). Famous for the Waylon Burger and signature Bushwhacker, Awedaddy's features live music Thursday through Sunday on the outdoor patio. Since the restaurant is within walking distance, you may hear live music from the property during entertainment hours.

Please Note: This home is located within a small mobile home community inside Gallatin Marina. Neighboring homes are in close proximity. We do not own the neighboring properties and are not responsible for the maintenance or management of the surrounding homes or property.

Things to Do Nearby
Historic Downtown Gallatin – Browse locally owned boutiques, enjoy a cup of coffee, and explore great restaurants. Be sure to check our guidebook for some of our favorite local spots.

Gallatin Farmers Market – Visit on Saturday mornings for fresh produce, baked goods, handmade soaps, local crafts, and more (seasonal).

Lock 4 Park (1 mile away) – A beautiful lakeside park featuring walking and biking trails, fishing, wildlife viewing and picnic areas. 

Gallatin Marina – Rent a boat or spend the day on the water. Bringing your own boat? Contact the Marina office for inquires on slip rentals and availability.

Nashville SUP & Yoga – Learn to paddleboard or book a guided paddleboard experience on Old Hickory Lake.

Cruisin' Tikis Nashville – Enjoy a unique floating tiki boat cruise departing directly from Gallatin Marina. Check their website for current schedules and availability.

Convenient Location
Walking distance to marina dining and entertainment
1 mile to Lock 4 Park
Public boat launches nearby
Excellent fishing, boating, hiking, biking, and playgrounds within minutes.
Approximately 40 minutes to downtown Nashville
Approximately 35 minutes to Nashville International Airport (BNA)

Whether you're planning a fishing trip, boating adventure, family vacation, or a relaxing lakeside escape, this cozy marina retreat offers the perfect home base for enjoying everything Gallatin and Old Hickory Lake have to offer.

Guest of Lot 11 will have access to the entire home and outdoor deck area.

Guest access
Guests staying at Lot 11 have full access to the entire interior of the home and the front deck area.

Please use the sliding glass doors as the primary entrance and exit during your stay. The back door is for emergency use only.

Please note that the yard behind the home is not part of the rental property. It is the front yard of a neighboring residence, and guests are kindly asked to respect their privacy by not entering or using this area.

Other things to note
Publix, Kroger, Aldi, and Walmart are all located within approximately 2 miles of the property. You'll also find plenty of nearby dining options, including Panera, Chick-fil-A, LongHorn Steakhouse, Chili's, Cracker Barrel, Starbucks, Wendy's, Jimmy John's, Arby's, and many more.

• Grocery and restaurant delivery is available through Instacart, DoorDash, and Uber Eats for added convenience.

• Awedaddy's Bar & Grill is just steps from the front door and is within easy walking distance.

• Boat and trailer parking is not permitted directly in front of the home. Please message us for information about the designated overflow parking area. Please note that electrical hookups are not available in the overflow lot. Contact the office at Gallatin Marina for boat slip rentals and availability.

• To help ensure a peaceful stay for all guests and neighbors, quiet hours are from 10:00 PM to 8:00 AM.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Josh
Host User ID: 111490980
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/111490980
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
707 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting