URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1171966497467167856
Latitude: 36.1713
Longitude: -86.6808
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our two queen bed motel-style unit at The Lodge! With premium amenities like a kitchenette, double vanity bathroom and fitness center, we’ve created this perfect motel style unit to be a great home-away-from-home while visiting Nashville.

☆10-15 min ~ 5.7 Miles from Broadway!
☆Mins away from Gaylord Convention Center and Opry Mills
☆Onsite Gym & Steam Room 
☆Double vanity and walk-in shower
☆Kitchenette
★No pets allowed
★No parties allowed
★No smoking

The space
This studio motel-style unit is located at The Lodge in Donelson, Tennessee. This unit has a keypad lock entry which grants ease during check in. Once inside, you will find the luxurious queen beds, kitchenette and double vanity bathroom. Plush towels and soft linen ensure a blissful sleep. The smart TV offered in the unit allows guests to access any of their streaming services featured on the TV. With 100mpbs WiFi speed, remote workers will have a quiet oasis while away from the office. Guests can enjoy the building’s amenities, including a fitness center and steam room. Conveniently located near dining, shopping, and entertainment, The Lodge offers easy access to the best of Donelson. A Kroger grocery store is just across the street for any last-minute groceries or late-night snacks. Plus, we offer an exclusive EV charger in our parking lot for electric vehicle owners. Inquire for more details

☆Queen Beds: Sink into luxury with a plush queen sized beds, complete with high-quality linens and pillows for a restful night's sleep.

☆Kitchenette: Re-heat quick meals and snacks in the convenient kitchenette, equipped with a mini-fridge and microwave.

☆Modern Bathroom: Refresh yourself in the sleek bathroom featuring a walk-in shower and double sinks, stocked with premium toiletries and fluffy towels.

Guest access
Guests will have access to their private unit, ample free outdoor parking on premises, and by request only, the building gym and steam room. To obtain access to the building gym and steam room, please review the house rules section and contact our team for directions and access!

Further direction to access the property and your unit will be sent to you via text message the day before your arrival.

Other things to note
**IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR MORE SPACE OR DIFFERENT SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS, REACH OUT TO US AS WE HAVE MULTIPLE UNITS IN THE BUILDING!

★Upon booking, guests will receive a text from our team with a rental agreement. The agreement is to acknowledge our house rules as well as provide your email address which allows us to invite you to the door app for check in!
★Further direction to access the property and your unit will be sent to you via text message the day before your arrival.
★Rest assured, our team is around 24/7 for any emergency that may arise.
★ Review our additional rules for our mandatory Gym Liability acknowledgment.
★ NO PETS, parties or any smoking of any kind allowed. 
★NO SMOKING, the property is 100% smoke free. No smoking in the unit, building, or on any balcony. There is a $300 minimum fine for any evidence of smoking or smell mitigation required. 
★For tips on places to eat, things to do, & all things #Nashville find us on insta! @urbannashvacations. Ask us about our Linktree for awesome deals & partnerships we have!
★Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that an early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.

Registration Details
2024047492

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Lodge
Host User ID: 581566608
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/581566608
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are the Gray Family, proud owners of the McDonald's franchises here in Nashville. Living and working in this vibrant city ourselves, we are delighted to have you as our guest at The Lodge. 

Thank you for letting us host you! It's our pleasure to provide you with a clean and fun spot in the Donelson area of Nashville. Enjoy Music City and always reach out if you need anything!
Fun fact: We own and run the Mcdonalds next door!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1266 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting