URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1511737942358028224
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Top-floor VIP penthouse just 8 mins walk to Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, Country Music Hall of Fame & Nashville’s best honky-tonks. Sleeps 8 w/ 2 beds, 2 baths, balcony, karaoke stage, luxe lounge, full kitchen, & free parking. Resort pool, sky lounge, fitness center w/ climbing wall. Live like a star!

The space
✨ Sky High Penthouse #623 | VIP Luxury Stay in Downtown Nashville | Sleeps 8 | Karaoke Stage + Skyline Views
🏙️ Experience Nashville from the Top – Literally.
Welcome to the Sky High Penthouse — an exclusive, top-floor luxury condo just an 8-minute walk from Broadway’s legendary honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, The Ryman, and all the heart-pounding energy of Downtown Nashville.
This isn’t just a place to crash — it’s your private penthouse lounge in the sky, where every detail is designed to elevate your trip from a getaway to an experience.
Whether you’re in town for a bachelorette party, birthday weekend, girls’ trip, or a VIP-style stay, Sky High Penthouse offers style, space, and skyline views you won’t find anywhere else.
🌟 Why You’ll Love This Penthouse:
🎤 Karaoke Stage + Professional Sound System
Be the star of your own show with your private in-unit performance space.
🛋️ Luxe Club-Style Lounge Seating
Relax on a plush, modern sectional perfect for pregames, game nights, and after-hours hangs.
🌇 Private Balcony with Skyline Views
Sip cocktails as the sun sets over the city. It's Insta-perfect.
☕ Fully Stocked Kitchen & Barware
Everything you need — Keurig with complimentary pods, full cookware, drinkware, and stainless-steel appliances.
💤 Sleeps 8 Comfortably with premium linens, multiple sleeping options, and total comfort in mind.
🚗 1 Free Parking Spot (plus optional second available) — rare in downtown!
🛌 Spread Out in Style – Sleeps 8
Bedroom 1 (Primary Suite)
1 King Bed
Ensuite bathroom with walk-in shower
Large closet with: Queen Air Mattress + Twin Rollaway Bed (all bedding included)
Bedroom 2
2 Queen Beds
Private ensuite with tub/shower combo
Smart TV and full closet space
All beds feature high-end linens, plush pillows, and modern decor designed to feel like your own luxury suite.
🛁 2 Modern, Fully Stocked Bathrooms
Soft towels, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, hair dryers, and extra TP
Spacious vanities and showers for getting ready in VIP style
💎 Included Building Amenities – Your Downtown Resort
🏊‍♂️ Outdoor Pool & Sundeck – Cool off or lounge poolside with a drink in hand
🌇 Sky Lounge – Take in panoramic views of the Nashville skyline
💪 Full Fitness Center – Includes indoor rock climbing wall
🔥 Outdoor Fireplace + Grill Area – Great for group hangouts
🛋️ Chic Common Spaces for pre-dinner drinks or post-Broadway chill time
📍 Unbeatable Location – Walk to All the Action
Just steps from:
Lower Broadway – Live music, rooftop bars, iconic honky-tonks
Bridgestone Arena – Home of concerts and Nashville Predators
Ryman Auditorium, Ascend Amphitheater, Music City Center
Amazing coffee shops, brunch spots, fine dining, and boutique shopping
You’re not just visiting Nashville. You’re living it — from the penthouse down.

#623

💬 A Personal Note from Your Host
Hey there — and welcome to Music City! 🎶
I designed the Sky High Penthouse with one mission: to give you the ultimate Nashville experience, from the moment you walk through the door to your last toast on the balcony. Whether you're here to celebrate something big or just want a luxury base for your weekend adventure, this place is all about helping you live like a rockstar — with skyline views to match.
From the karaoke stage to the club-style lounge seating and the epic balcony sunsets, every detail is curated for good vibes, comfort, and connection. I want you and your crew to feel like this is your very own VIP suite in the sky.
If you need anything at all — from local recommendations to help with early check-in or trip planning — I’m just a quick message away. I’m here to make sure your time in Nashville is as fun and stress-free as possible.
Thanks for considering Sky High Penthouse #623 for your trip. I’d love to host you and help make your visit unforgettable.
Cheers from the top,
Your Host 🤘🌆

Guest access
This entire apartment complex along with this unit is accessed by a keyless smartphone entry system called Latch. Please be sure to have it download and watch the tutorial from the link in the email prior to your trip to ensure smooth check-in procedures.  Please keep your phone charged up and have it with you at all times since it is required to access the building and the unit.

If you plan to arrive prior to check-in or leave later than your check-out time and need a place to store your baggage, Baggage Bellhop is available onsite 7 days/week 9AM - 5 PM

Other things to note
Please Note:
While we always strive to provide a comfortable and positive living experience, there are certain factors beyond our personal control that we want to clarify:
We are not responsible for external variables outside of this building, such as noise, construction, or private/public events happening nearby.
This property is part of a larger complex managed by building management, who oversee:
Common areas and shared spaces
Exterior maintenance
Interior maintenance of physical systems and appliances (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, HVAC, and drywall)
When it comes to maintenance requests or issues, we are required to follow the building’s procedures and timelines. We will always do our best to communicate and advocate on your behalf, but please understand that resolution times are ultimately determined by the building’s management and service teams.

This is a multi-unit building, and there may be other guests staying in neighboring units.
While we expect everyone to be respectful, we cannot control the behavior of other guests, including potential noise.
If excessive noise occurs after quiet hours, you may report it directly to the building’s overnight security, who are available to assist.
Thank you for your understanding and cooperation! If you have any questions or concerns ahead of your stay, feel free to reach out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Phubodee
Host User ID: 549157111
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/549157111
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 90s
My work: Hosting
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
3 years hosting
1511 reviews
4.72 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting