URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1648219726177037510
Latitude: 36.17474
Longitude: -86.79355
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Big crew? You found the right place.
Welcome to Monroe House #15  A spacious, stylish Nashville home built for groups of up to 16 guests.
With 4 bedrooms, multiple bunk beds, plenty of room to spread out, and an incredible shared courtyard with two pickleball courts, fire pits, BBQ grills, games, and outdoor hangout space, this is more than somewhere to sleep it's part of the Nashville experience.
And when it's time for Broadway? Downtown Nashville is just a quick ride away.

The space
The Space
Three floors. Four bedrooms. Room for 16. One seriously fun Nashville stay.
The home features a bright, modern design with an open living area where everyone can gather before heading downtown or wind down after a night on Broadway.
You'll also have a full kitchen, dining space, comfortable living room, and everything your group needs to make the house feel like home for the weekend.

Sleeping Arrangements
Designed with larger groups in mind, Monroe #15 comfortably accommodates up to 16 guests across four bedrooms.
Whether you're planning a bachelor or bachelorette weekend, birthday celebration, family getaway, wedding weekend, or friends' trip, there's space to keep the whole crew together under one roof.

The Courtyard
Here's where your stay gets even better.
Step outside and you'll have access to Monroe's shared social courtyard featuring:
2 pickleball courts
Fire pits & lounge areas
BBQ grills
Cornhole
Foosball
Giant Jenga
Outdoor dining & gathering spaces

Parking
No need to stress about where the group is going to park.
Monroe House #15 includes a private attached 2-car garage, giving you convenient parking and easy access for unloading luggage when you arrive.

Location
Stay close to Nashville's biggest attractions while having plenty of room to relax away from the downtown crowds.
You're just a quick ride from:
Broadway • Germantown • The Gulch • Nissan Stadium • Bridgestone Arena • Ryman Auditorium • Nashville Farmers' Market
Spend the day exploring Music City, come home for drinks and pickleball, then head back out when you're ready for Nashville nightlife.

Perfect for Groups
Monroe #15 was made for trips where everyone wants to stay together.
Perfect for bachelor & bachelorette trips, birthdays, wedding groups, girls' weekends, guys' trips, family getaways, concerts, sporting events, and group vacations.
Have more than 16 people?
Ask about booking multiple Monroe Houses together. Your group can have separate homes while still staying together within the same community.

Good to Know
The courtyard is a shared social space with guests from the neighboring Monroe Houses. It's designed to be a fun, welcoming place to gather, play, grill, and enjoy Nashville.
Quiet hours begin at 11 PM.
Exterior security cameras monitor portions of the property's exterior and courtyard. There are no cameras inside the home.
Self check-in makes arrival simple and convenient.

Nashville is better with the whole crew.

Guest access
Guests have private access to the entire home, including the kitchen, living room, bedrooms, bathrooms, laundry area, and your own private attached two-car garage.
Private Two-Car Garage
Your stay includes access to a private attached two-car garage, giving you the convenience of secure, dedicated parking right at the home.
Please note:
Garage space may vary depending on vehicle size. Additional free street parking is available on Monroe Street on a first-come, first-served basis.
Shared Courtyard
Step outside your front door and you'll be right in the heart of the Monroe community—our shared social courtyard, designed for groups to gather, play, and enjoy time together.
Enjoy two pickleball courts, fire pit seating, BBQ grills, outdoor dining tables, cornhole, foosball, and giant Jenga.
The courtyard is shared with guests staying in the neighboring Monroe Houses, creating a fun and social atmosphere while you still enjoy the privacy of your own home.
It's especially convenient for larger groups booking multiple homes—you can have your own private spaces while still gathering together just steps from your front door.

Other things to note
Pet Policy
We’re delighted to welcome your four-legged travel companion! We allow up to three dogs per stay for a fee of $150 per pet. To help us properly prepare for your arrival, please let us know in advance if you'll be bringing a dog with you.

At this time, cats are not permitted.

No Smoking or Vaping
The Monroe House #15  is a 100% smoke- and vape-free property. Smoking and vaping are prohibited inside the House, and courtyard.
A $200 cleaning fee may be charged for violations of this policy.

Gather, Play & Be Respectful

Coming to Nashville with friends or family? We want you to have a great time! Small, respectful gatherings are welcome, and guests are encouraged to enjoy our shared courtyard, pickleball court, fire pits, BBQ grills, ping-pong, and cornhole.

We simply ask that you:
Keep noise at a respectful level, especially after 
11 PM
Make sure the number of guests matches your reservation
Respect other guests and our neighbors
Avoid excessive noise, illegal activity, and unauthorized guests
Security cameras are located in common and exterior areas to help maintain a safe and enjoyable environment for everyone.

Superhost Hospitality
Stay with confidence knowing you’re in experienced hands. Our team has welcomed hundreds of Nashville guests, and we pride ourselves on providing clean spaces, responsive communication, and an easy arrival experience. Our Airbnb recognition for a Great Check-In Experience reflects what we aim to deliver with every reservation: a smooth arrival, a comfortable stay, and a Nashville experience worth remembering.

Have questions before or during your stay? Send us a message anytime. We’re here to help make your Nashville trip a great one.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Notable Collection
Host User ID: 699711821
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699711821
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
2514 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting