URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/14318833
Latitude: 36.17996
Longitude: -86.79206
rental_type: Private room in home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Nashville in Style

Enjoy boutique accommodations in a private suite located in the vibrant Salemtown/Germantown neighborhood. This meticulously decorated suite features two bedrooms and a private Jack & Jill bathroom. You’ll be within walking distance of award-winning restaurants, unique shops, and local attractions, making it the perfect base for your Music City adventure.

The space
Welcome to Your Private 2-Bedroom Suite!

Experience boutique comfort in this charming private suite, nestled in the vibrant Salemtown/Germantown neighborhood—one of Nashville’s most historic and lively areas. This thoughtfully designed space offers two cozy bedrooms and a Jack & Jill bathroom, blending comfort and style for a perfect stay.

Here’s what awaits you:

Bedroom 1:
	•	Queen bed
	•	internet TV with cable
	•	Large closet

Bedroom 2:
	•	Full bed
	•	internet TV with cable
	•	Small desk—ideal for remote work
	•	Large closet

Jack & Jill Bathroom:
	•	Double vanity
	•	Shower/tub combination
	•	Complimentary toiletries and fresh towels ￼

Amenities:
	•	Wireless internet throughout the suite
	•	Access to kitchen refrigerator and microwave for basic cooking needs ￼

Please Note:
	•	This is not a full house rental; guests do not have access to the living and dining areas.
	•	The suite is exclusively yours during your stay, even if you’re booking for just one person.
	•	Only individuals included in the original reservation are permitted on the property.

Parking:
	•	Ample FREE street parking is available directly in front of the house.

Host Availability:
I’m always available via text or the Airbnb app to assist with any questions or concerns during your stay.

We look forward to hosting you and ensuring a comfortable and enjoyable experience!

Guest access
Welcome to your private suite! Your reservation includes:
	•	Two Bedrooms – Each with comfortable furnishings and a shared Jack‑and‑Jill style bathroom.
	•	Kitchen Amenities – While the main living and dining areas are not available, you are welcome to use the kitchen refrigerator and microwave for basic cooking needs.
	•	Workspace – One bedroom features a small desk suitable for work. For more space, the neighborhood offers excellent coffee shops and co‑working venues — just ask for recommendations. (Please note: the dining room table is not available as a workstation.)
	•	Parking – Ample free street parking is available directly in front of the house.

⸻

Important notes
	•	Occupancy – This is not a full house rental; access is limited to the private suite and listed amenities.
	•	Additional Guests – Only individuals included in the original reservation are permitted on the property.

⸻

Check‑in details

Access codes will be provided through the Airbnb platform one day before arrival.

We look forward to hosting you and ensuring a comfortable, enjoyable stay. Please don’t hesitate to reach out with any questions before or during your visit.

During your stay
I like to give guests their space to soak up all Nashville has to offer. I travel often and may not be in town during your stay but I’m always available via phone, text, or the Airbnb app should you have any questions, need dinner or going out suggestions.

Other things to note
This property has video surveillance.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Blake
Host User ID: 7961115
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/7961115
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I love traveling, football, wine & cooking. Foodie.  I'm originally from Atlanta but Nashville has been my stomping ground for a long time so I can provide lots of info on many of the cities hidden gems.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Vanderbilt
I spend too much time: Eating out
Most useless skill: sabering champagne bottles
I’m happy to spend time with my guests or give them space
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
346 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting