URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/26764632
Latitude: 36.19089
Longitude: -86.77145
rental_type: Private room in guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 3
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
A little Nashville hideaway made for slowing down between adventures. This private suite puts you within an easy walk of some of the city’s favorite restaurants and coffee spots, and a short 5-7 minute drive to Nissan stadium & lower Broadway (the nightlife of Nashville) while giving you a calm, beautifully put-together place to come back to. It’s the kind of stay where you can grab a great coffee in the morning, spend the day exploring, and be back in your own space when you’re ready to unwind!

The space
YOUR PRIVATE NASHVILLE SUITE

Welcome to your newly renovated Nashville hideaway, a private suite that is part of our home, but completely private from the rest of the house. You’ll have your own dedicated space with no shared hallways or interior living areas, giving you the privacy to come and go and enjoy your stay at your own pace.

One of the best parts of the location is how easy it is to experience the neighborhood on foot. You’ll be within walking distance of some of Nashville’s top restaurants, coffee shops, and local favorites, with the city’s bigger attractions just a short trip away (Nissan stadium is only 1.5 miles away, and lower Broadway is just 2 miles away)

☘︎THE LIVING SPACE

The newly renovated suite has a bright, comfortable living room with a cozy sofa and Smart TV, a relaxing spot to settle in after a day of exploring Nashville.

The space has a clean, modern feel with plenty of natural light and thoughtful touches throughout, while still feeling comfortable and easygoing.

☘︎THE KITCHEN

The full kitchen is ready for everything from a quick breakfast to a meal at home. You’ll find a refrigerator, range and oven, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, blender, dishes, and utensils.

The kitchen island offers bar seating for two, making it a natural spot for morning coffee, a quick bite, or a glass of wine while you wind down for the evening.

☘︎THE BEDROOM

The private bedroom offers a comfortable Queen bed and a calm, inviting space to recharge after a full day in Nashville.

☘︎THE BATHROOM

The private ensuite bathroom features a beautiful stand-in shower, toilet, sink, and counter.

☘︎THE LOCATION

Broadway is just 2 miles away, putting Nashville’s famous honky-tonks, live music, bars, and nightlife within easy reach. But you don’t have to go all the way downtown to find something great, some of Nashville’s top restaurants and coffee shops are within walking distance of the suite.

Grab your morning coffee, explore the neighborhood, head downtown for the day, and come back to your own private space when you’re ready to slow down.

Whether you’re here for Nashville’s food scene, live music, a weekend with friends, or simply a change of scenery, this newly renovated private suite gives you a comfortable home base in a location that makes exploring easy!

Guest access
Guests have exclusive access to the entire private suite, which is separate from the main living areas of the home. You’ll have your own private space without sharing hallways or interior living areas with the rest of the home.

The suite has its own secure access, allowing you to come and go freely throughout your stay!

Other things to note
As you plan your trip to Nashville, don't miss out on exploring the fantastic bars and restaurants within walking distance, such as The Pharmacy, Mas Tacos Por Favor, Red Headed Stranger, Folk, and Shugga Hi. In anticipation of the upcoming holidays like Memorial Day, Independence Day, and Labor Day, our suite is ideally situated for travelers looking to experience Nashville's vibrant atmosphere and events during these festive times. Be sure to book your stay early to avoid disappointment. Our property is well-equipped to cater to guests visiting Nashville during the spring season. The city comes alive with a host of events, concerts, and festivals, making our centrally-located suite the perfect home base for all your springtime adventures. Major points of interest within Nashville are easily accessible from our location – Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum, Ole Smoky Distillery & Yee-Haw Brewery, The Escape Game Nashville (Downtown), and Johnny Cash Museum are just a stone's throw away. Please review the house rules before making your reservation, and kindly adhere to them during your stay. This includes no smoking or pets, following check-in/check-out times, and disposing of garbage responsibly. Your cooperation is appreciated, ensuring a pleasant stay for all. Experience Nashville in style and comfort with our welcoming, centrally-located suite. Book now, and let us treat you to a memorable Music City getaway!

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

Registration Details
2018040152

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
Born in the 90s
My work: Carebnb Properties
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4606 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting