URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1595877468152922207
Latitude: 36.0242
Longitude: -86.539
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: La Vergne, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 5
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Escape to a modern home that sleeps 12, featuring a huge garden and private woods. 5 bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms (including 2 en-suite rooms), along with spacious living area filled with natural light and forest views. Have fun in the LED-lit game room, equipped with air hockey, billiards, ping-pong, darts, and a kids' play area. Relax on the back porch, enjoy breakfast outdoors, work from home in a peaceful setting, and plan your next adventure 30 minutes from Nashville 10 minutes from the lake!

The space
Welcome to Nido de Águilas (Eagle's Nest), a modern, tree-surrounded retreat where comfort, tranquility, and connection come together. This spacious home is designed for families and groups looking to create unforgettable memories without sacrificing proximity to the city: you’ll be just 30 minutes from downtown Nashville, 10 minutes from the lake, and 3 minutes from supermarkets, restaurants, and shops.

The five bedrooms are thoughtfully appointed with cotton linens, spacious closets, and warm lighting. Two primary suites feature private en-suite bathrooms and dedicated workspaces—complete with a desk and mini-fridge—ideal for those who need to balance relaxation with productivity. Additionally, a bunk room offers the perfect fun space for kids or teens.
We recently converted our garage into an adult-friendly game room featuring air hockey, billiards, ping-pong, darts, board games, a TV, and plenty of space. There is even a dedicated area for little ones to practice their motor skills, try archery, or enjoy a good book!

The living area is bathed in natural light and features a 65-inch TV, high-speed internet, and a fully equipped modern kitchen. The home’s contemporary design, complemented by artwork and unique touches, creates an atmosphere that is both elegant and cozy.

Outside, you’ll find a true escape: a spacious yard surrounded by woods and flowers, featuring seating areas, umbrellas, a relaxing swing, and a cozy fire pit perfect for sharing stories under the stars. Whether you’re enjoying your morning coffee amidst the sounds of nature, spending a quiet afternoon outdoors, or enjoying a special evening by the fire, this is the place to be.

Nido de Águilas is the perfect spot to unplug, breathe in the fresh air, and make memories with family and friends—all while keeping the energy and attractions of Nashville just minutes away.

Guest access
You are welcome to enjoy all areas of the property! The home offers convenient parking for up to 6 vehicles. For larger groups, additional parking is also available along the quiet street in front of the property, allowing space for up to 2 more vehicles if needed.

Other things to note
We offer you an elevated and exclusive retreat from which to observe the beauty of the surroundings, just like an eagle from its nest, ideal for lovers of well-being, tranquility, and adventure in natural environments. At the back of the property, there is a small forest where deer, rabbits, birds, squirrels and beavers, Get ready to enjoy the singing of the birds and observe the flowers in the garden.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Yenifer
Host User ID: 441245125
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/441245125
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I love the nature!  
The nature brings us to our senses

One of the unique things about nature is that it pulls us into experiencing sensory awareness, rather than being caught up in our thoughts.

When your senses are captivated by the beauty and mystery of a natural setting, it slows all the noise of mental chatter that normally clogs up our attention.

I invite my guests to disconnect from the noise. this is a simple, cozy and beautiful place!
Speaks English
Lives in La Vergne, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
169 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting