URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/980509118961830212
Title: 2Mi to Brdwy in WeHo! ~ City Views ~ Sleeps 10!
Latitude: 36.1363
Longitude: -86.7624
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: rendered_map.LocationPdpSectionView.mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Moore! Experience modern comfort in this 3BR, 2.5BA Nashville Weho home for 10. Walk to great coffee, the fairgrounds, Geodis Park - or take a quick Uber to Broadway, just 7 min away. A great deck with city views awaits plus open living and dining concept and huge windows for natural light throughout the home! Great for bachelor / bachelorette trips, group hangs, or family gatherings.

The space
Discover the pinnacle of modern comfort in this inviting 3-bedroom, 2.5-bathroom Nashville haven, where up to 10 guests can bask in luxury. With upscale amenities, including a stylish kitchen, elegant bedrooms, and a scenic deck, your stay promises an unforgettable experience. Stroll to the Fairgrounds, explore galleries, and savor delectable cuisine at nearby restaurants. Situated just a stone's throw from downtown, local universities, and renowned music venues, your urban adventure awaits. Enjoy hassle-free parking, and make this charming retreat your Nashville home-away-from-home.

⭐Highlights -  
- Awesome proximity to Broadway - 7 min uber ride, 2 miles away. Plus, local faves like The Gulch, 12 South, and Music Row are all less than 10 min away 
 - Cool rooftop deck with shade canopy  
- Great open living and dining concept.  
- Private fenced in yard  
- Fully equipped kitchen with complimentary coffee from Nashville favorite, The Well.  
- All bathrooms are equipped with premium full-sized body wash, hand soap, and shampoo and conditioner
- 3 spacious bedrooms - 1 queen bedroom, 1 queen over queen bunk bed, and a 2 queen bedroom. Sleeps 10!  

- Neighborhood: In the Wedgewood-Houston area, you're just a 10-minute walk to the Nashville Flea Market and Fairgrounds and 5 minutes to a series of art galleries, restaurants, and bars. Try a fancy cocktail at Bastion and pick up some delicious treats at Dozen Bakery. Brush up on your history and drive a few miles to see a replica of the Parthenon. To catch some live music, it's only 2 miles to downtown, 6 miles to the famous Bluebird Café, 2 to the Ryman Auditorium, and 10 to the infamous Grand Ole Opry.

Guest access
The whole house is yours to enjoy!

Nice to meet y'all! We're Kalos Dwellings - we're two husband and wife duos, but best friends above all. We're Nashville locals and here to serve. We're happy to host you and invite you into our little corner of Nashville.

Other things to note
- Parking: We have a carport that can fit 2 vehicles. 
- Minimum age to rent the home is 21.
- We love our furry friends, and they need a vacation too! We allow dogs that is under 30 lbs and non- shedding (1 dog only). If your pup fits that criteria, we’d love for you to bring them along. A one-time, non-refundable pet fee of $150 will be added to your reservation. Thank you for understanding!
- Vacation disruptions can be a bummer. While it doesn’t happen often, you may experience issues with Wi-Fi. We are not responsible for any disruptions to the Wi-Fi service or any construction that may affect your experience. Please note that such occurrences are beyond our control, and we appreciate your understanding and patience in these matters.
- Locals: Guests must reside outside the local Nashville area to book this home      
- This home is currently listed for sale. While showings during guest stays are rare, they may occasionally be requested. If so, our team will always communicate with you in advance and work around your stay as much as possible.
 
This home is proudly managed by Kalos Dwellings, we're excited to welcome you into our lil slice of Nashville. Please don't hesitate to reach our if you have any questions at all.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kalos Dwellings
Host User ID: 351901804
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/351901804
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Sarah and I am one of the co-founders of Kalos Dwellings along with my husband, Dustin, and our best friends, Aaron and Tara.  
Our entire team of hosts are here for anything you need during your stay!
My work: Kalos Dwellings
Fun fact: We are family owned and operated.
Response rate: 99%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
4967 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting