URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1482045769886232528
Latitude: 36.1563
Longitude: -86.7738
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to SoBro Guest House (Units 18-21) by AvantStay! 

- 4 suites in one boutique-style building in SoBro
- Total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping 8 guests
- Walkable to Broadway, restaurants, and live music venues
- Full kitchens, smart TVs, and high-end bath products in each suite
- Original local art by Nashville muralist Nathan Brown
- Ideal setup for groups or couples traveling together

The space
Welcome to SoBro Guest House (Units 18-21) by AvantStay! These four suites are located in the same boutique building in Nashville’s vibrant SoBro neighborhood, with a combined total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping 8 guests—an ideal setup for couples, friends, or groups looking to stay together while still enjoying their own private space.

Just a few blocks south of Broadway, SoBro Guest House puts you steps from Nashville’s iconic live music venues, local eateries, buzzing bars, and the electric energy that makes Music City famous. Whether you're catching a show, exploring historic sites, or tasting your way through local favorites, everything is right outside your door.

Each of the four suites features apartment-style comfort with elevated design. You’ll enjoy a full kitchen, a living area to relax in, and a private bedroom with luxe linens. Every space is equipped with smart TVs, high-end bath amenities, and locally roasted coffee for slow Southern mornings. Original art by Nashville muralist Nathan Brown adds a splash of creative flair to each suite, making your stay feel distinctively local.

Bringing the whole crew? With this buyout, your group can stay close while enjoying personal space and privacy—no coordinating separate bookings or walking between properties. It's the best of both worlds: together when you want to be, solo when you need to recharge.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

SoBro, short for South of Broadway, is one of Nashville's most exciting and walkable neighborhoods. Just steps from Broadway's legendary honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, and the Country Music Hall of Fame, it's a place where music, food, and local culture collide. You'll find some of the city's best restaurants, rooftop bars, and coffee shops nestled alongside art galleries, boutique shopping, and vibrant street murals. With downtown and The Gulch just minutes away, SoBro is the perfect home base for exploring the very best of Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- There is no elevator onsite.
- The specific layout and decor within each suite may vary from what is shown in the images.
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.

Parking Details:
- The SoBro guest house parking lot operates on a paid nightly structure. Overnight parking is $35 per night. Short-term parking is $5 for up to 1 hour and $35 for 1–24 hours.
- Guests of AvantStay will receive a 25% discount during their stay. Use discount code GST25.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620307121

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting