URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/21200262
Latitude: 36.1542
Longitude: -86.7642
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Spacious 4BR/2BA home for up to 10 guests. Gated Free parking, private pickle ball court , fire pit, and a cozy front porch for relaxing. Two Kings, two Queens, plus a sitting room with 2 twin trundles. Full kitchen and fast Wi-Fi. Just a 10-min drive to the airport and walking distance to Nissan Stadium, Broadway, and Ascend. Perfect for groups wanting comfort, space, and prime Nashville access!
This is a seriously unique find with such walkability to all of the downtown Nashville hotspots.

The space
As our guest, you'll enjoy full access to a spacious and well-appointed home designed for comfort and convenience. The house features 4 over sized private bedrooms—two with King beds, two with Queen beds—plus a cozy sitting room with two full-size twin trundle beds, comfortably sleeping up to 10 guests. With 2 full bathrooms (each with a shower), getting ready is easy even for larger groups.

The fully equipped kitchen has everything you need for cooking, gathering, and entertaining. Outside, unwind with your favorite drink on the welcoming front porch, roast marshmallows at the fire pit, or challenge your friends to a game on the brand-new private pickleball court—paddles and balls included!

We offer gated parking for up to 6 vehicles behind the house, and the entire property is fully enclosed by a beautiful red wrought iron fence for added privacy and peace of mind. Within the gated back area we have a fire pit and chairs for you use. We offer Duraflame logs for an extra $12.00 per log should you wish to use. They are in the white crate on back porch. 

Traveling with a pet?
We’re pet-friendly—with prior approval. We allow well-behaved dogs that meet our breed and weight guidelines. To keep the space enjoyable for all guests, pets are not allowed on furniture or beds, and we require guests to clean up after their pets (failure to do so may result in an additional fee).

For the comfort of future guests, we maintain an allergy-free guarantee. A $75 pet cleaning fee applies to all approved pet stays. Please share your pet’s details with us when booking to ensure a smooth and welcoming experience.

The gated yard is ideal for most pets, though please note that very small puppies may still be able to slip through small gaps.

We look forward to hosting you in Nashville—whether you're here to explore the city, catch a concert, or simply relax with your group in comfort and style!

Guest access
Guests will have full and private access to the entire home and outdoor spaces throughout their stay. This includes:

All 4 spacious bedrooms

The sitting room with twin trundle beds

2 full bathrooms

A fully equipped kitchen

The living and dining areas

A private pickleball court (paddles and balls provided)

A front porch perfect for morning coffee or evening wine

A backyard fire pit for relaxing and roasting marshmallows

Gated parking in the rear for up to 6 vehicles

The home is fully fenced for privacy and peace of mind. You’ll enjoy the property as your own during your stay—perfect for unwinding, connecting, and making memories with friends or family.

Gate Access: Is with a lock-box and key. 
House Access: Is with a digital door code. We do have a security system for the house that you can use at night if you want to. 
We disarm the system prior to your arrival so you don't have to worry about that. 

Guests will also receive a self-check-in code and instructions prior to arrival for convenient, secure entry.

Other things to note
When we purchased this home over 25 years ago, the neighborhood was going through a period of transition, so we added the custom red wrought iron fence for security. Today, it offers both privacy and charm—and conveniently keeps your pickle-balls from rolling away during a game!

The property is located on Lindsley Avenue, just a two-minute walk to the Cordelle Wedding Venue and steps from Metro Government buildings, making it a uniquely central and walk able spot in the heart of Nashville.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Pat
Host User ID: 16672701
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/16672701
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Recently receiving Super Host status with airbnb was an achievement I am very proud of.  I grew up in Michigan and rode horses in 4H then lived in Tucson,Az.... love the desert and mountains and skiing.  Last 4 decades I raised my 3 children in Nashville Tn on a farm with chickens, horses, sheep and cattle.
Where I went to school: Michigan State
My work: Garmezy Media
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
168 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting