URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1243498081406461760
Latitude: 36.1518
Longitude: -86.7851
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Mercury View Lofts! This 2 bedroom is a spacious 950 sq ft situated on the 4th floor of our building in the heart of the Gulch neighborhood in downtown Nashville. 

• Walk-able to restaurants, coffee shops, & shopping
•  Gym access by request - OFFSITE at our sister property just 0.2 miles away. 
• Free WIFI
• Full Kitchen
• Lock box entry (you will have a key)
• No check-in or check out on Saturdays allowed
• Public Parking onsite starting at $45/day with in and out privileges

The space
Working remotely in Nashville? We’d love to host you! Whether you’re in town for a work trip, an extended project, or simply want a change of scenery, our space offers a comfortable home base while you work and explore Nashville. Staying longer? Reach out to inquire about extended-stay options—we’d be happy to accommodate your work trip!

Located in one of Nashville's most vibrant neighborhoods, the Gulch, Mercury View Lofts is exactly where you want to be to take advantage of all that the Music City has to offer. Situated directly across the street from Nashville’s iconic Station Inn, the lofts are walking distance to a variety of restaurants and nightlife. Just six blocks to the Music City Center. Continue two blocks further to enjoy Broadway nightlife. The loft’s convenient location will allow you to leave your car at home and explore the city on foot.

The 950 SF loft features 15 ft ceilings and huge windows that overlook the vibrant Gulch neighborhood. The loft offers two king-size beds, as well as a sleeper sofa in the living room that provides a second sleeping spot if needed. The first bedroom towards the front of the unit is a true bedroom with a door and it's own bathroom. The second bedroom is a lofted space with an opening to the living room. 

There is a room divider provided to offer guests sleeping in this bedroom privacy. We offer a Smart-TV with all streaming capabilities (NO cable), WIFI, and a washer and dryer in the unit!

PARKING: Parking starts at $45/night in the public lot onsite - if staying 5 or more nights, please inquire about discounted parking options!

Gym access by request - OFFSITE at our sister property just 0.2 miles away. Please request from the hours of 8:30am - 5pm. All requests after 5pm will be handled the next business day! 

Please note, the unit has an industrial open piping structure, which has the potential for more noise when the AC/Heat kicks on. If you are sensitive to that type of noise, let our team know! We do provide a sound machines in the bedroom, but are happy to provide ear plugs if needed as well.

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire unit during their stay as well as the shared patio hall space on the third floor. Prior to your arrival, you will receive a unique keypad code that will serve as your keys to the property. You will have a code to enter the building and a code for your unit.

Gym access by request - OFFSITE at our sister property just 0.2 miles away.

PARKING: Parking starts at $45/night in the public lot onsite - if staying 5 or more nights, please inquire about discounted parking options!

Other things to note
→ Our nightly minimum varies depending on the time of year and day of the week. Refer to our calendar for the most up to date availability and feel free to message us with any questions. 

→ If this unit isn't available, we have other Mercury View lofts! Check them out here: https://www.airbnb. com/wishlists/139123140

→ Still not finding what you're looking for? Check out more of our properties here: https://www.airbnb. com/users/show/6855810

→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.

→ Entry: You will have keys to the unit. You will receive two codes before check-in via email - one for the building access and one to the lock box at the unit door. 

→ Parking: Parking starts at $45/night in the public lot onsite - if staying 5 or more nights, please inquire about discounted parking options!

→ Gym Access is available by request only and must be requested 24 hours before your arrival. If requested within 24 hours of your arrival, fob access may not be granted until one day after your arrival. The Gym is located at our sister property about a 5-10 minute walk away. The gym is open 24/7. You must be 21 years or older to access the gym.

→  Regarding the unit: Max occupancy is 6 people. There are a dishwasher and icemaker. Laundry is in the unit. There are two king beds and a queen sofa bed. Note that the bedroom in the living room is NOT separated by a door, it is an open lofted concept with two steps to the bedroom. Towels & linen are provided (including linen & pillows for the sofa bed). Linen for the sofa bed is housed in the first bedrooms closet. Travel-sized toiletries, a hairdryer, iron, and ironing board are provided. A drip coffee maker and basic kitchenware are also provided. Guests are responsible to provide any additional amenities desired such as additional toilet paper after the initial set up is used. Feel free to use our record player! Please be mindful of our quiet hours of 10pm to 8am.

→ There is NO cable, but there is a Smart TV with all streaming capabilities

→ After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival, if booking same day, you may call our team as soon as you've booked. Please ensure your number on your Airbnb profile is up to date.

→ Rest assured, our team is around 24/7 for any emergency that may arise.

→ The permit # can be found in the listing captions.

Registration Details
2024076793

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: UrbanNashville
Host User ID: 6855810
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6855810
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We are UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals. We're a small, locally owned management company. We pride ourselves in providing the best rental experience for you while you visit Music City! 

Our properties are located all over popular areas of Nashville. We have a spot for every traveller.

If you need any recommendations for the best places to check out, let us know! The chances are good that we have been there, and tried that. We look forward to hosting you

- Paige, Jordan & Adisson
My work: Nashville Enthusiast
Most useless skill: Junk journaling my travels
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
14220 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting