URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/41939670
Latitude: 36.1472
Longitude: -86.7811
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
1 mile to BROADWAY!  2BR 2BA The perfect place to kick off your boots for some downtime. Enjoy Nashville then come home to a clean, SPACIOUS & tastefully designed Nashville themed decor AND AN AWESOME LOCATION.  Downtown Nash LUX@ILLUME Minutes to EVERYTHING! Located in Gulch View just 1/2mi to Gulch, 1 mi to Broadway HONKY TONK ROW, walk to it all!  This condo hits the high note to make your visit to Music City a smash hit.

The space
Enjoy your Nashville home as much as the city. This contemporary condo community hits all the right notes to make your stay memorable.  From the city views to the community courtyard pool deck, the sophisticated Cali meets Nashville space allows enough separation for quiet time if you should need to do any additional work while in town.  

The open kitchen with modern design features allows everyone to be a part of the action. Relax in the light filled  living room complete with solar shades for privacy or unwind on the  extra long balcony to take in the sights and sounds of downtown. With over 1100sf, the 2BR/2BA is intimate enough for 4 yet ample space and comfortable beds for 8 with the additional trundle twin beds and a plush comfy memory foam sofa sleeper. Strong WiFi and AT&T fiber cable connection ensure you'll have what you need to complete your work efficiently, catch up on social media, watch a game or Netflix and chill before heading to the Honky Tonks. 

In-unit Keurig and coffee essentials for that 1st cup of joe provided, then stop by Starbucks 1/2 mi from the condo as you head out for an early meeting, sightseeing or just an additional pick-me-up before hitting Honky Tonk Row. Stay in tune with your fitness routine at our on-site state of the art fitness center or our amazing pool area open seasonally. Need additional assistance, ask our on-site concierge attendant or check our complete and up-to-date Home Manual for a guide to city happenings. Stay safe in our secure key card access building and controlled-access parking facility. 

What sets us apart from the large catalogue of options in Nashville is our unique native-to-Nashville decor, luxury furnishings, local host with a commitment to provide you with 5-STAR hospitality, our own high standards of cleanliness and attention to detail to ensure we are Music City pitch perfect.

PLEASE READ!
- Three night weekend minimum March-October
- Fri/Sat must be booked together unless reservation is for 5 nights or longer
 - Metro Nashville STR codes requires the principal renter shall be at least 21 years of age or older. 
- Need to book more than a year in advance, send us a message and we are happy to help!

If your potential stay does not follow these guidelines, please send INQUIRY to REQUEST possible exceptions before booking ** DO NOT use instant booking **

GULCH VIEW
Enjoy and kick-back with friends in Luxe style at Illume 120.  New construction features clean lines, airy interiors with walls of glass providing abundant natural light and amazing views invite guest to connect with outdoors to enjoy the Gulch, Downtown Nashville and surrounding neighborhoods.  Experience exceptional one-of-a-kind vacation memories.  A stunning exterior, clean and crisp common areas, with a most amazing inviting designer finished interior.  Contemporary living in the heart of Nashville.  Intimate for 2-4 guest yet spacious accommodations for groups of 6-8.  You can expect high quality fine hotel-like commitment and service with your hospitable, responsive local host 24/7.  

Enjoy lounging in the sunshine with a cocktail poolside complete with grilling area, continue your workouts in our fully equip gym, park in our secure covered parking garage.  Keyless entry and on site concierge.    

Professionally cleaned every stay
24/7 local host support
100% up to date booking calendars
Automated secure home access
10 foot ceilings
1,118 SQFT
Fully equipped kitchen (dishes, glasses, cookware & utensils provided)
Small appliances (toaster, blender, Keurig coffee maker)
Free WiFi with Amazon cable plus Netflix, Disney + and more
60” Flat Screen TV
Portable Bluetooth speaker
Hardwood floors
Personalized touches
Private balcony
FREE covered parking in secure garage (2 designated spaces)
Elevator AND street level access
Pool side lounge furnishings
Pool side gas grill
Pool towels

BEDROOM & BATHS 
The contemporary condo sleeps up to 8 guest  between the two bedrooms and a queen-size sleeper sofa in the living area.  

The  master bedroom is well appointed with a king bed, luxury linens, 4 pillows and double closets.  The 3pc en-suite bathroom includes vanity with large mirror and makeup mirror, deep soaking tub/shower combo (plush towels provided).

The second guest suite is detailed with a queen bed and 2-twin beds in the comfortable trundle option for additional guest or perfect when traveling with family.  

Bedroom 1 - 1 King ensuite tub/shower combo bath
Bedroom 2 - 1 Queen and 2 Twin (trundle bed) ensuite shower bath
Living area - 1 Queen sofa sleeper 

LIVING AREAS
The condo has a sunlit living area with wall to wall windows complete with solar shades providing amazing downtown city views when you want or privacy when you are ready to shut it down. The open floor plan allows for all guest to engage with one another whether in the living room, dining area or kitchen.  It features contemporary seating for each guest to sit plus 8 pub chairs at the counter height dining table. The space is anchored by the 60” sleek smart TV accessing network channels on YouTube TV or using your login for Netflix, Disney+ etc.

KITCHEN & DINING
Full equipped kitchen with stainless steel appliances, solid surface counters and everything you need to make your stay a truly enjoyable experience. Microwave, toaster, blender, Kuerig coffee maker, cooking essentials, dinnerware and utensils.  Enjoy appetizers or sit down for your favorite meal, extend prep station or large work space at the stylish kitchen island dining table. Craft an ice cold beverage, then step out for fresh air and unobstructed city views on the extended 50 FT balcony. 

COMPLEX
This property is a new development built in 2019. Modern city living AND a spacious home developed to perfection!!

STR PERMIT #2019076880

Guest access
Guest Access
2 spaces in controlled access parking garage
On Site Concierge
Secure Keyless Entry
Modern Community Courtyard and pool open seasonally
Fully equipped fitness center with city views
Free Wifi, AT&T fiber cable, Netflix, Disney+ and more with your personal login 
JoyRide transportation headquarters right next door
Clean and inviting facility
Fully equipped kitchen and appliance package
Toiletries, towels, hair dryers and paper products provided
Welcome treats from your host

Other things to note
Other things to note - You are city view so noise from the pool is not an issue.  Although Nashville is peppered with cranes from the booming construction you are buffered from this noise as we sit just South of the interstate loop.  This also allows for unobstructed views of the city skyline.  Highway noise is minimal in the unit.  If you are an extremely light sleeper like me, I’m sure you already have the Sleep Pillow sound App downloaded.   You do hear the hum of traffic while on the balcony.  Not anything strumming on the resident FGL acoustic guitar can’t sing away.  I hear a hit song in the making!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Donna
Host User ID: 73602055
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/73602055
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I love to travel, attend concerts and all things Nashville!! Knowing Nashville is my business so I can help you every step of the way. Although I am a Louisiana native,  I've lived in TN for 30+ years, sans 2 years in Belgium.   So far I've been to 32 states, 20 countries and 3 continents.  I have 3 teens, 2 pups, community volunteer and enjoy a cup of coffee each morning.  I hope to make your stay a positive and enjoyable experience.  Don't hesitate to send questions my way.  If I don't know the answer I'll find out for you.  As one that enjoys vacations, i know what travelers want.  Choose our place and plan to have an amazing visit while staying in Nashville. I hope to earn your repeat business and referrals.  I have high expectations and high standards.   You deserve a host that takes pride in their Superhost status and works hard to earn a 5star rating.  I appreciate your feedback and a review after staying at our place.  Enjoy Music City at Music City Sounds Good!!
My work: Real Estate & Hospitality
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
8 years hosting
366 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting