URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1702753508168587064
Latitude: 36.0935
Longitude: -86.7316
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Color Me Nashville Home! This vibrant, art-filled retreat is designed to make your stay anything but ordinary. Featuring 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, bold design, curated artwork, and colorful spaces throughout, this home is full of personality and charm. Relax in the backyard with outdoor seating, dining space, and room to unwind after a day exploring Music City. Whether you're visiting for a getaway or an extended stay, you'll enjoy comfort, character, and a memorable experience!

The space
Step into a world of color, creativity, and Music City charm! Color Me Nashville Home is a vibrant 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom retreat filled with bold design, curated artwork, and unique spaces that make every stay memorable. From the vinyl record collection and colorful interiors to the private backyard oasis, this home offers a one-of-a-kind Nashville experience just minutes from Downtown and Broadway.

Thoughtfully Designed Layout

✦ Open Concept Living: The heart of the home features a spacious living room, fully equipped kitchen, dining space, and a curated vinyl listening area, creating the perfect place to gather, relax, and make memories.

✦ Private Bedroom Wing: The home features a spacious king primary suite with a private en suite bathroom, a designer king bedroom, and a second full bathroom, providing comfort and privacy for couples, friends, or small groups.

Unique Amenities

✦ Living Room: A bright and inviting gathering space featuring a large sectional sofa, smart TV, colorful artwork, and plenty of seating for movie nights, conversations, or simply unwinding after a day exploring Nashville.

✦ Vinyl Listening Lounge: One of the home's standout features! Browse the record collection, spin your favorite album on the turntable, and embrace the creative spirit that makes Music City so special.

✦ Dining & Kitchen: The fully equipped kitchen offers stainless steel appliances, ample counter space, cookware, and everything needed to prepare meals at home. The oversized island with seating creates the perfect spot for morning coffee, happy hour drinks, or casual dining.

✦ Private Backyard Retreat

◈ Outdoor Dining Area: Enjoy meals outdoors under the covered patio with comfortable seating and space to gather.

◈ Relaxation Spaces: Unwind in the hammock, lounge beneath the mature trees, or enjoy the peaceful backyard atmosphere after a day downtown.

◈ Spacious Yard: Designed for relaxing and reconnecting, the backyard offers plenty of room to spread out and enjoy the outdoors.

Bedroom & Bathroom Details

◈ Bedroom 1 (Primary Suite): A spacious and inviting retreat featuring a king bed, smart TV, comfortable seating area, fireplace feature wall, and Nashville-inspired artwork throughout the room. This suite also includes its own en-suite bathroom and a dedicated laundry closet with a washer and dryer for added convenience during your stay.

◈ Bathroom 1 (En Suite): Connected directly to Bedroom 1, this beautifully renovated full bathroom features a shower and bathtub combination, updated fixtures, and convenient built-in shower storage. Bright, clean, and thoughtfully designed, it's the perfect private bathroom for the primary suite.

◈ Bedroom 2: A stunning designer bedroom featuring a king bed, dramatic emerald walls, an elegant chandelier, smart TV, and boutique hotel-inspired styling that creates a truly memorable space.

◈ Bathroom 2: A full bathroom featuring bold designer wallpaper, colorful accents, and modern amenities that perfectly complement the artistic personality of the home.

Fantastic Location

◈ Conveniently located in South Nashville.

◈ Approximately 7 miles from Downtown Nashville and Lower Broadway.

◈ Close to local restaurants, coffee shops, grocery stores, and everyday conveniences.

◈ Easy access to Nashville's live music venues, attractions, sporting events, and entertainment districts.

Filled with color, creativity, and unforgettable design, Color Me Nashville Home offers a stay that's anything but ordinary. Whether you're visiting for a weekend getaway, a concert, or an extended stay, you'll find comfort, character, and a unique Nashville experience waiting for you.

Book now and experience Music City in full color!

Guest access
During your stay, you'll have exclusive access to the entire home and private backyard, giving you the perfect mix of comfort, creativity, and relaxation. From the colorful interiors and vinyl listening lounge to the peaceful outdoor spaces, the home is yours to enjoy from the moment you arrive. With no shared indoor spaces, you can settle in, unwind, and experience Music City in total comfort.

Other things to note
ATTENTION LOCAL GUESTS: All locals must send an 'inquiry' first using the 'Message Host' option on the booking page to state the purpose of your visit, so we can check to see if we would be able to accommodate your stay; otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel any confirmed reservation made without our approval.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
Born in the 90s
My work: Carebnb Properties
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4605 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting