URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/854995736275813826
Latitude: 36.38933
Longitude: -87.01705
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Pleasant View, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Modern Studio Near Nashville – Private Entrance 

Fully furnished studio with a private entrance located in an upscale, walkable neighborhood just off I-24. Only 20 minutes to Nashville or Clarksville, giving you easy access to the city without the high prices or congestion.

Perfect for 1–2 guests for short or extended stays. Enjoy our brand-new hot tub in the shared courtyard area, maintained regularly for a clean, relaxing experience.

A quiet, comfortable home  close to everything.

The space
Welcome to our newly furnished private studio retreat in the heart of Pleasant View. Located above the owner’s garage with a private entrance through a safe, well-lit courtyard, this cozy space was completely updated with brand-new furnishings in 2023 for a comfortable and modern stay.

Guests can relax in the shared courtyard featuring outdoor seating, grills, a smoker, and a hot tub. Free street parking is available just steps away, with optional garage parking available for a small fee.

Enjoy staying in one of Middle Tennessee’s most walkable small towns, with sidewalks, low-speed streets, and easy access to local restaurants, coffee shops, a brewery, salon, spa, medical offices, and seasonal community events including farmers markets, concerts, movie nights, and tailgates.

Conveniently located just 20 minutes from both Nashville and Clarksville, Pleasant View offers the perfect balance of peaceful small-town charm and quick access to two of Tennessee’s fastest-growing cities.

Perfect for traveling professionals, nurses, weekend visitors, and anyone looking for a safe, quiet, and welcoming home away from home.

Guest access
Guests have private access to the entire studio apartment and all in-unit amenities. Entry is through a secure, well-lit courtyard separate from the main home.

Guests may also enjoy the shared courtyard amenities, including:
• Hot tub
• Outdoor seating
• Grill & smoker
• Relaxing patio space

Free street parking is available nearby, with optional garage parking available for a small fee.

All shared spaces are regularly maintained to provide a clean, comfortable, and welcoming stay.

Other things to note
This newly furnished studio was completely updated in 2023 with all new furnishings and amenities, creating a clean, modern, and comfortable space for both short and extended stays.

Ideal for traveling nurses, professionals, and long-term guests, the studio offers a quiet and relaxing environment while remaining convenient to Nashville and Clarksville.

Guests also have access to a shared courtyard and hot tub, maintained exclusively for guests and the homeowner to ensure a clean and welcoming atmosphere.

Free street parking is readily available, with optional garage parking offered for a small additional fee.

Located in a quiet, upscale, walkable neighborhood with sidewalks, security lighting, and low-speed streets, the area is perfect for walking, jogging, or simply enjoying the peaceful surroundings.

Our goal is to provide every guest with a safe, comfortable, and reliable home away from home.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: William
Host User ID: 507003019
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/507003019
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
4 years hosting
12 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting