URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1216778611355648372
Latitude: 36.33657
Longitude: -87.04958
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Ashland City, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This spacious guest suite overlooks the historic Sycamore Valley in Ashland City, Tennessee. Enjoy a peaceful escape while only a 30 minute drive from all that Nashville has to offer.  This dedicated guest suite is located on the lower level of our home and boasts its own private entrance, patio with hot tub and stunning views in every season.  Located between Ashland City & Pleasant View there is convenient access to stores & restaurants.

The space
Close to everything, away from it all.  Enjoy the quiet countryside, yet have all the conveniences and entertainment of Nashville only 30 minutes away.  Clarksville is approximately 30 minutes away and the Nashville International Airport (BNA) is 40 minutes away. Of course these times are estimates dependent on traffic conditions. 

Everyday we are thankful for the post card view we enjoy. My husband Todd and I live on the upper level of the house with our French Bulldog, Indy. We recently built out the lower level of our house to welcome guests. We took much care to insulate between the floors so that we would not share noise. 

The upper and lower levels are completely separate and private including private entrances. The deck above is our outdoor space and the patio below, including the hot tub is private outdoor space for our guests. 

We enjoy meeting people but we will not make any attempt to interact with you. If you would like meet, just let us know.  With that being said, you may see us in the driveway or working in the yard or gardens. 

This is a two bedroom Guest Suite with a king bed in one bedroom and a queen in the other bedroom. Each bed will comfortably sleep two people each.  Additionally, a queen sized air mattress, complete with bedding, is also available for an additional two people.

A great stay begins with great communication. Please take a moment to make yourself and everyone staying with you aware of the following information and rules.

We have a Ring doorbell that has a camera. It is angled away from the hot tub. There is also an exterior camera on the front of the house overlooking the driveway / parking area. Cameras are not to be covered or disabled. 

We require that all adult guests be listed on the reservation and have identity verification completed on Airbnb before arrival. Please do this early since it can sometimes take awhile.  We also have a welcome board and would like to include everyone who is staying, so please message us with the first names of children and pets who will be staying. 

The minimum age to book a stay is 21 years old. 

These rules are the most strictly enforced:  
Absolutely NO use of cannabis or any illegal drugs on the property.  
No smoking or vaping inside the guest suite. You are permitted to smoke or vape outside in designated areas.
Beware that if you smoke anything inside, you will be charged an additional $250. cleaning fee. 

Parties:
Even though Nashville currently seems to be the bachelorette party capital, we will not host bachelor or bachelorette parties or any party that centers around loud and drunken behavior. 

We do welcome our guests to celebrate birthdays and anniversaries, etc. Generally we only expect those listed on the reservation to be in attendance for your celebration. However, let us know if you are visiting friends or family in the area and would like to have them over for awhile. 

Generally we do not allow any open flames including candles but, if you are celebrating a birthday you are welcome to use birthday cake candles. 

Quiet Hours are between 10 p.m and 8 a.m.  You are welcome to use the patio and hot tub during these hours, we just ask that you do not play loud music or talk / laugh loudly.  

Our beautiful view is due to the fact that the house is located on a ridge overlooking a valley. You can expect steep and uneven ground if you move beyond the patio and level yard area around the patio. Proceed with caution and at your own risk.   Additionally, there are outside stairs leading to the Guest Suite.  Please consider this if you have difficulty navigating stairs. 

During mild weather it is a temptation to leave the doors open. However, bugs, lizards and small animals may come inside if you leave the doors open.  Please keep the doors closed to keep these pests and critters outside.  Thanks!

Hot Tub Rules:
We work hard to provide an exceptionally clean and balanced hot tub for your use. It is cleaned and prepared prior to each guest stay. We think you will love relaxing in it as you enjoy the view. There is a more extensive listing of hot tub rules in the guest suite but these are the essentials:
~Please shower to remove lotions and oils from your body and hair before entering the tub.
~Do not add any oils or soaps to the hot tub water. 
~No glass.  You will find plastic drink ware in the kitchen for your use. 
~Close the cover when not in use.  
~If the hot tub is misused, there will be an additional $250. cleaning fee charged. 

Dog guests: 
  ~We welcome one small dog. 
  ~Please list the dog on your reservation. An additional $50. cleaning fee will be charged.
  -Dogs must be kenneled when you are not present. We can provide a kennel for a small dog. 
  ~ Please do not allow your dog on the beds. 
  ~A potty clean up container is provided for your use. 
  ~No cats or other types of pets are allowed. 

Thank you for helping us to provide a safe and clean place for all our guests.  

We are here to help you plan for your special occasions or to simply have a fun vacation.  Please let us know if we can receive grocery orders prior to your arrival, or pick up a birthday cake and balloons. 

Be sure to check out our Guidebook on the listing. There is also a printed copy in the Home Manual on the entryway table in Guest Suite.

You are going to have a great time!

Guest access
Parking is available in the driveway in front of the “Guest Parking” sign. We can accommodate 2 vehicles. Walk down the sidewalk between the house and garage continuing down the steps to the lower level. Enter the Guest Suite through the doors beside the hot tub. 

There is a Wi-Fi connected keypad for entry. You will receive a code 24 - 48 hours prior to check-in.

Other things to note
The ridge is also filled with wildlife. In their seasons you may enjoy seeing hummingbirds, butterflies, birds, bunnies and squirrels.  Occasionally we have had deer and wild turkeys walking through the yard. You may also see hawks and eagles soaring over the valley.

If your dog is joining you, please keep them on a leash at all times. Although rare, we have seen coyotes, fox and other animals that could be a threat to your dog.  

Please feel free to walk through the gardens. Take a seat in the pollinator garden to enjoy the bees and butterflies durning the spring, summer and fall.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amanda
Host User ID: 550110020
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/550110020
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I was raised in Nashville but left to live in NW Ohio when I married Todd. We raised our family in Bryan, Ohio living there for 40 years but regularly visited my parents in Ashland City. We eventually knew that we wanted to retire here, but couldn’t wait until retirement. So In 2022 we moved up our timeline and came to TN. We enjoy sharing what we love about our home.
My work: Retired bookkeeper
Most useless skill: Creatively folding laundry
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
83 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting