URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1642083523137799411
Latitude: 36.2432
Longitude: -86.7372
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Bright & Sunny 2-bedroom Nashville townhome with stylish design and touches of Nashville flair, close to all the action yet tucked away for a relaxing stay. Enjoy a cozy layout with plush living spaces, a fully equipped kitchen, and a rooftop deck. Conveniently located 6 miles to Downtown Nashville, under 5 miles to Gaylord Opryland, the Grand Ole Opry, and Opry Mills Mall, and 12 miles to BNA Airport. Perfect for families or groups visiting Music City.

The space
Bright & Sunny 2-bedroom Nashville townhome with stylish design and touches of Nashville flair, close to all the action yet tucked away for a relaxing stay. Enjoy a cozy layout with plush living spaces, a fully equipped kitchen, and a rooftop deck. Conveniently located 6 miles to Downtown Nashville, under 5 miles to Gaylord Opryland, the Grand Ole Opry, and Opry Mills Mall, and 12 miles to BNA Airport. Perfect for families or groups visiting Music City.

Guest access
Seamless Self Check-In: No need to coordinate key meetups or worry about late flights. The front door is equipped with a Yale smart lock for secure, hassle-free keyless entry.

Your Unique Code: Before your arrival, you will receive a personalized digital access code unique to your stay, which activates exactly at your check-in time.

Full Private Access: Guests have exclusive, private access to the entire 2-bedroom townhome and the private rooftop deck throughout their stay.

Other things to note
🛋️ Open-Concept Living & Dining
Sun-Drenched Spaces: Large windows flood the open layout with beautiful natural light, highlighting the chic, Nashville-inspired modern decor.

Plush Seating: A comfortable, stylish living room setup perfect for relaxing after a day on Broadway or gathering the group to plan the evening.

Smart Entertainment: Equipped for streaming your favorite shows or setting the perfect pre-game playlist.

🍳 Fully Stocked Chef's Kitchen
Modern Appliances: Full suite of stainless steel appliances, ample counter space, and a large island perfect for socializing while cooking.

Fully Equipped: Stocked with all essential cookware, dinnerware, glassware, and extras like baking sheets for morning treats or family-style dinners.

🛏️ Comfortable Sleeping Arrangements
Two Private Bedrooms: Designed with premium mattresses, crisp linens, and blackout considerations to ensure a restful night’s sleep.

Flexible Group Setup: Thoughtfully arranged to comfortably accommodate up to 6 guests without feeling crowded.

🌆 Private Rooftop Deck (The Crowning Jewel)
Outdoor Living: Your own private oasis under the Tennessee sky. Skip the crowded downtown rooftops and unwind here with your morning coffee or a sunset cocktail.

Scenic Vibes: Elevated views providing a relaxing, breezy spot to hang out and enjoy the weather.

🌟 Extra Amenities for a Seamless Stay
Climate Controlled: High-efficiency central air conditioning to keep you cool during warm Southern summers.

Convenient Access: Lit path to the guest entrance for easy, safe arrivals no matter what time your flight lands.

Safety First: Equipped with smoke alarms, carbon monoxide detectors, and an exterior security camera for peace of mind.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kendra
Host User ID: 319918466
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319918466
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My work: Recorder
Favorite song in high school: Give Me One Reason-Tracy Chapman
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 years hosting
9 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting