URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1380406449250552779
Latitude: 36.1515
Longitude: -86.7782
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 16
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Tequila Sunrise & Broadway Girls, a stylish combo stay in The Hyve, Downtown Nashville. Perfect for bachelorettes and groups, these two condos sleep 16 guests comfortably, and feature Insta-worthy decor, private balconies, full kitchens, and cozy beds. Only .7 miles to Broadway- walk or take a quick uber to top bars, and attractions, or enjoy the heated pool, gym, and outdoor lounge on site. Free and paid parking available. Book now for the ultimate Nashville getaway!

The space
Why You’ll Love It:
- Prime downtown location within walking distance to Broadway and major attractions
- Two stylish condos right next to each other on the same floor
- Outdoor pool with cabanas, heated from March to October
- State-of-the-art gym featuring Peloton equipment
- Balcony in each condo with pool views
- Fully equipped kitchens for meals and cocktails
- Self check-in and check-out for a hassle-free stay

Two Stunning Condos, One Incredible Stay!

TEQUILA SUNRISE CONDO:
This vibrant, fun-filled retreat features warm hues of orange, pink, and yellow, creating the perfect setting for a memorable Music City stay. The cozy living space is stylishly decorated with thoughtful touches to make your stay comfortable.

Sleeping Arrangements:
Master bedroom with a custom queen-over-king bunk bed
Second bedroom with two twin-over-twin bunks
Living room with two queen Murphy beds

The fully equipped kitchen is stocked with everything needed for meals, drinks, and coffee (sans cooking oil). The private balcony offers views of The Gulch, making it a great place to relax after a day of exploring.

BROADWAY GIRLS CONDO:
This stylish retreat is designed for comfort and is perfect for bachelorettes and groups looking to stay close to the action while enjoying a chic space.

Sleeping Arrangements:
Master bedroom with a custom queen-over-king bunk bed
Second bedroom with two twin-over-twin bunks
Living room with two queen Murphy beds

The stocked kitchen makes it easy to cook (sans cooking oil) meals or mix drinks. The private balcony provides another great spot to unwind and take in the energy of downtown Nashville.

Walk to All the Hot Spots:
Broadway Honky Tonks including Tootsies, The Stage, Jason Aldean’s, Morgan Wallen's This Bar, Posty's, Category 10, and Kid Rock’s
Yee-Haw Brewery and Ole Smoky Distillery
Bridgestone Arena and the Country Music Hall of Fame
Ryman Auditorium and Music City Center
Assembly Food Hall with a variety of dining options

Short Uber Ride To:
Nissan Stadium for Titans games and concerts
Grand Ole Opry and Opry Mills Mall

Building Amenities: 
- Heated outdoor pool with cabanas and lounge chairs (open March-Oct)
- Outdoor gas grill and fire pits
- Ping pong table
- State-of-the-art gym with Peloton bikes and top-tier equipment
- Community workspace and lounge

If you are parking a car during your stay, you will have 3 options:
-Owner/Guest Garage - this is a FREE first come, first serve garage that requires the Door app for access. You will receive Door access about 3 days prior to arrival. EV Chargers available. 
-Street Parking - this is FREE first come, first serve parallel street parking
-Lower-Level Garage - this is a paid public parking garage that has direct elevator access right to your condo floor. Discounted pricing is available for people staying at one of our condos.

Extra Amenities in Each Condo:
- Keurig coffee maker with K-cups
- Games and books for entertainment
- Shampoo, conditioner, and body wash provided
- Hairdryer, iron, and steamer for getting ready
- In-unit washer and dryer with detergent included
- Blackout curtains and white noise machines for restful sleep

Exclusive Perks for Hyve Guests!  When you stay at Hyve, you get access to exclusive discounts on some of Nashville’s best experiences, all right within the building or just steps away. Ask us about current partnerships.

A Few Notes:
- This is a condo located in downtown Nashville. As pictured, this development sits near train tracks. We have provided a white noise machine and ear plugs for your convenience. As Nashville continues to grow, nearby construction is common and may be present during your stay. If you are sensitive to noise, this may not be the best location for your stay. Like any urban location, the presence of unhoused individuals may be experienced.
- Luggage storage is available at The Hyve for early arrivals on a first come, first served basis.
- The pool, gym, and other common areas are managed by the building, and we do not have control over maintenance or availability. Pool is open seasonally from March-October. 

Book now and experience Nashville in style. This combo listing offers spacious accommodations in an unbeatable location. Dates fill up fast, so pack your bags and get ready for an unforgettable stay.

If you have any questions, feel free to reach out. We would love to host you.

Presented by Injoy Nashville: Experience Your Stay, Design by Injoy Vacations

Guest access
DOOR APP

Other things to note
Your booking includes BOTH condos!

Registration Details
2024026052

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: InJoy Vacations
Host User ID: 425884247
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/425884247
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
InJoy Vacations proudly offers a selection of high-quality condo rentals in Panama City Beach, FL & Nashville, TN. We are a locally owned and operated business, and we love to share our community with owners and guests. Our goal is to provide exceptional vacation experiences to visitors, and we’ve perfected our craft. Many of our guests choose to return year after year.
My work: InJoy Vacations
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
4505 reviews
4.73 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting