URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1582195605169992484
Latitude: 36.16104698153506
Longitude: -86.80065082862365
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Nashville Note — a luxury residence designed for unforgettable Music City weekends, milestone trips, and those special "everyone's coming" getaways!

The best part? The location! A quick ride to the energy of Broadway, access to The Gulch, 12South, Vanderbilt, Belmont, Parthenon, stadiums and arenas.

A NEW home designed for groups! 4 beautiful bedrooms, each with a private bathroom. A vintage cocktail lounge, record player, karaoke, glam station, and firepit with skyline views!

The space
📍 Nashville Location (Fisk–Meharry area): You’re positioned for quick access to Downtown, Broadway, Midtown, and the best of the city. 

🎸 Close to Broadway & Downtown: Enjoy the honky-tonks, live music, and late-night eats — then retreat back to a quieter home base. (Typical drive/Uber time, 8-10 minutes.)

🚗 Easy Access to Hot Spots: Convenient to The Gulch, 12South, Vanderbilt, and Belmont for games, concerts, campus visits, and Nashville’s best dining.

🛌 🛌 Sleeps 12 Comfortably: 4 bedrooms / 7 beds + an extra twin bed can be added for an additional fee.

🛁 Spa-Level Privacy: 4 ensuite bathrooms + 2 additional half baths — ideal for groups getting ready at the same time.

🌆 Skyline Firepit Hangout: gather around the firepit with downtown skyline views for the ultimate Nashville nightcap! 

🎤 Karaoke Ready: A karaoke machine turns the pregame into the main event.

💄 Get-Ready Glam Station/Vanity Area: A dedicated vanity setup with mirrors and a console—perfect for hair, makeup, and pre-Broadway glam.

🛏️ Custom Bunk Room: A standout “wow” feature that’s perfect for groups, 1 queen bed and 3 twins in this custom room. 

🧊 Ice Maker and Wine Fridge: Always ready for cocktails, beverages and hydration between adventures.

📶 FAST Wi-Fi: Great for streaming, remote work, and group trips.

🚙 Parking Made Simple: Parking for 4 vehicles.

🐾 Pets: Allowed upon request.

✈️ Airport Convenience: Nashville International Airport is roughly ~16 minutes by car (traffic dependent).

The Lunabase Difference: Hotel Service and Concierge 

CONCIERGE SERVICE: Lunabase is happy to provide trip a list of enhancements once your booking is complete. We have early check-ins and late check-outs, daily cleans, portable cribs, twin beds, high chairs, birthday cakes and more! It is our pleasure to help personalize your trip!

COFFEE & TEA: The home has a Moccamaster coffee machine and electric Tea Kettle, filters provided. 

GUEST AMENITIES: We stock our homes with the luxury toiletry line, Grown Alchemist. All products are high-performing botanical blends with signature scents. They are free from harsh chemicals including parabens, sulfates, synthetic fragrances, and phthalates. We use refillable bottles for sustainability, please do not remove products from the home. We use plastic-free dishwasher pods.

REJUVENATION: At Lunabase we value wellness amenities. Our community understands the importance of a balanced body and mind. The home has high-quality memory foam mattresses and plush linens for restful sleep. We stock our BASES with yoga mats and foam rollers for stretching. We can arrange in-home massages.  

HOUSEKEEPING: Lunabase has the same cleaning and service standards as a luxury hotel. We can arrange daily or mid-stay cleans as an enhancement to your stay.

Guest access
Smart Lock, Contactless Entry
Guest Concierge 
Parking on-site, private garage and driveway, 4 cars maximum.

Other things to note
Listing Transparency: Stairs throughout (~45 steps)
Metro Dept 2025 STRP No: 103233

🤝 Good Neighbor Practices: This is a residential neighborhood—please respect the community, keep music and voices at a reasonable level, and no parties/events at this residence.

House Rules & Policies
- Guest must be ID verified
- Primary guest must be 25 years of age
- No smoking/vaping indoors ($500 fine if evidence is found)
- Noise curfew 10pm-8am
- Pets under 20 lbs by approval; $300 per pet (max 2); no pets on furniture, deep clean after pet stays.
- Receiving packages during your stay is acceptable; mail is not, no mailbox use.
- Privacy: exterior‑only cameras at front door

Security Deposit
- $1,000 pre-authorized hold (Airbnb‑authorized)
- No charge unless damage is found; released within 3 days of departure
- Any deductions are itemized and shared beforehand

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lunabase Travelstays
Host User ID: 177697179
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/177697179
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Lunabase! We’re thrilled to have you here. Our smart homes are designed to provide you with the ultimate luxury experience, complete with all the modern amenities and an emphasis on wellness. We strive for a hotel experience with the convenience and comfort of an entire home. We like to think of our unique BASES as 'hotel homes'. If you have any special requests during your visit, please don’t hesitate to let us know.
I'm obsessed with: Travel
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
195 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting