URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1446796352607553662
Latitude: 36.13753
Longitude: -86.79204
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 7
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Upstairs 2BR Apartment + small bonus room in a historic home just 1 block from music row. Perfect location to explore Nashville - 1 mile from Broadway, The Gulch, 12S & only a block from Belmont University & blocks from Vanderbilt. Walkable to the iconic Edgehill to find restaurants, coffee, bars & shops! Visit students, catch a game, explore the honky tonks - it all can happen from here walking down the street or taking a 5 min or less rideshare.

No smoking, vaping, or parties. Stairs required

The space
Welcome to your out-of-this-world hideaway in the heart of Music City! This upstairs apartment in a charming historic home offers a one-of-a-kind “Space Cowboy” vibe — think cosmic touches mixed with Western flair — perfect for travelers who want something beyond the ordinary. 

You'll find two cozy bedrooms with queen beds, plus a bonus nook off the living room that’s been transformed into a quiet sleeping space with a twin bed — no ordinary space here, just a private mini-retreat for dreamers or solo cowpokes. The living room features a comfy sleeper sofa, making the space suitable for up to seven guests.

The kitchen is fully equipped for whipping up breakfast before a day exploring Nashville or late-night snacks after Honky Tonkin'. Enjoy reliable Wi-Fi, cable TV, and a dedicated workspace if you're mixing business with pleasure. There’s central heating and cooling, along with a window unit for extra comfort. Added bonus: an in-unit washer and dryer. 

Street parking is available on a first-come basis, and while the backyard is reserved for the owner (who lives downstairs), you might just catch him out there — friendly hellos are encouraged, and he’s been known to share a beer or two with cool guests.

Located just off Music Row, you’re walking distance to Edgehill, Belmont and Vandy, minutes from the iconic bars of Broadway (Honky Tonk Row), the trendy vibes of The Gulch, and the boutique charm of 12South. Walkable spots we rec to venture to include: Barcelona wine bar, Old Glory (an eclectic speak easy!), and Bella Napoli - check out their Nutella Pizza! 

Whether you're in town for live music, a bachelorette bash, or a relaxing ride through Nashville's neighborhoods, this Space Cowboy apartment is a true home base for your adventure.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire second floor apartment. The downstairs is the owner's private home as well as the backyard space (unless invited). Be aware the owner has two very cute and FRIENDLY pups (a golden retriever) that may greet you. 

The backyard amenities are NOT for guest use.

Other things to note
→ The unit is an upstairs apartment of a home built in 1932. Do not expect new build features, rather, some funky decor and character.
→ No smoking or vaping, there will be a fine of $300 minimum for any evidence of smoking/vaping of any kind.
→ No pets are allowed, however, PETS ARE ON PROPERTY: The owner has lovely pups that may greet you (a cute golden retriever!) Please do not book the home if this is concerning for you. 
→ Not a party rental ~ If you are looking for a home base while you explore Nashville, the unit will be a great fit. However, if you are looking for a party location, this is not the fit.
→ The backyard is the owner's private space, you will pass by it as you come and go. The belongings and backyard amenities are for his PRIVATE use only. Please do not venture through his space.
→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm. 
→  Regarding the unit: STAIRS ARE REQUIRED. Max occupancy is 7 people. 2 Queen beds, 1 Queen sofa bed, 1 Twin daybed
→  Towels & linen are provided (including linen & pillows for the sofa bed). Travel-sized toiletries, a hairdryer, iron, and ironing board are provided. A drip coffee maker and basic kitchenware are also provided. Guests are responsible to provide any additional amenities desired such as additional toilet paper.
→ No decoration is permitted inside or outside the unit. 
→ After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. You will receive your code for entry one day before your arrival via text. This code will activate on your check-in day at 4 pm and deactivate at 10 am the day you check out. Please ensure your number on your Airbnb profile is up to date. 
→ Rest assured, our team is around 24/7 for any emergency that may arise.

Registration Details
2025049189

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: UrbanNashville
Host User ID: 6855810
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6855810
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We are UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals. We're a small, locally owned management company. We pride ourselves in providing the best rental experience for you while you visit Music City! 

Our properties are located all over popular areas of Nashville. We have a spot for every traveller.

If you need any recommendations for the best places to check out, let us know! The chances are good that we have been there, and tried that. We look forward to hosting you

- Paige, Jordan & Adisson
My work: Nashville Enthusiast
Most useless skill: Junk journaling my travels
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
14220 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting