URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/24148022
Latitude: 36.1267
Longitude: -86.7785
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Bluebird Studio! Our 440 sq ft condo is situated on the 2nd floor of our building in a hip neighborhood just mins to downtown.
 ☆ Walk-able to restaurants & bars 
 ☆ Onsite pool (open seasonally) 
 ☆ Equipped kitchen
 ☆ Free WiFi
 ☆ King Mattress
 ☆ Free, on-site parking
 ☆ Keypad entry

Centrally located to all Nashville has to offer and minutes by car to Downtown Nashville, Nissan Stadium, Music City Center, Bridgestone Arena, Amphitheater, Vanderbilt, Belmont, Opry, Airport.

The space
The Bluebird Studio was created to evoke the excitement that is is is Music City. Allow the blue accents and neon signs to be a dreamy reminder of some of Nashville's gems, including Bluebird Café and Broadway! Take a writers retreat, Business trip, or Nashville Vacation is our home away from home oasis.

 ☆Prepare meals at the studio in our well-equipped* kitchen and dining area.
 ☆ Lounge by the pool in the summertime (open seasonally*). 
 ☆Rest easily on our King size mattress (up to 2 guests). 
 ☆Enjoy time with extra friends or family using our sleeper sofa (for up to an additional 2 guests). 
 ☆Catch up on work (or post vacation pictures) with our high- speed wifi and dedicated workspace. 
 ☆Take a leisurely walk through some of Nashville's finest, historic homes to the 12 South neighborhood where you'll find more restaurants, bars, shopping, and even a park. 
 ☆Plan to stay awhile? You can even catch up on laundry at the on-site laundry room*. 

Whether you're looking to disconnect or plugin, The Bluebird Studio is ready to welcome and inspire you. 

Our studio books relatively far in advance so are sure to book your stay now! If this unit is booked check out our other studios in the building here: https://www.airbnb. com/wishlists/139122178

Guest access
You'll have access to the entire unit, laundry facility, & the pool during open season (roughly Memorial Day thru September). 

It is a parking lot on-site with enough spots for 1 car per studio. Additional parking can be found up the street from the complex.

Other things to note
☆The condo itself is entirely renovated however is within a retro, restored apartment building that occasionally bears its age. 
 ☆ Our well-equipped kitchen features a stainless steel oven, stove, and refrigerator however no dish washer. 
 ☆As soon as you step foot in Nashville, you'll notice that the skyline is peppered with cranes and other signs of the booming construction that is happening. This area has a new building being constructed nearby. While you may occasionally be able to hear some noise from the site, the loudest part of the construction has been completed and shouldn't be a major issue going forward. However, we know that some folks are lighter sleepers and may be more easily bothered by certain sounds. In order to ensure you are as comfortable as possible, this unit has a sound machine to use if desired. 
 ☆ The on-site laundry room offers paid (via credit card) washers and dryers available for guest use. 
 ☆No Saturday arrival or departures allowed.  We typically will have a 2-night minimum on the weekends. Minimum night stays may fluctuate with certain events and holidays. 
 ☆We are located on the 2nd floor of our building and are only accessible via a full flight of stairs. Unfortunately, there is no elevator in the building.
 ☆The permit number for this listing can be found in the captions.
 ☆After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival, if booking same day, you may call our team as soon as you've booked. Please ensure your number on your Airbnb profile is up to date.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Studio I
Host User ID: 178293796
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/178293796
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! I am a Nashvillian born and raised and am so excited to be able to host all the Nashville travelers. If you have any questions about my property or Nashville before your start your trip, please reach out!

I partner with UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals to take care of all my guests and oversee my properties. 

Get excited to come experience Music City!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
913 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting