URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1603801671292201744
Latitude: 36.12792895419741
Longitude: -86.75347625360736
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 18
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to the ideal home for your bachelorette getaway! This spacious spot is full of social media-worthy photo ops and offers plenty of room for your entire group, with 21 beds to comfortably accommodate everyone.

Get ready for a fun night out in the rooftop and game room—perfect for pre-party vibes. Plus, enjoy the newly added rooftop hot tub that fits up to 8 people for the ultimate group experience.

The space
🌸 Rose All Day – A Chic Nashville Escape
4 Bedrooms | 4.5 Bathrooms | Private Rooftop w/ Hot Tub | Game Room

✨ Welcome to Rose All Day, a stylish 3,500 sq. ft. retreat designed for comfort, fun, and unforgettable memories in the heart of Music City. This beautifully appointed 4-bedroom, 4.5-bath home blends upscale design with entertainment-forward spaces, making it ideal for friends, families, and special celebrations. From the private rooftop with an 8-person hot tub to the fully loaded game room, there’s something here for everyone.

🌆 Sophisticated Living Spaces
Step into an open-concept layout filled with natural light, high ceilings, and modern, elegant décor. Whether you’re relaxing on the cozy sectional or enjoying a group meal at the dining table, the space feels both inviting and refined.

🍳 Kitchen Built to Impress
The gourmet kitchen is perfect for everything from quick breakfasts to full group dinners—stylish, functional, and ready for your culinary plans.

🛏 Comfortable, Stylish Bedrooms
Unwind after a day in Nashville in one of four thoughtfully designed bedrooms, each offering a calm, comfortable vibe:

Primary Suite: King bed with a spa-like ensuite featuring a rainfall shower

Bedroom 2: Two queen beds and two twin beds with a private bathroom

Bedroom 3: Four queen beds

Bedroom 4: Three queen beds plus six twin beds

🌟 Private Rooftop Retreat
Take in sweeping city views from your exclusive rooftop terrace. Relax in the 8-person hot tub, gather around the fire pit, or lounge under the stars—this space is perfect for sunset drinks and late-night hangs.

🎮 Game Room Fun
Bring on game night! The game room features a pool table and large TV, making it the go-to spot for friendly competition and downtime with your group.

🛁 4.5 Modern Bathrooms
With plenty of space for everyone to get ready, each bathroom features sleek finishes and quality amenities. The primary bath feels like a private spa escape.

🏙 Prime Nashville Location
Just minutes from downtown, you’re close to live music, top restaurants, nightlife, and all the iconic Nashville attractions—easy to explore, easy to enjoy.

Book Your Stay at Rose All Day

Whether you’re here to explore, celebrate, or relax in style, Rose All Day delivers an elevated Nashville experience from start to finish. Rooftop hot tub, luxe interiors, and a prime location—this is a stay you won’t forget.

🎉 Your Nashville getaway starts here—book Rose All Day today! 🎉

Important Info:
This property requires a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a $1,500 security hold (a temporary authorization, not a charge). As an optional alternative, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider for $89 (up to 10 nights, +$2/day after). We use Happy Guest, a secure, app-free guest portal that also includes helpful home details and local recommendations.

STRP #2023047078

Guest access
Guests enjoy exclusive access to the entire home, including all bedrooms, bathrooms, rooftop, hot tub, and game room.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting