URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/43041968
Latitude: 36.2338
Longitude: -86.7392
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 8
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Only 6 miles to Downtown Nashville, you'll find an open & calming space to hang out during your stay! 1 King, 3 Queens, &  2 Twin rollaway beds. Family friendly, quiet neighborhood yet close to many popular hangouts in East Nashville. The entire home is available to all guests!  Host lives in a detached dwelling separated by a large garage and yard area. 2 designated parking spots for guest use & backyard grill/ patio. Convenient to Opryland area! We do not allow parties or large gatherings :)

The space
This property is located on an expansive and carefully maintained 1 acre yard surrounded by gorgeous trees and lots of open space. Both indoors and outdoors will not disappoint! 

Everything is on one level. The design is clean and cohesive and each room has been decorated with comfort and style in mind. 

SLEEPING/BATHROOM ARRANGEMENTS:
-The primary bedroom has a one King bed, en suite bathroom and a large walk-in closet.  🛌
-The second (middle) bedroom has 2 Queen beds 🛌 🛌
-The third bedroom has 1 Queen bed 🛏️
-There are 2 brand new Hotel Style twin beds available 🛏️ 🛏️
-The second full bathroom has a tub/shower and is adjacent to the middle bedroom. A fully stocked laundry room w/ brand new washer/dryer, iron and ironing board is available too! 

TVs:
-55” 4K TV in the living room 
-40" TV in the bedroom with the 2 Queen beds (middle bedroom) 
-Streaming capabilities - guests can use their own logins to use streaming apps. 
-Xfinity Cable "Ultimate TV" Plan Includes 185+ channels

OUTSIDE:
Brand new propane Weber grill 
Outdoor seating and table/chairs
Large sun shade 

PET RULES: 1 DOG ONLY -  1 dog under 50lbs
Leashes: Dog must be leashed when outside
Clean up: Guests must pick up after their dog and use the provided dog bag station
Furniture: Dog is not allowed on furniture or beds
Supervision: Dog should not be left unattended. Dogs need to be crated if left alone in the house
Housebroken: Dog must be housebroken
Potty areas: Guests should use designated potty areas
Noise: Guests should ensure their dog doesn't cause excessive noise
Please note: failure to follow rules may incur an additional fee

***HOUSE RULES/AGREEMENT MADE UPON BOOKING***

A great deal of passion went into the design and decorating this home for guests to enjoy and have a great experience. We assume all of our guests will be respectful and will naturally follow "common sense" rules,  but just in case, we want to make sure you understand the house rules and that our expectations are clearly stated. Please help us maintain this home by accepting these rules before you book:

-There is no smoking of any kind allowed inside the property. If smoking outdoors, please keep windows and doors shut and clean up after yourself.  

-Absolutely no parties or unauthorized gatherings beyond your approved guest count. There are exterior security cameras that allow us to ensure all rules are followed :)  We keep a careful eye on our property for your safety, to be sure we respect our neighbors as well as all local short-term rental laws. 

- GUEST COUNT: The guest count that you include in your confirmed reservation is the guest count that we both agree to. The exterior security cameras are there to help verify your guest count should we have any concerns. Any visitors in excess of your confirmed guest count must first be communicated and approved by us.  

-Decorations: NO GLITTER and NO CONFETTI. Please don't tape anything to the walls. Any tape residue or damage found on walls due to decorations may result in additional charges. 

- Please leave the house in the condition it was when you arrived. THE CLEANING FEE DOES NOT COVER EXCESSIVE MESS. Cleaning fees cover the expense of hiring cleaners to wash all of the linens, sanitize the  kitchen, bathrooms, & living areas, dust, mop and vacuum as well as general up-keep of the home. It does not include cleaning up an unreasonable amount of mess left behind. Following our simple check-out instructions in your DigItal Welcome Guide is best. If you have any questions,  just shoot us a message !

It's important to communicate with us about anything that has been broken or damaged during your stay. We are reasonable and will understand if a small accident happens. If it's a bit more significant and is a result of carelessness,  we may ask to cover the expense. Do not try to hide anything from us...we want to make sure everything is taken care of or fixed before our next guests come to enjoy the property. 

-RESPECT OUR NEIGHBORHOOD. Remember, you're not renting a hotel room, you're renting a house in a neighborhood where people live. We ask that you respect the neighbors and neighborhood by keeping your exterior noise level down at all times during your stay. Any complaints received from neighbors (whether noise or disturbance of any kind) will result in withholding of deposit.

-Internet Use: NO illegal downloading of any sort, no p2p file sharing

-NO ILLEGAL ACTIVITY will be tolerated. 

EARLY CHECK-INS OR LATE CHECK-OUTS:

Early check-ins or late check-outs must be pre-arranged!  Please do not ask the day before or the day of arrival. Last minute requests are challenging and not likely to be approved. We have cleaners scheduled at specific times and they're unable to make last minute changes to their schedules. 

The only way to guarantee an early check-in is if the night prior to your stay is available. We can block that day off for you at half the price of a full day rate. The same applies for a late check-out; If there is no reservation the night of your check out date, we can arrange a guaranteed late check-out with the same pricing considerations.  If you have any questions about pricing for these requests,  please reach out! 

You must also acknowledge:

Guest access:
Guests have access to the entire house with the exception of any locked closets.

A lot of time, care, and money has been put into this home that we love. We only want to have the friendly guests who will respectful of the property and the neighborhood. We are not interested in rowdy crowds staying here!

**There is an additional $300 fee for guests that want to book the property for filming and/or photography. A location agreement must be provided to us prior to a shoot date.

The total price of the reservation is based on the nightly rate set by the host, plus fees or costs determined by the host or booking platform. Extra guest fee charged by some hosts for extra guests beyond a set number, which may fluctuate.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the home described in the listing. Guests will not have access to the garage or back house where the host lives.

Other things to note
** While staying with us, please make sure all doors and windows are shut and locked when not in use!  Do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a big city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!

**Important note that the homeowner lives onsite and will not access the rental home during your stay. The only shared space is the driveway. All indoor and outdoor spaces, as pictured and described, are strictly for guests. All communications will be managed through the co-host Epicbnb, a local Nashville hospitality management company.

- Please observe all pet rules. If they are not followed you may incur additional fees. We only allow one pet!  🐶

**Guests who stay 3 weeks or longer will incur an additional cleaning fee of $135. This is NOT included in the pricing you see, but will be an additional add-on fee.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Pete
Host User ID: 337074858
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/337074858
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello Travelers! 

I am a long time Nashville resident and work in the music business.  I also love my community and take a lot of pride in my Airbnb.  This home was completely renovated by me and some friends a few years ago and has been painstakingly decorated and maintained for all of you to enjoy.  Because I travel extensively for a living, I’ve taken into consideration every detail to make your visit perfect.  I'm dedicated to making sure this home and property are in pristine condition and can promise you it will provide a "top notch" experience.  Thank you for allowing me to earn your business. I take it seriously and appreciate the opportunity to host you in Music City!     

Cheers!
Peter
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
191 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting