URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1322461429699713439
Latitude: 36.21
Longitude: -86.738
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the heart of East Nashville in this vibrant, Nashville-themed townhome! Wake up to stunning sunrise views from the rooftop deck, complete with a grill and cozy seating. Unwind in the fenced backyard with a fire pit and hot tub, and enjoy the charm of this modern, urban retreat. With 4 bedrooms, 4 baths, and unique touches like shuffleboard and café lights, this 3-story home is just minutes from local hotspots and a quick ride to Broadway—the perfect base for your Music City adventure!

The space
Your Nashville Escape Awaits!
Step into the rhythm of East Nashville, where urban energy meets relaxed comfort. Professionally designed and managed by Safiri, this stunning Nashville-themed townhome is nestled in one of the city's most vibrant neighborhoods and is more than a place to stay—it’s an experience designed to make your visit unforgettable. The perfect setting for connection and relaxation.

Imagine waking up to the glow of the sunrise, sipping coffee on a rooftop deck with sweeping views and the hum of the city as your backdrop. The aroma of breakfast wafts from the kitchen as you head down for a relaxing morning soak in the hot tub. After exploring all the exciting things Nashville has to offer, evening has you unwind in the fenced backyard, gathered around a fire pit or soaking in the covered hot tub, surrounded by the warm glow of café lights.  Later, head up to the roof to watch the trains pass as you get the grill fired up. The shuffleboard table sparks laughter and friendly competition while the cafe lights set the mood for the perfect night.

Thoughtful Design and Space for Everyone
This three-story retreat is as functional as it is beautiful, with:
4 Bedrooms
3 serene queen bedrooms, perfect for restful nights
A playful bunk room with 2 full-size bunks, ideal for kids or the young at heart
4 Full Bathrooms
Modern, spa-like spaces to refresh and recharge

The décor pays homage to Nashville’s spirit, blending modern touches with local charm. Every corner of this home is designed to make you feel right at home while immersing you in the magic of Music City.

Unmatched Amenities
A rooftop deck for unforgettable moments, complete with a grill, shuffleboard table, and cozy seating
A fenced backyard featuring a fire pit and covered hot tub, perfect for cool evenings or starry nights
Garage parking for 2 cars (maximum car length: 17 feet) to make exploring the city effortless

A Unique Urban Vibe
Located next to an industrial complex and train tracks, this home offers a one-of-a-kind Nashville experience. The passing trains add a touch of character, offering a glimpse of the city's working heartbeat. It’s a distinctive backdrop for your stay, setting it apart from the ordinary.

*Garage parking is available for two cars under 210 inches long. Driveway and side yard parking is not permitted. Extra street parking is usually available, but not guaranteed and at your own risk. If you choose to park on the street, please park on the industrial complex side of the road.

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire unit.

Other things to note
Other Things to Note
The hot tub is professionally maintained to ensure it's in pristine condition for your enjoyment. However, please note that the hot tub may not be immediately heated to your desired temperature upon your arrival. It takes some time for the water to heat up to the desired temperature, so we ask that you adjust the temperature as soon as you arrive if you plan on using the hot tub during your stay. The hot tub should never be set above 104 degrees for health reasons.

Your total reservation fee for this home includes a damage waiver fee, including any applicable taxes. The damage waiver ensures coverage for any accidental damage caused to the home or its contents, including appliances and furnishings, up to a maximum of $1,500. Damage due to smoking and pets is excluded. To benefit from this coverage, you must report the incident to the host before you check out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Safiri Vacation Rental Services
Host User ID: 437892731
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/437892731
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We're Safiri and we take pride in offering top-notch hospitality and unforgettable vacation experiences for our guests in the North Georgia mountains, the Florida Panhandle, Atlanta and Nashville. We are thrilled to have you as our guest and look forward to hosting you during your stay!
Speaks English
Lives in Canton, Georgia
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
1834 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting