URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/826047082371887406
Latitude: 36.1333
Longitude: -86.7809
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 9
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
New Bookings 4th Night Free with Fri/Sat night stay. Inquire for details.

- Sleeps 9 | 3 bedrooms | 6 beds | 3.5 baths
- Rooftop terrace w/ BBQ grill, string lights & group seating
- King & Queen suites w/ ensuite baths + rollaway cots 
- Full kitchen, dining table & outdoor dining area
- Walk to 12 South, Hattie B's & 8th Ave South spots
- Pet-friendly | Free parking | Self check-in | Long stays

The space
Three floors of living space, a glowing rooftop terrace, and a front door that opens straight into one of Nashville's most walkable neighborhoods - this townhome is built for groups who want more than a place to crash. Whether it's a milestone birthday, a long-overdue reunion, or a weekend of live music and hot chicken, this home keeps the energy going long after you've made it back from a night out in Music City.

Sleeping arrangements
The home sleeps 9 across three distinct levels. On the ground floor, a King Suite with an attached bath and direct access to the 2-car garage offers a naturally private retreat for anyone who wants a little separation from the group. Up on the second floor, a Queen Murphy bed tucks neatly away when not in use, keeping the space open and flexible during the day. The third floor holds two ensuite bedrooms - a King Primary Suite with two rollaway memory foam cots available for flexible configurations, and a Queen Suite. Every guest has somewhere comfortable to land.

Living spaces
The second floor is where the group naturally gathers. Open seating, pop art details, and wide windows fill the main living area with good natural light from morning through afternoon - equally suited to slow starts and lively pre-dinner hangs. Air conditioning, ceiling fans, and full heating keep things comfortable through whatever Nashville's weather throws your way this time of year.

Kitchen & dining
The full kitchen is set up for real cooking. A refrigerator, freezer, stove, oven, microwave, and dishwasher are all in place, with cooking basics, dishes and silverware, wine glasses, a coffee maker, toaster, baking sheet, and barbecue utensils rounding things out. A dining table anchors the space for sit-down meals, and coffee is also on hand to start the morning right.

Outdoor living
The rooftop terrace is the clear showstopper. String lighting, generous group seating, and a BBQ grill make it an easy gathering point - crisp autumn evenings in Nashville are exactly the kind of nights this space was made for. Set up a game of cornhole before heading out, or let the evening run long over a grilled meal under the lights. Down below, a backyard with outdoor furniture and a dedicated outdoor dining area gives the group another option to step outside and settle in.

Bathrooms
The home has 3.5 bathrooms, including ensuite baths connected to the King Suite and both third-floor bedrooms. Each is stocked with shampoo, conditioner, body soap, and a hair dryer, with hot water throughout. A bathtub is available for anyone looking to slow the pace between outings.

Amenities & essentials
This pet-friendly home includes Wi-Fi, a dedicated workspace, washer and dryer, TV, board games, iron, extra pillows and blankets, hangers, clothing storage, and all standard essentials. A private entrance, self check-in via smart lock, free parking on premises, and free street parking make arrival and day-to-day logistics simple. Safety features include exterior security cameras, a smoke alarm, and a carbon monoxide alarm. Long-term stays are welcome.

Neighborhood
Step outside and you're in one of Nashville's most walkable stretches. Hattie B's Hot Chicken and the shops and restaurants of 12 South are right there, and 8th Ave South spots are close by. Downtown Nashville sits less than two miles away - near enough for a quick Uber, easy enough to make every evening feel effortless.

New Bookings 4th Night Free with Fri/Sat night stay. Inquire for details.

Other things to note
Upon entering the front door you'll be greeted by the first floor King Suite with attached Bath - 2 Car attached Garage is the ground level with plenty of Free street parking.
Up a level to the Living space which boasts tons of natural light and plenty of space for large groups to gather.  Pop Art and updated furnishings make this the perfect place to celebrate any occasion from birthdays or reunions to engagement parties. On this living level you'll find a Queen Murphy bed that is easily made up and folded away when not in use.  The third level has 2 ensuite bedrooms - The King Primary and Queen suite.  2 Roll Away memory foam cots are in the Primary closet for use as well.  They are extremely comfortable and can be set up in the Primary Suite and 1 in the Primary closet for added privacy.  

The large open rooftop terrace is perfect for afternoon or anytime lounging.  Cool color changing string lights and accent lights allow you to set the mood for fun evenings and celebrations.  Plenty of seating for your entire group and room to spread out while grilling, relaxing or playing a round of corn hole after or before hitting the town in Music City.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: XENOS Guest Friend
Host User ID: 30962240
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/30962240
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My work: Owner / Operator Luxury Vacation Rental Management
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
2635 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting