URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1588599987436951419
Latitude: 36.1839
Longitude: -86.8151
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Halo, your stylish Nashville retreat where luxury meets excitement! Lounge on the rooftop patio with a fire pit, wet bar, smart TV, and sweeping views, or gather in the chic game room for pool, cocktails, and laughs. Inside, sink into plush furnishings, stream your favorite shows, and craft gourmet meals in the kitchen before exploring Broadway’s nightlife, perfect your swing at Ted Rhodes Golf Club, or soak up the campus charm and local vibes at Tennessee State University.

The space
⭐ Amenities:
- Tee off in style—just a 15 minute walk from Ted Rhodes Golf Club, perfect for a morning round and soaking in the serene fairways
- Explore Tennessee State University nearby, enjoying vibrant campus events, historic charm, and local culture
- Feel the pulse of Broadway, where live music, iconic honky-tonks, and vibrant nightlife keep the city buzzing
- Rooftop patio with a sophisticated lounge, fire pit, and smart TV—perfect for sunset cocktails, starlit movie nights, or laid-back rooftop vibes
- Alfresco dining and wet bar on the rooftop, designed for elegant gatherings, evening toasts, or casual bites with a view
- Game room featuring a sleek pool table, smart TV, and stylish bar seating—let the games, cheers, and good vibes flow all night long
- Open living area with sumptuous furnishings, a smart TV, and a fireplace—your ultimate spot to unwind in comfort and style
- Fully equipped gourmet kitchen and refined dining area, ideal for creating culinary masterpieces or sharing memorable meals
- In-unit washer & dryer, keeping your stay effortless, so you can focus on relaxation and indulgence

🛋️ Living Area (2nd Floor):
- Expansive open-floor living area—where sleek design meets ultimate comfort, perfect for gathering or unwinding in style
- Plush, inviting furnishings that practically beg you to sink in, sip a cocktail, and relax like royalty
- Smart TV for binge-worthy shows, movie nights, or streaming your favorite tunes in high style
- Chic fireplace adding a warm glow and sophisticated ambiance to the space
- Stylish coffee table—ideal for gourmet bites, cocktails, or lively conversation with friends

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining (2nd Floor):
- Gourmet kitchen fully equipped for creating everything from indulgent breakfasts to elegant dinners
- Top-of-the-line appliances including fridge, dishwasher, oven, 5-burner stove, microwave, and toaster—everything you need to cook, reheat, or entertain with ease
- Kitchen island with bar seating for 6—perfect for morning coffee, cocktail mixing, or gathering friends while meals come together
- Elegant dining area for 6, designed for laughter-filled dinners and memorable gatherings
- Keurig and drip coffee maker with premium coffee to kick-start your mornings!
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom (3rd Floor): King bed with a smart TV, walk-in closet, and an en-suite bathroom
- 2nd Bedroom (3rd Floor): Twin-over-Full bunk bed and a Twin trundle bed with a smart TV and an en-suite bathroom
- 3rd Bedroom (1st Floor): Queen daybed with a Twin trundle, a smart TV, and an en-suite bathroom
* Additional Sleeping Arrangement: Sleeper sofa in the living area

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom (3rd Floor): Single vanity with a stand-in shower
- 2nd Bathroom (3rd Floor): Single vanity with a shower/tub combo
- 3rd Bathroom (1st Floor): Single vanity with a shower/tub combo
- Half Bathroom (2nd Floor): Single vanity
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can

🚗 Parking:
- Parking lot (first-come, first served)

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
4 min walk: Kingston Jamaica Foods
8 min walk: Ed's Fish House
12 min walk: Bag Lady's Fry Joint
13 min walk: TrapHouse Wings
13 min walk: Morning Glory Cafe
15 min walk: Rosa L. Parks Park
15 min walk: Ted Rhodes Golf Club

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
5 mins: Tennessee State University
5 mins: The Original Kebab Gyros
5 mins: Official Wings
6 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
6 mins: Kweeeshas Eats
6 mins: Grandpa Bar - Coffee & Cocktails
6 mins: Broadway
6 mins: Germantown
7 mins: Frothy Monkey
7 mins: Fat Bottom Brewing Co
7 mins: Close Company Bar
7 mins: The Nations
8 mins: Topgolf
8 mins: Midtown
9 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
9 mins: Music Row
9 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
9 mins: Vanderbilt University
10 mins: Music City Center
10 mins: Bongo Java
10 mins: SOBRO
10 mins: The Blue Room at Third Man Records
10 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
10 mins: The Gulch
10 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
10 mins: RCA Studio
10 mins: Centennial Park
10 mins: The Parthenon
11 mins: 12 South
11 mins: Geodis Park
12 mins: Belmont Mansion
12 mins: McCabe Golf Course
17 mins: Nashville Zoo
18 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service! Please inquire to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within 2 hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided upon request, as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2025 Followed By:2025103784

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms!
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
17857 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting