URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/568827195098153703
Latitude: 36.1466
Longitude: -86.7856
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Tennessee Row, your high-octane Music City getaway! Ignite the night on the epic rooftop patio, where you can soak in the hot tub & enjoy those breathtaking skyline views. Fire up the BBQ, lounge by the fire pit, & keep the drinks flowing at the wet bar. Inside, you'll love the stylish living area & a pro-grade kitchen ready for quick bites or legendary feasts! When you're ready to explore, the trendy boutiques of The Gulch & the neon honky-tonks of Broadway are just moments away.

The space
⭐ Amenities:
- Just an 11-minute walk to The Gulch and Music Row, where you can explore trendy boutiques, rooftop lounges, legendary recording studios, and some of Nashville’s best dining and live music
- Only 3 minutes to Broadway, placing you moments from iconic honky-tonks, rooftop bars, live performances, and the heart of downtown nightlife
- Just 3 minutes to SoBro, home to upscale restaurants, stylish cocktail lounges, riverfront views, and major entertainment venues
- Private rooftop patio featuring a relaxing hot tub and sweeping skyline views—perfect for unwinding under the stars after a day in Music City
- Rooftop patio also includes comfortable outdoor seating, a cozy fire pit, BBQ grill, and dedicated dining area—ideal for sunset dinners, cookouts, and late-night gatherings
- Convenient wet bar located next to the rooftop patio, making it easy to mix cocktails, serve drinks, and entertain without missing a moment of the fun
- Bright, open-concept living area with plush, stylish furnishings and a Smart TV, creating an inviting space for lounging, streaming, and socializing
- Fully equipped kitchen paired with a welcoming dining area, ideal for preparing everything from quick breakfasts to home-cooked meals and enjoying them together
- Private first-floor patio with outdoor seating, offering a peaceful retreat for morning coffee, fresh air, or quiet downtime

🛋️ Living Area (2nd Floor):
- Spacious open-floor living area designed for effortless flow, natural light, and easy gathering—perfect for relaxing between adventures or hosting laid-back evenings
- Cozy, thoughtfully selected furnishings that blend comfort and modern style, creating an inviting space to lounge, socialize, or unwind after exploring Nashville
- Large Smart TV with streaming capabilities, ideal for movie nights, game-day viewing, or catching up on your favorite shows
- Stylish coffee table centerpiece, perfect for drinks, snacks, or planning your next Music City outing

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining (2nd Floor):
- Whether you’re just whipping up a quick midnight snack or prepping a legendary full-course feast, this kitchen is ready for action!
- Show off your culinary skills surrounded by sleek, professional-grade stainless steel that shines.
- The ultimate setup is ready for you—featuring a powerhouse 6-burner stove, oven, fridge, dishwasher, microwave, and toaster!
- Take a seat at the lively kitchen island where there’s plenty of room for six to snack, chat, and toast to the weekend.
- Gather the whole gang around the dining table for big, shared meals and even bigger laughs.
- Wake up on the right side of the bed with a fresh pot of coffee—the drip machine is ready and waiting for you!
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom (3rd Floor): King bed with a smart TV and an en-suite bathroom
- 2nd Bedroom (3rd Floor): King bed with a smart TV
- 3rd Bedroom (2nd Floor): King bed with a smart TV, walk-in closet, and an en-suite bathroom
- 4th Bedroom (1st Floor): King bed with a smart TV and an en-suite bathroom

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom (3rd Floor): Dual vanity with a stand-in shower
- 2nd Bathroom (3rd Floor): Single vanity with a stand-in shower
- 3rd Bathroom (2nd Floor): Dual vanity with a stand-in shower
- 4th Bathroom (1st Floor): Single vanity with a stand-in shower
- Half Bathroom (2nd Floor): Single vanity
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can

🚗 Parking:
- 2 car garage

Pack your bags and grab your boots—an unforgettable Nashville adventure awaits at Tennessee Row! It is the ultimate Music City home base for a legendary getaway.

❗️Notes to Guests & Important Details:
- Please note, this is an upcoming neighborhood so there may be construction for surrounding buildings. Depending on your booking dates, guests may experience nearby construction noise.

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
5 min walk: STK
6 min walk: Sambuca
6 min walk: Sunda
6 min walk: Starbucks
7 min walk: Burger Republic
7 min walk: Emmy Squared Pizza
7 min walk: Carne Mare
8 min walk: Barista Parlor
8 min walk: Biscuit Love (Breakfast)
9 min walk: UP (rooftop lounge)
9 min walk: Superica
9 min walk: The Dutch
10 min walk: Peg Leg Porker BBQ
11 min walk: The Gulch
11 min walk: The Chef and I
11 min walk: Stock & Barrel
11 min walk: Milk & Honey
11 min walk: Music Row
12 min walk: Tacos 1989
13 min walk: Kayne Prime Steakhouse
14 min walk: Adele's
14 min walk: RCA Studio

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
3 mins: Broadway
3 mins: The Blue Room at Third Man Records
3 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
3 mins: SOBRO
4 mins: Belmont Mansion
4 mins: Bongo Java
4 mins: Music City Center
4 mins: 12 South
4 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
4 mins: Frothy Monkey
5 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
5 mins: Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
5 mins: Belmont-Hillsboro
5 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
5 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
5 mins: The Filling Station
5 mins: Burger Up
6 mins: Vanderbilt University
6 mins: Geodis Park
6 mins: Centennial Park
6 mins: The Parthenon
6 mins: Sevier Park
6 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
9 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
12 mins: McCabe Golf Course
14 mins: Nashville Zoo
18 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- Air Mattresses ($50 - 1 per reservation)
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service! Please inquire to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within 2 hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided upon request, as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2022 Followed By:2022006478

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home with garage parking.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms! 
	- Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.
	 - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, Makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can.  
	 - We'll also be sure to provide you with two (2) paper towel rolls per kitchen and two (2) rolls of bathroom tissue per bathroom. 
	 - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

Registration Details
2022006478

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
17855 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting