URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1628043119660983572
Latitude: 36.1552
Longitude: -86.8213
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our professionally designed 4-bedroom, 3.5-bathroom home, perfectly situated just 2.5 miles from Broadway—close to all the excitement, yet tucked away enough for a peaceful and comfortable stay.

The space
Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway — a stylish, spacious home designed for unforgettable group stays just minutes from the action.

Located only 2.5 miles from Broadway (about a 5–10 minute Uber or Lyft ride), this professionally designed home blends modern comfort with classic Nashville charm. From the custom cowboy boot mural to the music-inspired décor throughout, you’ll feel the vibrant energy of Music City the moment you walk in.

The open-concept layout makes it easy for everyone to gather, whether you're cooking in the fully equipped kitchen, enjoying meals around the large dining table, or relaxing in the comfortable living space. Start your mornings with complimentary local coffee from The Well and stay connected with high-speed internet perfect for streaming or remote work.

Upstairs, the rooftop patio is the ultimate hangout spot. Enjoy city views under string lights, cozy up around the gas fire pit, and unwind with outdoor games and plenty of seating — ideal for sunset cocktails or late-night conversations.

This home comfortably sleeps 12+ guests, making it perfect for bachelor and bachelorette parties, birthdays, family gatherings, or weekend trips with friends.

You’ll be just a short ride from Nashville’s most popular spots, including Centennial Park, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, Music Row, and the trendy 12 South neighborhood. Great dining is also nearby, including Butchertown Hall, Rolf and Daughters, and 5th & Taylor.

Guest access is simple and convenient with self check-in, and you’ll have full access to the entire home during your stay.

Additional details:

Parking pad behind the home plus ample street parking

Pet-friendly (A non-shedding dog under 30 lbs). 

While rare, Wi-Fi interruptions or nearby construction may occasionally occur and are outside of our control

If you're looking for a spacious, fun, and perfectly located home base for your Nashville trip, this is it. Book your stay and get ready to experience Music City in comfort and style.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting