URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/12810878
Latitude: 36.086
Longitude: -86.8836
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Convenient apartment with easy parking and private entrance. The space is perfect for a single person or 2 adults, and a child or two if you have them. A cozy hideaway in a quiet neighborhood, with a small patio, garden, and creek beyond. Only 20 minutes to downtown, 15 to Vanderbilt.  

Super comfy queen bed, plus two additional sleeping options: a chaise in the bedroom, and a twin-size daybed in the the living room. Keurig coffeemaker and bottled water dispenser. Covered parking at your door.

The space
This is a separate apartment, the lower level of our home, with covered parking only a few feet from the private entrance. The main living area contains a twin-size daybed/sofa, a comfortable side chair and laptop table, gas fireplace, TV, and a kitchenette (no sink) with table and chairs. The private bath has a  shower (no tub) and colorful towels. The bedroom sports a comfy queen bed and a chaise that's perfect to use as a single bed, if you happen to have a child (or other extraneous person) with you.

There's a small convenience kitchenette, with a coffeemaker, mini-fridge, microwave, and toaster oven, as well as plenty of dishes and a handy table and chairs. But please be aware there is no stove or kitchen sink, so it's not really suitable for heavy-duty cooking.

High-speed wireless internet is available throughout the apartment, and there's a TV with broadcast stations and DVD player (not blu-ray) with assorted videos. No cable TV or streaming service, but that's no real loss--we hope the reason you've come to Nashville is to visit family or friends, or see the sights and hear some great live music!

Guest access
The apartment is private with your own entrance. Come and go as you like! You also have access to your own covered patio right outside your door. The bentwood rockers are a great place for morning coffee.
In addition, you're welcome to share with us the garden, yard, fire pit, and creek.

Other things to note
The apartment is on the lower level of our ranch home.  We have additional storage/living areas that are also on the lower level, separated from the apartment by a locked door, with a separate entrance through the garage. 

There's a tiny house on the property, and you may see someone coming and going from there. It's not part of the Airbnb.
 
We live on the first floor above you. Our children are grown, but they do visit occasionally. You'll find white noise machines in the bedroom and living room if you’re sensitive to footfall noise from the floor above you. 

This might be a good time to mention our dog Tupa. He stays with us, not you, but he does go out back with Martin a couple times a day for exercise. He's not a barker unless someone is breaking in, or he believes someone is (that's in his job description). You're welcome to pet him, but if you prefer that we keep him away from you, let us know and we will.

There's a train on the other side of the street, behind the houses. You probably won't hear it in the apartment, although many travelers regard trains as romantic.

Our reviews show that guests love our place. It's homey, as this is our home and we want it to be a welcoming space. We're usually around -- I currently work from home and Martin works part-time. That means you might see us gardening or hear us talking on the deck or smell food on the grill as we happily go about our normal lives. Those who are expecting more of a hotel room experience are better off choosing a different type of listing.

The apartment opens up to a lush garden (overly lush, at times). You might see cardinals, hummingbirds, finches, and maybe even a snapping turtle or great blue heron down by the creek. The rustic, scenic habitat is one of the charms of the apartment. We’ll do our best to provide a restful refuge for your stay in Nashville.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Nan
Host User ID: 53065200
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/53065200
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My husband Martin and I have lived in Nashville for 16 years now. I grew up in Wisconsin, and he in Philadelphia. I work at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in research support and science writing, and I also write fiction in my spare time. I love making art, playing pickle-ball, taking walks in our beautiful local parks, reading, and gardening. 
Martin and I live upstairs from the Airbnb guest suite. We’re anxious to provide our guests with a great experience, while also respecting their privacy. I take charge of most of the guest communication, while Martin oversees cleaning the suite and taking care of guest requests that are time-sensitive, since he works from home as a writer. He loves sports!
Together, we’ve raised five children, two of whom are still in college. We’re mostly empty nesters now, but the kids do come back and stay from time to time. Our family is active and we enjoy life!
We are so pleased to be able to offer this private part of our home to Airbnb guests. We love to stay at Airbnbs ourselves, finding them so much more homey and unique and private than a hotel room. We hope you feel the same way!
Kind regards,
Nan
My work: Writer, researcher
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
708 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting