URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/785407125645059947
Latitude: 36.1583
Longitude: -86.8147
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Free on-site parking (rare in Midtown) and an in-unit washer/dryer, blocks from West End and close to Vanderbilt and Centennial Medical Center. 1BR condo with a queen bed, sleeps 4, full kitchen and self check-in with smart lock. Good for traveling nurses, Vandy parents and remote workers. No pets. STRP.2019031861

The space
🎸 Welcome to Your Ultimate Nashville Getaway!
Get ready to relax, explore, and soak in the best of Music City from this cozy, well-equipped condo—perfect for a fun holiday retreat or a spontaneous escape! Whether you're visiting for a special occasion or just need a change of scenery, this space has everything you need to feel at home.

🌟 Property Highlights
1 Bedroom | Sleeps 4

Spacious bedroom with a comfy queen bed

Modern bathroom with tub/shower combo and plush towels

Sleeper sofa for extra guests

Smart TVs for streaming your favorite shows

Full kitchen with all the essentials

Coffee maker for those morning pick-me-ups

Free Wi-Fi

Washer & Dryer

On-site parking (street parking available too!)

🏡 The Space
Step into a stylish, welcoming condo located in the heart of Nashville’s vibrant West End. Unwind in the living area with a Smart TV and sleeper sofa, or cook up a storm in the fully equipped kitchen. After a day exploring the city, retreat to the peaceful bedroom with a plush queen bed. With thoughtful touches like high-speed Wi-Fi, a washer/dryer, and a cozy setup, you’ll have everything you need for a comfortable and memorable stay.

📍 The Location
Just minutes from Nashville’s most iconic neighborhoods—Midtown, The Gulch, and Lower Broadway—you’re never far from great food, live music, and exciting nightlife. Stroll through nearby Centennial Park, or hop in a quick ride to Downtown Nashville. Whether you're in town for fun, food, or festivities, this location puts you right in the middle of it all.

🎶 About Playlist Properties
We're proud to be Nashville’s first 100% locally owned and operated licensed vacation rental management company. When you contact us, you’re talking to someone who lives here and knows the city inside and out. We’re here to help you plan an unforgettable trip—offering personalized local tips and the best rates when you book directly with us.

Let us help you make the most of your time in Music City. We can't wait to host you!

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
STRP# - 2019031861

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting