URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1446746664928287500
Latitude: 36.1586
Longitude: -86.8066
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Perfect for extended stays!  Step into the rhythm of Nashville at this luxury loft—designed for dreamers, doers, and anyone ready to make memories in Music City. This isn’t just a condo; it’s where a real country music artist writes their next big hit. Whether you're sipping artisan coffee from the Jura machine, watching your favorite shows on the 75" TV, or heading downstairs to the secret speakeasy, you're in for something special.

The space
This modern one-bedroom loft has everything you need:
 - Luxury Adjustable Queen Bed for a truly restful night
 - Queen Murphy Cabinet Bed in the living room—perfect for extra guests
 - Full Kitchen with top-tier appliances
 - Washer & Dryer in-unit
 - Smart Tech Galore: 75" TV w/ YouTube TV, electronic blinds, wireless printer, air purifier, and more
 - And yes—a hidden speakeasy awaits just downstairs.

Extras You'll Love:
✔ Free on-site parking
✔ Basement speakeasy access
✔ Jura coffee machine & Vitamix blender
✔ Dyson hair dryer
✔ Elevator, stairwells, and observation deck
✔ Dipping pool, exercise room, and guest lounge

***Neighborhood Highlights***
Located just minutes from downtown, this home sits in a central Nashville neighborhood that offers easy access to the city’s top attractions, dining, and green spaces without the constant noise of Broadway.
This home is located in a central Nashville neighborhood, offering quick access to downtown attractions, universities, and major venues while staying just outside the busiest tourist corridors.

Nearby destinations (approximate):
Broadway – ~2.5 miles | 7–10 min drive
Music Row – ~1.5 miles | 5–7 min drive
Centennial Park & The Parthenon – ~1.8 miles | 6–8 min drive
Vanderbilt University / Vanderbilt Medical Center – ~1.5 miles | 5–7 min drive
Nissan Stadium – ~3.5 miles | 10–12 min drive
Bridgestone Arena – ~2.5 miles | 7–10 min drive
Germantown dining & breweries – ~2 miles | 6–8 min drive
Nashville International Airport – ~9 miles | 15–18 min drive

The vibe: Urban, convenient, and well-connected. Perfect for guests who want to explore Nashville during the day and come back to a quieter area at night.

Great for:
 - Traveling professionals
 - Extended stays
 - Visitors attending concerts, games, or medical stays
 - Guests who want proximity without staying directly on Broadway

Please reach out if interested in staying 28+ nights. We welcome extended stays! 

Whether you’re kicking back after a night on Broadway, grabbing coffee just steps away at Starbucks, or listening to live music across town, this luxe loft puts you right in the heart of it all—with just the right amount of retreat.

Book now and make your Nashville story one to remember!

Guest access
Enjoy full access to the building's amenities including:
 - Speakeasy
 - Elevator & stairwells
 - Entry lounge & observation deck
 - Dipping pool & fitness area
 - Free on-site parking

Other things to note
Please review the following information before booking:

By booking this property, you agree to all policies listed below:

GUEST REQUIREMENTS AND VERIFICATION
The primary guest must be at least 23 years old and must stay at the property throughout the reservation unless written approval is provided in advance. The primary guest is responsible for the reservation and the conduct of all registered guests and visitors.
For the safety and protection of our guests and properties, reservations may require identity verification and screening through a secure third-party service. This may include a signed rental agreement, valid government-issued photo identification, a live selfie, and reservation screening. The name on the identification must match the name on the reservation.
When required, verification instructions will be emailed after booking and must be completed before check-in instructions are released. Please check your spam or junk folder if you do not receive the email.
SECURITY DEPOSIT
For reservations where a security deposit is applicable and disclosed, a $350 refundable security deposit is required before check-in.
The deposit may be applied toward documented costs resulting from property damage, missing items, excessive cleaning, smoking, unauthorized pets or occupants, lockouts, lost access items, or other house-rule violations. Any remaining balance will be released after check-out in accordance with the reservation terms.
HOUSE-RULE VIOLATIONS, DAMAGES, AND CHARGES
Guests are responsible for following all house rules, property policies, and community requirements disclosed in the listing or provided before check-in.
House-rule violations may result in charges starting at $350 when the violation causes or requires additional cleaning, remediation, property damage, replacement of missing items, lockout or security services, unauthorized occupancy or pet-related costs, or another documented loss or expense.
The amount requested will be based on the circumstances and supported by applicable evidence, such as photographs, videos, inspection reports, guest communications, device records, estimates, receipts, or invoices. Charges may exceed $350 when the documented cost of addressing the violation is greater.
Serious or repeated violations, fraudulent activity, or conduct that threatens people, property, or the peaceful enjoyment of others may result in termination of the stay and removal from the property. Refund eligibility will be determined according to the reservation terms and applicable policies.
HOUSE RULES
• Smoking, parties, events, disruptive behavior, and excessive noise are prohibited.
• Quiet hours and all property or community rules must be followed.
• Only registered guests are permitted, and maximum occupancy may not be exceeded.
• Pets are not allowed unless expressly permitted by the listing or approved in writing.
• Furniture, décor, appliances, and electronics may not be moved or altered.
• Tampering with locks, Wi-Fi equipment, monitoring devices, cameras, or safety equipment is prohibited.
• Mail and package deliveries are not permitted. The host is not responsible for lost, delayed, or returned deliveries.
• Glitter, confetti, paint, glue, and unapproved decorations are prohibited.
• Guests must maintain reasonable cleanliness and promptly report damage or maintenance concerns.
CHECK-IN AND CHECK-OUT
Standard check-in begins at 4:00 PM, and check-out is by 11:00 AM unless otherwise stated in the listing. Early check-in and late check-out requests are subject to availability, must be approved in advance, and may incur an additional fee.
PARKING
If parking is provided, guests must follow all posted signs and property-specific parking instructions. When a parking pass, permit, vehicle registration, or assigned space is required, it must be used as instructed throughout the stay.
Vehicles parked without the required authorization or in reserved, restricted, or unauthorized areas may be ticketed, booted, or towed at the vehicle owner’s expense. The host is not responsible for towing, storage, retrieval, citations, or related fees.
ACCESS ITEMS AND LOCKOUTS
If keys, fobs, remotes, access cards, parking passes, or other access items are provided, guests are responsible for keeping them secure and using them only as instructed. All provided items must be returned to the designated location before check-out.
Lost, damaged, or unreturned access items and lockout assistance may result in additional charges. Guests may not copy, share, alter, or tamper with keys, access codes, locks, or entry devices.
AMENITIES
If amenities are provided, guests must follow all posted rules, operating hours, occupancy limits, and access instructions. Shared or community amenities may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance, weather, management decisions, local regulations, or other circumstances outside the host’s control.
Amenity access and availability are not guaranteed, and refunds will not be issued solely because an amenity is temporarily closed, restricted, or unavailable.
MAINTENANCE AND PROPERTY ACCESS
Routine maintenance, inspections, pest control, or other property services may occur during a stay. Authorized personnel may require access for scheduled service, necessary repairs, inspections, safety concerns, or emergencies. We will provide advance notice whenever reasonably possible.
Guests may not interfere with authorized service or tamper with smoke detectors, carbon monoxide detectors, fire extinguishers, locks, or other safety equipment.
NOISE MONITORING
This property is equipped with a Minut noise-decibel monitor. The device measures sound levels and their duration to help identify excessive noise and protect the surrounding community. It does not record audio or conversations and is not a camera.
Tampering with, disabling, covering, unplugging, or removing the device is prohibited and may result in additional charges or termination of the stay.
NOISE AND SURROUNDINGS
Some properties are located within residential, mixed-use, or shared communities. Occasional noise from neighbors, traffic, construction, community activities, landscaping, or city maintenance may occur and may be outside the host’s control.
WI-FI AND UTILITIES
Wi-Fi and utilities are provided for guest convenience. Temporary interruptions caused by service providers, building management, weather, maintenance, or other circumstances outside the host’s control may occur. Please notify us promptly if you experience an issue so we can assist.
POLICY ENFORCEMENT
The host reserves the right to terminate a stay and require immediate departure if there is evidence of serious or repeated house-rule violations, fraudulent activity, or behavior that threatens the safety of others, the property, or the quiet enjoyment of guests, residents, or neighbors. When permitted under the reservation terms and applicable policies, termination may occur without a refund.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Vector Nashville
Host User ID: 501554574
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/501554574
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
964 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting