URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/54345812
Latitude: 36.1427
Longitude: -86.8206
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Walk to Vanderbilt and Centennial Park from a spacious single-level condo designed for easy group stays. Featuring a private king suite, a second bedroom with two queen beds, two full bathrooms, a dedicated workspace, and a covered outdoor area, this is a comfortable stay for everyone. Elevator access and one secure garage space make arrivals simple, while all six guests can sleep comfortably in bedrooms. Broadway, Music Row, Midtown, and 12 South are a quick ride away.

The space
Welcome home to our sophisticated, residential West End condo.  With soaring high ceilings that create a bright and airy atmosphere, this stylish one-floor condo is your perfect home base. Relax in the inviting living room on the comfortable leather sectional, surrounded by modern decor. The fully equipped kitchen and spacious dining area are ready for you to enjoy home-cooked meals.

This home comfortably accommodates up to six guests:
Primary Suite: 1 Plush King Bed with a private en-suite bathroom.
Second Bedroom: 2 Cozy Queen Beds.

Key Features:
Work-from-Home Ready: A dedicated office nook with high-speed internet provides a quiet workspace.
Private Outdoor Space: Step onto your private covered patio to sip morning coffee or unwind after a day of sightseeing.
Open-Concept Living: Bright and spacious living and dining area.

Conveniently Located, Yet Serene:
- Less than 10 minutes to Broadway, 12 South, and Music Row  
- Minutes to Vanderbilt University  
- Explore the iconic Parthenon in nearby Centennial Park  

Enhancements for Your Stay:
- Concierge services available for local recommendations  
- Assistance in finding unique in-home experiences  

Long Term Living:
Looking for a comfortable, furnished home in Nashville for an extended stay? Whether you're a digital nomad, college student, or settling in as our newest neighbor, we've got you covered. If you're interested, feel free to reach out to learn more! Please take note that there is a refundable security deposit of $500 charged separately before check-in for any reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and a deposit of $1,000 charged separately before check-in for any reservations over 6 months.

Permit Number: 2021_followedby_038682

Guest access
Guests will have exclusive and private access to the entire condo.
   Private Unit: The condo is located on the second floor of a secure building, easily reachable via an elevator.
   Keyless Entry: Enjoy seamless self-check-in with a unique door code provided for your stay.
Secure Parking: Your stay includes one dedicated parking spot in the building's secure, enclosed garage. A garage door remote is provided. Please note, a $100 fee will be charged for a lost remote.

Other things to note
Welcome to our boutique hospitality experience, led by a close-knit team of husband-and-wife duo and their close friends. We've been making dream vacations come true since 2014 and we're thrilled to do the same for you! We choose our properties with care, only offering places we'd love to stay in ourselves. You'll find top local spots around each location and we're always ready to suggest the best picks tailored just for you.

- Check-In: We provide a unique, custom door code for each stay for secure and easy keyless entry.
- Guest Verification: All guests are required to complete an additional guest verification process after booking, which includes signing a liability agreement.
- Local Bookings: We typically do not host local residents. We may inquire about the purpose of your stay and reserve the right to decline bookings.
- Security Deposit: A refundable security deposit is required for longer stays and is charged separately before check-in. The deposit is $500 for reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and $1,000 for reservations over 6 months.
- Child-Friendly Rentals: If you need a pack and play or high chair, please inquire for a unique link to rent these items.
- 24/7 Support: Our team is available around the clock to help with any questions or personalized requests.
- Permit Numbers: 2021_followedby_038682

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Beckon Homes
Host User ID: 6675690
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6675690
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We're the crew at Beckon Homes. We're a small, family-run boutique property management company that works hard to treat our guests like our loved ones by welcoming them into homes and neighborhoods we ourselves would stay in. Our team is on 24/7/365 to ensure you have everything you need, whenever you need it. We can't wait to host you at one of our homes!
My work: making guests comfy
Most useless skill: no skill is useless!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
9907 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting