URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1567026657872982878
Latitude: 36.18631
Longitude: -86.81478
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 12
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The HydeAway by Elevay & Co. - the ideal home base for groups who want comfort, space, and fun, all within easy reach of the city’s best music, nightlife, and local favorites. We paired modern style with thoughtful amenities — including a dedicated game room with pool table & rooftop with a fire pit that keeps the good times going after exploring Music City.

The space
Everything you want in a Nashville stay — and nothing you don’t.

This is the kind of home where everyone gets their space and no one feels disconnected. With four bedrooms, four bathrooms, and ten beds, there’s real privacy for couples, room to spread out, and zero awkward sleeping arrangements. It comfortably holds a large group while still feeling calm and intentional.

Late nights naturally drift into the game room, where the pool table becomes the center of attention and time seems to disappear. The open living and kitchen layout keeps everyone together without ever feeling crowded — someone cooking, someone lounging, someone planning the night out, all sharing the same energy.

Free parking in front of the house makes coming and going easy, which matters more in Nashville than most people realize. Inside, the home feels bright and modern, with thoughtful design choices that make the space feel fresh the moment you walk in. Multiple hangout and living areas mean conversations don’t compete, and everyone can settle in their own way.

Mornings start slow and easy at the fully stocked coffee bar with K-Cups, no grocery run or planning required — just grab a cup and ease into the day.

The layout truly works for groups. Dinner comes together naturally. Watching the game feels communal. Even winding down at the end of the night still feels connected, not scattered across rooms.

The kitchen is fully equipped and spacious so meal prep doesn’t feel cramped and group breakfasts don’t feel rushed.

Homes Flow:
First floor B1: Queen Bunk
Second floor B2: Queen Bunk 
Third floor B3: 2x Q side by side 
Third floor B4: 2x double bunks 
Fourth floor: rooftop with fire pit!

Minutes to Key Spots:
Broadway: 8 minutes
Music Row: 10 minutes
Belmont University: 12 minutes
Vanderbilt University: 12 minutes
Centennial Park: 10 minutes
The Gulch: 10 minutes
Nissan Stadium: 10 minutes

Our home is located in North Nashville just minutes from the action. Location-wise, you’re close enough to Nashville’s energy to jump in whenever you want, and far enough to come back to a place that feels calm, comfortable, and entirely yours. Broadway is about eight minutes away, Music Row and The Gulch are around ten, Nissan Stadium and Centennial Park are also about ten, and both Belmont and Vanderbilt are roughly twelve minutes from the house.

Parking: the home offers first come first serve parking on the street in front of the home. 

Note: we do NOT rent to local guests.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge,  kitchen, living area, bedrooms, and bathrooms. Please note this is an attached townhome. Access is through a keyless coded entry.

Other things to note
HOUSE RULES

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund.

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

STRP#2021082022

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting