URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/934140386912459010
Latitude: 36.137
Longitude: -86.787
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Power and Heat 🔥 are Working! (1/29/26)

🎤✨ The Taylor - A Swiftie Dream Stay! ✨🎤 

Welcome to your Era of luxury at this Taylor Swift-inspired retreat in the heart of Nashville! Just minutes from The Gulch, 12 South & Broadway’s honky tonks, this chic 3-story escape is perfect for girls’ trips & birthdays. Belt out tunes in the private karaoke studio, glam up in the makeup room, and unwind in true VIP style. 💖🎤✨ 
#SwiftieSanctuary

The space
Three luxe bedrooms, each with two queen beds, so 12 of you & your besties can experience Nashville in total comfort. But let’s talk about the real stars of the show—your private karaoke room (hello, pop star moment!) and a glam makeup room for all the pre-night-out fun. 💄🎶

✨ The Space ✨
🏡 Sleeps 12 | 3 stories, 4 rooms | 6 queen beds
🚿 3 full bathrooms 
☕ Coffee – 2 drip coffee makers for those post-Broadway mornings...or walk to nearby coffee shops!
📺 TVs & high-speed Wi-Fi
🎤 Karaoke studio – belt it out, bestie!
💄 Makeup room – glow up before hitting the town
🔑 Keyless entry – seamless check-in

🛋 LIVING ROOM, KITCHEN & DINING 🛋
Located on the second floor, this cozy living room is the perfect hangout spot for a small family or even a group of 12. It opens to the kitchen & dining space

• 55” Wifi TV 
• Oven & Range
• Refrigerator/Freezer
• Microwave
• Dishwasher
• Drip Coffee Makers
• Toaster
• Glassware & Silverware
• Pots, Pans & Cooking Utensils 
• Island table for dining

😴 SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS - 3 BEDROOMS 😴
With three hotel-inspired bedrooms, this space was crafted to be beautiful and comfortable. All bedrooms and bathrooms feature linens, towels, and soaps…just like you’d find at a hotel with a Taylor theme.

🛏️ Bedroom 1 (second floor) 
•  two queen beds
•  ensuite bath with shower

🛏️ Bedroom 2 (third floor) 
•  two queen beds & ensuite bath
•  ensuite bath with shower

🛏️ Bedroom 3 (third floor) -- Primary Bedroom
•  two queen beds & ensuite bath
•  1x trundle bed that can be configured as 2x twin beds,1x king bed (this is a recent upgrade -- photos to come)
•  ensuite bath with shower / tub combo

🛏️ Bedroom 4 (first floor) 
•  Makeup area for all
• 1x trundle bed that can be configured as 2x twin beds,1x king bed (this is a recent upgrade -- photos to come)

🛏️ Common Spaces
•  Rollaway beds, pack n’ play available upon request

 Other than the already mentioned amenities, our home also comes with:

•  Autolocking smart locks
•  High-Speed Wi-Fi
•  Laundry Room with Washer/Dryer

🚙 Parking 🚙
•  There is ample free street parking by the home

📍 Location 📍 
SO close to The Gulch (Nash's trendiest neighborhood), 12 South & Broadway

Only a 10 minute walk away, the Belmont campus is the perfect spot to stroll and enjoy a morning coffee. When you're ready to explore, this home is nestled between 12 South and the Gulch - two of Nashville's most desirable and trendy neighborhoods. Both are a 15-20 minute walk or short ebike/scooter ride. Hoping to enjoy Nashville's legendary honky tonk scene? Broadway and Bridgestone arena are only 5 minute Uber away.

• Drive Times: Music Row/Gulch (4 min), 12 South (3 min), Broadway (5 min), Nissan Stadium (9 min) and Airport (14 min)

💁‍♀️What our guests have to say:
“Oh my god this place is amazing! The two dads had to Facetime their daughters to show them the place,  pretty sure one did a cribs style walkthrough. Living room was perfect for pre-dinner drinks, super short Uber to broadway, and a great breakfast spot a short walk away ”   -Ben

“Amazing house in the heart of Nashville! My daugher loved this hidden gem! It was absolutely perfect for a birthday getaway! Every single detail put into this pace is astounding! The house is clean, gorgeous and relaxing! We will for sure be back again and share this with all our swifty friends!" -Hannah

“The Taylor is dream come true! The details are extraordinary” -Afton

Guest access
Enter via keyless entry and enjoy your stay!

Other things to note
✧ HOSPITALITY by MAVEN DESTINATIONS ✧
We are Nashville natives, licensed real estate agents, and hospitality professionals. When you book with us, know you’ll be staying at a home that is thoughtfully decorated, professionally managed, and located in a desirable & established district of Music City.

✧ UNIQUE DOOR CODES✧
At Maven, we take your privacy and security seriously. Each reservation is issued a unique door code for your stay.

✧ NO SHARED SPACES ✧
The home is exclusively yours for the duration of your stay!

✧ ACCIDENTAL DAMAGE INSURANCE ✧
Things happen…so every reservation is covered by our accidental damage insurance policy at no additional charge! 

✧ EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECKOUT ✧
Our standard check in is at 4:00 pm and checkout is at 11:00. However, we know with large parties guests often have widely varying arrival and departure times. We make every effort to accommodate these requests for a small fee. 

✧ NO LOCAL RESERVATIONS ✧
Local reservations are only accepted with prior notice and approval.

✧ NO SMOKING ✧
This is a non-smoking house, so we kindly ask all our guests to refrain from smoking in, or near the home, where it could impact future guests.

✧ GUEST VERIFICATION ✧
Local regulations require us to verify your identity prior to check in (just like hotels). We do this through your booking platform or with a simple check in form where you input a government issued ID.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Ashley
Host User ID: 269786762
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/269786762
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville Native - Realtor - Animal Lover

Born and raised in Nashville, and a Realtor since 2009, I have witnessed firsthand the transformation of our quaint country town to the nationally sought-after destination it is today. 

Maven Destinations is my passion project to share intimate local insight, genuine hospitality, and a curated portfolio of homes...in what I consider one of the best cities in the world...with you! I hope you'll join us!
Born in the 80s
My work: Real Estate Agent
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1219 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting