URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1233198110283165019
Latitude: 36.1538
Longitude: -86.7753
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Ultimate Nashville Basecamp! 🎸

Experience the heart of Music City from this stunning Top-Floor Style condo! 🌆 Located steps from Broadway, you get a private balcony with sunset views, a heated pool with live music vibes 🏊, and a brand-new gym.

 Perfect for couples or small groups, this 1BR includes high-speed WiFi and premium linens. Service animals welcome. Safe, modern, and walkable to all the honky tonks! 🤠✨

The space
Welcome to your Downtown Nashville Sanctuary! 🏙️

Elevate your Nashville trip in this freshly designed, one-of-a-kind sanctuary. Located in a premier brand-new building, this condo isn't just a place to sleep—it’s your all-access pass to the best of Music City. Whether you're sipping coffee on your private balcony or catching a poolside acoustic set, you'll be living like a true Nashville insider.

💎 The Downtown Advantage:

Poolside Live Music: A true Nashville "Hidden Gem." Enjoy live local talent performing right by the heated pool—the perfect pre-party for your night on Broadway.

Skyline Balcony: Your private outdoor retreat. Catch what many guests call "the best sunset in Nashville" right from your own deck.

Resort-Style Amenities: Access the state-of-the-art gym, cycling classes, and BBQ pits to round out your luxury stay.

🏡 Inside the Home:

Modern Flow: An open-concept living space flooded with natural light, featuring chic decor and a Smart TV for downtime.

The Bedroom: A private retreat with a plush Queen bed and room-darkening shades to ensure you sleep through those bright Nashville mornings.

Full Kitchen: Stocked with cookware and a Keurig coffee station to fuel your morning before heading to Music Row.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Your safety and ease of access are our top priorities. We use a secure, keyless entry system.

Digital Access: No keys to lose. You will receive a unique code generated specifically for your stay.

Contactless: Arrive whenever you're ready—ideal for late flight arrivals or group coordination.

Secure Building: Benefit from the security of a modern, gated building in the heart of the city.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 4-6):

Bedroom: Plush Queen Bed 👑

Living Room: Comfortable Double-size Sleeper Sofa 🛋️

Extras: Queen-size Air Mattress with pump provided for extra guests.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

Broadway (5 min walk): Walk to iconic spots like Tootsie’s, The Stage, and Honky Tonk Central.

Country Music Hall of Fame (7 min walk): A must-see for any music fan.

Eats (2 min walk): You are surrounded by SoBro's best dining—from upscale bistros to local food halls.

Titans/Nissan Stadium (8 min drive): The perfect home base for game day or stadium concerts.

Local Tip: Check the pool schedule for live music times to get that VIP festival vibe right at home!

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a pet-free environment. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Guest access
You will have access to the entire unit and all amenities that our building has to offer! Which includes a heated pool, BBQ pits a gym, and cycling classes.

Pool access 🏊‍♂️: Please note that the pool is seasonally available; it typically closes for a couple of months during the winter and reopens depending on the weather. We appreciate your understanding and hope you enjoy it when it's open!

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Annie
Host User ID: 332026790
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/332026790
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We live in Nashville and love our city and our lives! We love to travel, no matter how close or how far away. We love meeting new people and I personally love giving people the vacation of their dreams because this used to be one of mine (and still is, I’m just living it now) I only want for my guests what I hope in return.
Born in the 90s
My work: Property Management
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
96 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting