URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1739250420496286664
Latitude: 36.16280808742351
Longitude: -86.77597653944926
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Spotlight by AvantStay! The Saddlery Building sits half a block off Lower Broadway, which means the buskers, the neon, and the music spilling out of every doorway are already part of your stay. Come back to whitewashed brick, a deep sectional, and a room that lets six people actually regroup before the next round of it.

🎸 Half a block to Lower Broadway & the honky-tonks
🛏️ King bedroom, full bedroom & sleeper sofa
🍳 Island seating for four, stainless kitchen & coffee stocked

The space
Downtown Nashville isn't built for quiet nights, and Spotlight sits right in the thick of it — tucked inside the historic Saddlery building, half a block off the neon glow of Lower Broadway. Step out the door and the honky-tonks, street-corner buskers, and live music that pours out of every entrance are all within a few minutes' walk. Printers Alley and its tucked-away speakeasies are just up the block, while the Ryman Auditorium, the Johnny Cash Museum, and the Country Music Hall of Fame round out an easy stroll through the city's musical heart. When the crowd heads to a Predators game at Bridgestone Arena or a night across the river at Nissan Stadium, you're close enough to skip the car and walk.

Back inside, the pace eases. The open living area is made for a group to land and regroup, anchored by a whitewashed brick wall, a roomy sectional, and a Smart TV for slow mornings and late-night recaps. Just off it, the kitchen is fully equipped for everything from a proper breakfast to a midnight snack: stainless appliances, an island that seats four, a two-top table for mapping out the night, and a drip coffee maker with grounds already stocked for the morning after.

Two bedrooms give a crew of six space to settle. The primary is set with a king, the second bedroom with a full, and a sleeper sofa in the living room covers the plus-one who wasn't planning to stay over. A full bath with a shower-tub combo and a separate half bath keep the morning shuffle moving.

It's a well-placed, easy downtown base — the city's biggest night is always just outside the door, and a comfortable landing spot is always waiting when you're ready to call it. So go ahead and steal the Spotlight; Nashville's always up for an encore.

In the heart of downtown Nashville, The Saddlery puts you within a few blocks of both Broadway and Printer's Alley — one of the most walkable, most coveted addresses in the city. This is downtown the way you'd actually want to do it: live music and honky-tonks one direction, tucked-away bars and late-night eateries the other, rooftop views and local favorites filling in everywhere between. Inside, thoughtfully designed units give you somewhere just as good to come back to — a place to slow down and regroup between the nights out. And when the whole crew's in town, units can be booked together, so larger groups can spread out while staying right next door to one another.

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, ""Nashvegas"" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

AvantStay provides an upscale experience with services that elevate your stay and save time so you can enjoy every moment. Guests have access to a 24/7 support team and a tech-enabled concierge to book services, such as fridge stocking, mid-stay cleanings, and private chefs. For anything you need (or never knew you needed), we're at your service!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- This is a fourth-floor unit with elevator access.
- As a downtown home in the heart of the action, expect city energy and noise, especially at night — there's a bar and live-music venue on the ground floor of the building that stays lively late. Ongoing streetwork on 2nd Avenue may also affect nearby foot traffic and loading. Light sleepers may want to pack earplugs.
- The building offers both stair and elevator access to all Saddlery units.
- Please note that individual units may vary slightly in design, location, and views. Photos are representative and may not reflect the exact unit booked.
- There's no washer or dryer in the unit, but a laundromat is located nearby for anyone who needs to freshen up a few things during a longer stay.

Parking Details:
- Please make sure you park only in the designated property parking locations. If your home offers street parking, please make sure you read all posted signage.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

Registration Details
2020053976

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting