URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/48167146
Latitude: 36.1455
Longitude: -86.7956
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Scarritt Bennett. Come stay in a piece of history while enjoying the city of Nashville just steps outside your door. Our space is on Music Row, a block from Vanderbilt, and minutes from Belmont, Lipscomb, Hillsboro Village, 12S, Midtown, Honky Tonk Row and more!
 
• Walkable to restaurants & bars
• Keypad entry
• Free parking on-site
• Free WiFi 
• Check-in at 4 pm // Check out at 10 am
• No smoking or alcohol allowed
• NO ELEVATOR
 
PLEASE READ THE LISTING FULLY BEFORE BOOKING.

The space
*THIS ROOM IS ON THE SECOND FLOOR AND THERE IS NO ELEVATOR ON SITE. If you would like to book a first floor room, reach out to us prior to booking.

We want you to enjoy your stay just as much as you do. Help us ensure you are booking the right fit for your needs by reading this listing fully before booking. 
 
Our twin suite is located on the second floor in one of the old dorm buildings of what was once Scarritt Bennett College for Christian Workers, then later Scarritt Graduate School (more history about the campus below). The suite is made up of two rooms adjoined by a full bathroom with a tub/shower combo. Each room of the suite is approximately 100 sq ft. With the bathroom, the total space is about 250 sq ft. Expect a room without frills but on a campus akin to a European monastery or dare we say, Hogwarts…
 
The rooms each have a twin sized bed plus a desk and chair. You will comfortably sleep no more than 2 people total in the suite. Each suite is equipped with ONE TV with streaming capabilities, ONE mini-fridge with a freezer, ONE microwave, and lastly ONE keurig-type coffee maker. Keep in mind for this suite you will have to walk through the first room and the connected bathroom to get to the second room!

In the cool months we provide heat only. In the warmer months we provide air conditioning only
 
If booking here, keep in mind it’s not the room that you’re booking the space for, it’s the location and the beautiful campus. We encourage our guests to explore! Check out the architecture, the archways, there’s even a labyrinth.
 
Key House Rules: 
• No alcohol 
• No smoking
• No pets
• No parties
 
So what is Scarritt Bennett Center? 
Scarritt Bennett Center is a nonprofit conference, retreat, and transformative education center. It’s history dates back to the late 19th century when it was first established as the Scarritt College for Christain Workers. The college sought to train young women missionaries in a time when women were still prohibited from many forms of leadership. The college eventually became co-ed, and in 1952 it became one of the first white, private colleges in the state of Tennessee to integrate. Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. famously visited the college and preached in its historic Wightman Chapel on April 25, 1957. Scarritt College operated from 1892 up until 1988 when it became the home of the now nonprofit organization, Scarritt Bennett Center. 
 
Today, Scarritt Bennett Center’s mission is “to create space where individuals and groups engage each other to achieve a more just world.” The center is property of the Women’s Division of the United Methodist Church. Expect to see the United Methodist Women on campus throughout the year for board meetings, chapter workshops, and retreats. The campus also regularly hosts conferences, private events, weddings, and elopements.

Scarritt Bennett Center offers a variety of programming across the year that are free and open to the public, including poetry readings, live jazz music, chapel services, and more. Guests staying on campus are encouraged to participate in all that the campus has to offer - after you have booked, please inquire for more info about these campus activities.

Guest access
You will have full access to your suite as well as access to the dorm building and permission to explore the campus. 
 
The dorm building is of course shared with other guests so you may pass each other in the halls. 
 
There is free parking onsite, 1 car allotted per suite reserved and a pass will be required. Additional street parking can be found off campus.

Other things to note
→ No Elevator
→ No alcohol is allowed on campus, in the dorm building, or in the rooms
→ No smoking is allowed on campus, in the dorm building, or in the rooms
 
This property is not the right fit if:
→ You’re looking for a modern building with a giant room and bed. Our rooms are small and the building is frankly, not new. For some it’s not the right fit, for others it’s an experience with a bit of character. 
→ You’re up to no good. Our property is heavily surveilled. We are serious about no alcohol, smoking, no parties. You will be fined and required to leave immediately if found to break any of our house rules. 
 
Misc details:
→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that an early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.
→  Regarding the unit: It is small. Max occupancy is 2 people. There is no kitchen. You will have ONE television, ONE mini fridge/freezer, ONE microwave and ONE keurig-type coffee maker. We provide linen, travel-sized toiletries, and a hair dryer. An iron and board are available by request only. Guests are responsible to provide any additional amenities desired other than the starter items provided. Keep in mind for this suite you will have to walk through the first room and the connected bathroom to get to the second room!
→ In the cool months we provide heat only. In the warmer months we provide air conditioning only
→ There is free parking onsite, 1 car per unit reserved
→After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival, if booking same day, you may call our team as soon as you've booked. Please ensure your number on your Airbnb profile is up to date. 
→ Rest assured, our team is local and available 24/7 for any emergency that may arise.
→ For tips on places to eat, things to do, & all things #Nashville find us at @urbannashvacations.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Paige
Host User ID: 387909824
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/387909824
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Thank you for checking out Scarritt Bennett & our Manor Home. We are so excited to welcome you to stay with us! 

We have a spot for any traveler coming to Nashville. We partner with UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals to manage our property. If you need anything, you are in good hands with them. 

Let us know if you have any questions about Nashville or the units! We look forward to hosting you.
I spend too much time: Wandering Scarritts campus
I'm obsessed with: Historic buildings & art
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
6128 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting