URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/53314068
Latitude: 36.1785
Longitude: -86.7588
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to "Southern Gent"—Your Stylish Nashville Retreat!

This sleek, modern luxury home is perfectly located and brimming with charm. Designed with an aficionado vibe, it’s the ultimate destination for a sophisticated bachelor or bachelorette party, or any group getaway to Music City.
STRP.2021039846

The space
Welcome to “Southern Gent”—The Ultimate Nashville Retreat!

Get ready to host your group in style! This spacious and thoughtfully designed home is perfect for entertaining, relaxing, and creating unforgettable memories in Music City. Just 5 miles from Downtown Nashville, the top-floor deck offers stunning skyline views, making it the ideal spot for pre-game cocktails or late-night wind-downs. With 10 beds and 6 full baths, there’s room for everyone to spread out, get ready with ease, and enjoy the best of Nashville.

What Makes “Southern Gent” Special:
This luxury rental is decked out with leather accents and a masculine, modern color palette, creating a chic yet cozy atmosphere. Whether you’re enjoying a game night in the fully loaded Game Room or soaking in the city views from the rooftop deck, this home has everything you need to entertain your group and more.

Game Room Features:
• Air Hockey Table
• Pool Table
• Dart Board
• Mini-Fridge
• Karaoke Machine
• Large Screen TV

Sleeping Arrangements:
• Primary Bedroom: King Bed + 2 Twin Beds with en suite Full Bath
• Bedroom 2: King Bed + Twin Pull-Out Bed with en suite Full Bath
• Bedroom 3: Queen Bed with en suite Full Bath
• Bedroom 4: Queen Bed + Twin Bed with en suite Full Bath
• Top Floor Lounge: Queen Sleeper with en suite Full Bath
• Game Room: Queen Sleeper with access to Full Bathroom on Main Floor

Living Spaces & Amenities:
• Fully equipped kitchen with everything needed to cook, eat, and drink
• Large courtyard shared with three other units, featuring outdoor games and a grill
• Private driveway with ample parking
• Full-size washers and dryers for convenience
• Rooftop deck with seating and fire feature

Perfect for Groups of Any Size:
“Southern Gent” is one of four units (A, B, C, & D) that share a private courtyard, making it easy to book multiple homes for larger groups. Each unit sleeps 12, and combined, they can accommodate up to 48 guests.

Prime Location:
In just 5 minutes, you’ll find yourself at some of Nashville’s most iconic spots, including the neon lights of Broadway, world-class music venues, museums, Vanderbilt, Music Row/Edgehill, 12South, Belmont, and Midtown.

Why Choose Playlist Properties?
As Nashville’s first licensed vacation rental company, we specialize in creating “dream home-away-from-home” experiences. From insider tips to personalized recommendations, we’re here to make your Nashville visit unforgettable.

Book directly with Playlist Properties for exclusive savings or to pair this home with others for larger groups. Don’t miss your chance to stay in this stunning property and create your ultimate Nashville adventure!

STRP#-2021039846

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
STRP# - 2021039846

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting