URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/915468975299927515
Latitude: 36.11734
Longitude: -87.0608
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Pegram, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Escape to Ridgeview Retreat, a luxury mountain home just 25 minutes from downtown Nashville. Designed by recording artist Leigh Robbins, this 4BR/4BA retreat sleeps 10 and features a wraparound deck, fire pit, porch swing, game room with pool and poker tables, and a gourmet kitchen with Traeger grill. Enjoy forest views, starry nights, and easy access to hiking, ziplining, and the Harpeth River. The perfect blend of comfort, nature, and Nashville charm.

Other things to note
Primary renter must be at least 25 years of age. Guests may be asked to present their IDs upon arrival or anytime during their stay.

This luxury home offers a wonderful opportunity to embrace nature while still being within easy reach of the vibrant nightlife of Downtown Nashville.  Bask in nature from the magnificent large wrap around upper deck as you marvel at nature’s creations, with views of the forest and sounds of birds and wildlife all around you.  Relax with friends in a row of modern Adirondack rocking chairs with a cold drink in hand gazing up at the stars. You can head down the stairs to lounge on the lower covered porch in a comfortable seating area, where you can also curl up on the dreamy porch bed swing with your favorite book.   

At night, head over to the fire pit nestled between the trees where s’mores and making lasting memories are key. If you’re looking for additional family fun, how about a competitive game of pool on our modern pool table or a card game on the poker table in the game room downstairs.… While you play the night away, you can still view the mountain scenery through the glass garage door inviting the beautiful surroundings inside.  

OUR HOME:

Living/Dining: The open concept main level is surrounded by French doors flooding the space with sunlight and views of the beautiful surrounding ridge. In the winter months you will be mesmerized at sunset as the sky burns a brilliant orange at days end. You can dine around the upscale granite island with plenty of prep space in the gourmet kitchen or enjoy your meal outside under a partially covered space on the deck.  The gourmet kitchen is well-stocked with dishes, utensils, cookware, and bakeware.  A Traeger grill/smoker will offer another option for special mealtimes.

Bedrooms: 
Master Suite - King bed with Ensuite Bath including Soaking Tub and Walk-in Shower.  

Guest Room - Queen bed with Twin Trundle.  

Guest Room - Queen bed with Twin Nook which houses a twin mattress and round porthole window with children’s books and binoculars for the little nature watchers.  

Bunk Room with Full over Full size bunk beds and ensuite bathroom with shower.

Maximum Guest Occupancy: 10 Guests (Please note that children under the age of two years still count toward the maximum guest occupancy.)

AREA:

At Ridgeview Retreat you will feel as though you are out in the country yet you are less than 15 minutes away from restaurants, gas stations, grocery stores, and Interstate 40. We are an easy 25 minute ride to downtown Nashville.  If you’re adventure bound, enjoy our nearby Harpeth River to fish, hike, or canoe/kayak with rental shops nearby.  Nearby Adventureworks will have your party zip lining through the treetops and green hills of Tennessee with a birds eye view. The many parks surrounding Ridgeview Retreat located in Pegram TN will provide lasting memories for groups of all kinds. One of Tennessee’s best public golf courses is within 25 minutes of Ridgeview Retreat, just outside of beautiful Montgomery Bell State Park which is a wonderful destination all its own.

Damage and Incidentals:
You will be responsible for any damage to the rental caused by you or your party during your stay.

AMENITIES

Essentials:
Internet
Linens provided
Heating 
Air Conditioning
Hair Dryer

Kitchen:
Microwave
Refrigerator 
Keurig Coffee maker
Dishwasher
Ice Maker

Outside:
Fire pit
Traeger grill/smoker

Entertainment:
2 Smart tv’s
Pool Table
Poker Table
Board Games

Laundry
Washer
Clothes Dryer

Upon booking, you’ll receive timely communications about your trip. Access to your professionally cleaned and sanitized home is also convenient with our custom keyless locks. And, if you need anything before, during or after your stay, our local team is ready to help!

Please be aware that there will be NO refunds for Wi-Fi issues as it’s not guaranteed. If reliable Wi-Fi is a must, you are welcome to bring your own internet hotspot.

Non-negotiable rules: No Smoking or Vaping, No Pets, No Events or Parties, No Firearms. Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am (unless posted signage indicates otherwise).

We have 2 outdoor ring cameras on the property. One is on the front door and the other is outside the garage. These cameras only record activity going on at the door on the outside of the property.

We also have smoke monitors that detect the presence of smoke or vaping going on in the unit. We want to keep this unit as a nonsmoking unit so this policy must be followed.

GRILL: We provide the pellets to use in the grill. PLEASE DO NOT USE REGULAR CHARCOAL. Using regular charcoal in a Traeger grill can absolutely cause damage and is strongly discouraged by the manufacturer. Here’s why:
1. Fire Risk and overheating
Traeger grills are designed to burn wood pellets in a controlled feed system. Charcoal burns much hotter and more erratically. Using charcoal could:
    •    Overheat the grill’s internal components
    •    Melt or warp the auger, firepot, or internal wiring
    •    Start an uncontrolled fire in the burn chamber
2. Damage to Internal Components
Charcoal produces ash differently than pellets. It can clog the auger, jam the fan, and leave residue in areas not designed to handle it, resulting in:
    •    Damage to the fan motor and sensors
    •    Blocked airflow and heat distribution issues
    •    Corrosion or premature wear
3. Voided Warranty
Traeger’s warranty clearly states that improper fuel usage (like charcoal or wood chunks) voids the warranty. So if a guest damages your grill with charcoal, Traeger won’t cover repairs.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 146884195
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/146884195
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Looking to plan a dreamy beach get-away? 30a Seascapes has hundreds of properties, from the salt filled waters of the Gulf, Music City (Nashville), and more. As a #1 rated Superhost, 30a Seascapes provides the best guest experience by way of stunning beachfront properties, topnotch resorts offering fantastic amenities, and excellent customer service. We pride ourselves when it comes to reliable, timely, and clear communication with our clientele.
Born in the 60s
Speaks English and Serbian
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
9 years hosting
35140 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting