URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1699371065743886832
Latitude: 36.1716
Longitude: -86.7797
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stunning Riverfront condo with 2 private balconies. WALK to Downtown Broadway Bars, Germantown and lots of restaurants, bars and coffee shops. Guest parking available in a gated garage connected to the building.  Enjoy your morning coffee on our private balcony overlooking the Cumberland River. Washer/Dryer in the unit, High Speed Wifi, Smart TVs in the living room and one bedroom. Walk to Brooklyn Bowl, Sounds Baseball Stadium, Ryman, Titans Stadium, Country Music Hall of Fame and so much more!

The space
HIGHLIGHTS

★ 3 Bedrooms
★ 2.5 Bathrooms
★ 2 Kings, 2 Twin Bunk Beds, 1 Futon Sofa 
★ Walk to Downtown Nashville & Broadway Bars
★ Dedicated Parking for 1 car in a gated garage, plus additional guest parking available (first come, first serve)
★ Smart TVs in the living room and a bedroom 
★ 2 Private Balconies with outdoor furniture
★ High-speed wifi
★ Fully equipped kitchen for all of your cooking needs
★ Dining table with seating for 6, plus additional high-top table with seating for 4
★ Tons of natural light
★ Washer/Dryer in the condo 
★ Coffee maker and coffee provided
★ Hassle-free check-in with no keys, just codes 
★ Located next to Germantown neighborhood - a popular area with great restaurants, coffee shops and shopping
★ Right next to Sound Baseball Stadium & Brooklyn Bowl (see some great music concerts)
★ Hair dryers, shampoo, conditioner and body wash provided
★ Ample closet storage space for your clothes & other items
★ Central AC + Heat
★ Secure building with key code entry
★ Elevator in the building
★ Sound machines in the bedrooms
★ Guitars

BEDS:
Bedroom 1: King Bed + balcony
Bedroom 2: King Bed + ensuite bath
Bedroom 3: Two Twin Bunk Beds
Living Room: Futon Sofa

BATHROOMS:
Bathroom 1: Full size in the hallway
Bathroom 2:  Full size connected to bedroom #2
Bathroom 3: Half bath in the hallway

This condo is one of Nashville's gems, and it's nearly impossible to find anything as well appointed, close to town, and comfortably furnished as this condo. If you want a memorable, tranquil space that is within walking distance to all the attractions in Downtown Nashville, then this is the home for you. Step out of the home and you're a short half mile walk to Broadway, where there are many restaurants and Honky Tonks with live music every night. Walk to Bridgestone Arena only 0.7 mi, the Music City Hall of Fame is just a 0.8 mi walk. Even the world-renowned Ryman Auditorium (the original Grand Ole Opry) is a short 0.6 mi. walk from the condo! We're also near Nissan Stadium (home of the Tennessee Titans), Ascend Amphitheater, Brooklyn Bowl and First Tennessee Park where the Sounds (minor league baseball team) play. You can't beat this location.

Our condo boasts natural, inviting furnishings to make you feel at home and at ease. Professionally cleaned and designed, all aspects have been thoughtfully put together with your comfort & convenience in mind. High-quality mattresses + bedding, tasteful details incorporated throughout, modern amenities and plenty of space. This condo will allow you to rest and relax after an adventurous day exploring Nashville. You can’t beat this location - walking distance to so many things!

Walk To (alphabetical order):

- Ascend Amphitheater
- Bicentennial Park
- Bridgestone Arena (Predators)
- Brooklyn Bowl Music Venue
- Country Music Hall of Fame
- Country Music Television (CMT)
- Farmers Market
- Germantown
- Hard Rock
- Honky Tonks
- Music City Center (Convention Center)
- Printer’s Alley
- Restaurants such as Jonathan’s, Merchants, Jeff Ruby’s, Puckett's, Morton's, The Southern Steak & Oyster, Wildhorse Saloon and numerous others!
- Ryman Auditorium
- Schermerhorn Symphony
- Sounds Minor League Baseball Stadium
- Tennessee Performing Arts Center (TPAC)
- Titans Stadium

Guest access
You will have the entire condo to yourself.

Other things to note
Early check in times selected through the app are not applicable. If you would like early check in, you must message us.

All pets must be approved by us in advance of your booking.

Please note that this is a city condo and Nashville is growing quickly! There may be some construction noise around the area. Also, there is an active train line next door that does make noise when passing. It's fun to watch and we do provide sound machines for light sleepers.

We have one dedicated parking space in the garage. Additional parking is first come, first serve.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amy
Host User ID: 416033925
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/416033925
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I am an experienced Airbnb host. I have been renting out homes through Airbnb for over 15 years. My team and I are excited to host you and make this a memorable trip. If there's anything we can do to make your stay more enjoyable, please don't hesitate to reach out!
Fun fact: I love to travel and meet new people!
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
11408 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting