URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1708707233867703336
Latitude: 36.1525
Longitude: -86.7826
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 4
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
New listing! Photos coming soon. See our profile for reviews. - Stay in the heart of The Gulch, one of Nashville's most walkable and sought-after neighborhoods. This comfortable 1-bedroom + den condo sleeps up to 4 guests and is ideal for couples, small families, friends, or business travelers. Walk to restaurants, bars, coffee shops, shopping, and grocery stores, then unwind with community amenities including a pool, fitness center, grills, and a peaceful zen garden.

The space
This comfortable 1-bedroom + den condo is thoughtfully designed to accommodate up to 4 guests. The primary bedroom features a Queen bed, while the den has been converted into a dedicated sleeping space with a Twin daybed and Twin trundle, offering additional privacy and flexibility for families, friends, or business travelers.

The open-concept living area provides a comfortable place to relax after a day exploring Nashville, complete with a Smart TV and dining table that seats up to six guests. The fully equipped kitchen includes the essentials needed for preparing meals during your stay, and the in-unit washer and dryer add extra convenience.

For entertainment, the condo features three Smart TVs—one in the living room, one in the primary bedroom, and one in the den sleeping area—allowing everyone to unwind with their favorite shows.

Located on the first floor of a modern residential building in The Gulch, the space offers easy access while still providing a comfortable home base in one of Nashville's most vibrant and walkable neighborhoods.

Sleeping Arrangements

Bedroom: 1 Queen Bed
Den: 1 Twin Daybed + 1 Twin Trundle
Living Area: 1 twin air mattress 

Maximum Occupancy: 4 Guests

🧴🧻 A complimentary starter supply of shampoo, conditioner, body wash, toilet paper, paper towels, laundry detergent, and dishwasher pods is provided upon arrival. If additional items are needed or supplies run out, guests may replenish them at their convenience.

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the entire condo during their stay, including the bedroom, den, living area, kitchen, bathroom, and in-unit laundry.

Guests will also have access to the community amenities, including:

Resort-style pool (open dawn to dusk)
24/7 fitness center
Outdoor grilling area
Zen garden

The property is located within a residential building in The Gulch. Access instructions, building entry information, and any applicable amenity details will be provided prior to arrival.

Please note that this is a residential community. We ask guests to be respectful of neighbors and shared spaces throughout their stay.

Other things to note
Enjoy the comfort and convenience of a thoughtfully equipped 1-bedroom + den condo in the heart of The Gulch. Features include three Smart TVs, complimentary Wi-Fi, a fully equipped kitchen, in-unit washer and dryer, and a dining table that seats six. The flexible layout offers a private bedroom plus a dedicated den sleeping area with a Twin daybed and Twin trundle, making the space ideal for couples, small families, friends, or business travelers.

Guests also have access to community amenities including a resort-style pool, 24/7 fitness center, outdoor grilling area, and a peaceful zen garden. With restaurants, bars, shopping, coffee shops, and multiple grocery stores all within walking distance, you'll have everything you need for a comfortable Nashville stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Adam
Host User ID: 363524491
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/363524491
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
A veteran traveler who has logged tens of thousands of miles for work and pleasure.   I know from experience what a traveler wants and the beginning and end of a long day.  After many years of intensive travel and learning what made a five star stay.  I decided to create this experience and share it with other. 
The goal is to provide travelers with more than a bed.   I know travelers are on the road and away from home, and  desire a safe, comfortable,  experience in a great location.
Speaks English and Spanish
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
6 years hosting
1112 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting