URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/52673697
Latitude: 36.13524
Longitude: -86.78566
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to ’Nashtopia’

Such an Incredible location close to all the Nashville hot spots.
Hop in a 5 minute Uber to the downtown honky tonks or visit some of Nashville’s great Midtown & WestEnd local bars & eateries. Urban trendy Edgehill, Hillsboro Village & The 12th S district are all a short walk away. You are spoiled for choice with places to eat and be entertained!

With a spacious rooftop terrace, 4 bedrooms, 3.5 bathrooms and designer finishes throughout, you’ll find this large property contains everything you need to have a wonderful visit to Music City.

Here is a detailed description of the individual rooms and layout:

On the ground floor you have a large 1 car garage with additional parking availability for 1 other vehicle outside the garage door. You will also find our ensuite bedroom dubbed ‘The Tina Turner’, featuring a flat screen TV, King sized bed, large closet, rollaway additional single bed and connected bathroom with walk-in shower.

On the main level from the street you are immediately greeted by a large living room with custom painted accent walls and mounted  flat screen TV. The living room is open to the kitchen which features a spacious bar top and floating island for additional high top seating. Granite countertops, stainless steel appliances with Gas cooktop along with all your expected cooking appliances can be found at your disposal. A half bathroom and Cozy bedroom featuring full-size bunk beds are also located on this floor. This Willie Nelson bedroom also has access to a balcony to enjoy a morning cup of coffee.

The second floor has 2 large bedrooms that are also themed and 2 full bathrooms. The master suite is themed for the legendary Dolly Parton herself and has a king sized bed, rollaway additional single bed, mounted flat screen TV and an ensuite bathroom with double vanities and stand alone shower. The last bedroom on this floor is the home of Johnny Cash and has 2 queen size beds, featuring a large flat screen TV, spacious closet, additional rollaway single bed along with access to the additional full bathroom in the corridor.
If you are staying for a while and need to do laundry while in town, then you'll be pleased to know we have a full laundry room with detergent provided!

Then there’s the feature of the property located at its pinnacle. The rooftop terrace is an incredible place to hang out. Plenty of seating for all of your group with ambient fairy lighting draped from the pergola and a gas fire-pit to sit around retelling stories of your trip, you’ll find this to be the perfect place to relax with friends. Bring yourself a bag of ice to the roof and utilize our convenient drinks cooler to save you going up and down stairs and If you fancy a game of corn hole, then make yourself at home and enjoy the use of our boards that are included for your enjoyment. Finally if you decide to take a break from some of the incredible fine dining that is all around you then pick up something nice to cook out on our rooftop grill!

We hope you enjoy your stay with us and choose to visit time and time again.

Here is a list of top Nashville attractions and their approximate Uber/Drive time:

2-5 Mins:
Edgehill - Lots of Bars and Restaurants.
12th South District - Lots of Bars, Restaurants and Boutiques.
Hillsboro Village - Lots of Bars, Restaurants, Shops, Breweries, Theater etc.
The Gulch - Lots of Bars, Restaurants, Shops etc.
Belmont & Vanderbilt University Campus’
The Fairgrounds Super Speed Way
The new Nashville SC Soccer Stadium

5-10 Mins:
Broadway (Honky Tonk Central)
Top Golf
Nissan Stadium (Home of The Tennessee Titans - come visit us at our tailgate if you are in town for an NFL game)
Centennial Park - Parthenon
Bridgestone Arena (Home of The Nashville predators)
The Ascend Amphitheater (Outdoor Events Arena by The River)
The Ryman Auditorium
Vanderbilt Stadium

10-15 Mins:
First Tennessee Park (Home of The Nashville Sounds Baseball Team)
Nashville Airport (BNA)

20-25 Mins:
The Gaylord Opryland Hotel & The Grand Ole Opry
Old Hickory Lake - Various Marinas
Percy Priest Lake - Various Marinas

There are also many great places you can walk to from this location.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonny
Host User ID: 24007959
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24007959
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
British immigrant!
Realtor in Nashville since 2005.
Love Sports, Outdoors, Family & Friends
Christian
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5855 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting