URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/613191694991017764
Latitude: 36.1866
Longitude: -86.8147
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 9
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
🎶 Experience the charm of Nashville in this chic and cozy townhouse just 10 minutes from Broadway! Perfectly located near top music venues, trendy restaurants, and local hotspots, this stylish stay features modern decor, comfy beds , a fully stocked kitchen, smart TVs, and a peaceful private backyard 🌿. Whether you're here for the music, food, or fun, this home has it all. Book your Nashville getaway now and live like a local! ✨

The space
🎶 This spacious Nashville townhouse is perfect for groups! The main floor is ideal for gathering and entertaining, while 9 total beds across the first and third floors let everyone spread out and relax. The garage is a game-lover’s dream—enjoy a mounted TV, ping pong, arcade game, and shuffleboard. Just minutes from Broadway, this is your home base for fun, comfort, and unforgettable memories. 🎸 Book now and make your Music City trip epic! 🌟

📌 Only 10 min from Broadway and 15 min from the airport! 

⭐️ Ping Pong Table
⭐️ Shuffleboard Table
⭐️ Arcade Games
⭐️ High-Speed Internet
⭐️ Super comfy memory foam mattresses
⭐️ Hotel quality linens
⭐️ Board games and card games for families and adults
⭐️ Fully Stocked kitchen
⭐️ Washer/Dryer
⭐️ Smart HDTV’s in living room and bedrooms

⭐️⭐️⭐️ MUST KNOWS ⭐️⭐️⭐️

⭐️ Aesthetic and photo-worthy interior design
⭐️ Smart lock self check-in for secure, keyless access
⭐️ Premium location
⭐️ Full-stacked modern kitchen
⭐️ Towels and linens provided
⭐️ Washer/Dryer
⭐️ Iron & ironing board
⭐️ Bath tub
⭐️ Smart TVs
⭐️ Strong and reliable WIFI 

❣️ This property comes with all the essential amenities, including:
⭐️ Bath towels
⭐️ Pool towels
⭐️ Toilet paper
⭐️ Paper towels
⭐️ Shampoo
⭐️ Conditioner
⭐️ Body wash
⭐️ Soap
⭐️ Laundry Detergent
⭐️ Trash bags
⭐️ Dishwasher soap

Guest access
🎶 Enjoy complete privacy with the entire townhouse all to yourselves! Enter easily either through the garage—packed with games and a mounted TV —or the welcoming front door. Whether you're here to relax or play, this spacious home offers comfort and fun for everyone. Just minutes from Nashville’s hottest spots, it’s the perfect place to make lasting memories. 🎸 Book now and claim your Music City escape! 🌟

Other things to note
‼️ Amenity Availability ‼️
We strive to keep all amenities in perfect working condition. However, sometimes unforeseen issues may arise. While we will do our best to resolve any concerns promptly, we cannot guarantee the availability of all amenities during your stay. Please note that no refunds will be provided in these instances.

‼️ SUPPLIES  ‼️
Our spaces come fully stocked with the comforts of home, including toiletries, fresh towels, coffee, and essential kitchen items. We also provide a limited number of dishwasher and laundry pods to help you get started. 
While these supplies are meant as a starter set and may not last for the entire duration of your stay, we’re always here to help. If you run out, feel free to reach out—we can guide you to nearby stores or delivery options.

‼️CCTV | SMOKE & NOISE DETECTOR‼️
📷To help keep our guests and property safe, we’ve installed a security camera on the outside the garage and front door of the unit. This camera is outdoor-only and do not record any interior spaces. Your privacy is fully respected inside the home.
📌The house is equipped with a smoke detector and carbon monoxide detector for your safety.
📌This property is equipped with a noise monitoring device that tracks noise levels (without recording sounds) and alerts the host or host’s agents if the noise exceeds acceptable levels.
📌For any assistance or questions during your stay, please use the Airbnb messaging system.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Matt
Host User ID: 38613171
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/38613171
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a perpetually happy Midwesterner who was born and raised in Wisconsin and now live on the west coast.  I love meeting people from all over the world and hearing their stories so please don't be shy!
Speaks English
Lives in San Diego, California
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
6 years hosting
1186 reviews
4.75 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting