URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1742972625587253681
Latitude: 36.208
Longitude: -86.7905
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Welcome to your Nashville Rooftop Oasis — a stylish, multi-level home just 4 miles (≈10 minutes) from Downtown Nashville, featuring stunning rooftop views of the city skyline. Perfect for group getaways, this home blends comfort, entertainment, and unbeatable location.

The space
This spacious Nashville home is designed for large families, friend groups, celebrations, and weekend getaways. With four bedrooms, four full bathrooms, and accommodations for up to 16 guests, everyone can enjoy both shared gathering spaces and room to spread out.
The main living area features comfortable seating, a wall-mounted television, a fireplace, and Nashville-inspired décor. The full kitchen provides everything needed for preparing breakfast, snacks, drinks, or meals for the group.
A separate game room includes a pool table, arcade game, projector screen, popcorn setup, and additional entertainment space.
The private rooftop is the highlight of the home and includes a hot tub, BBQ grill, outdoor dining area, lounge seating, fire table, umbrella seating, putting area, turf, and string lights. Free on-site driveway parking is also provided.

Guest access
Guests will have private access to the entire home 🔑 including:

All 4 bedrooms 🛏️
All 4 full bathrooms 🚿
Living room 🛋️
Fully equipped kitchen 🍳
Balcony 🌿
Laundry area 🧺
Garage game room 🎮
Private rooftop with hot tub ♨️, BBQ 🍖, mini golf ⛳, dining area 🍽️, and lounge seating 🛋️
Driveway parking 🚗

Other things to note
The house is just 4 miles/ 10 minutes drive from Downtown Nashville. 

This home is a great fit for large groups, family stays, celebrations, and Nashville weekends 🎶. The rooftop is one of the biggest booking features in this part of town, so it should be treated as the hero of the listing in both the title and the first few photos. Nearby Nashville neighborhood guides and local-area positioning strongly support marketing this home around easy access to Downtown, East Nashville, and Germantown.

I would avoid mentioning an outdoor fireplace 🔥 in the listing unless you want to confirm that it is definitely present and operational.

Nearby attractions 📍

Guests staying here can easily enjoy some of Nashville’s best-known areas and entertainment spots, especially Downtown Nashville, Lower Broadway, East Nashville, and Germantown. Visit Music City highlights East Nashville for innovative restaurants, dive bars, cocktails, live music, art, and vintage shopping, while Germantown is known for walkability, brunch, bars, acclaimed restaurants, and museums.

Downtown Nashville & Lower Broadway 🎶 – live music, bars, and classic Nashville energy
East Nashville 🍸 – creative food, cocktails, shops, and local character
Germantown 🍽️ – brunch, restaurants, bars, and a charming walkable feel
Ryman Auditorium 🎤 – one of Nashville’s most iconic music venues
Nissan Stadium 🏟️ – major concerts, events, and sports nearby
Nearby restaurants 🍽️

For nearby dining, I’d recommend highlighting places that are real local anchors in East Nashville and the surrounding area rather than generic tourist spots. The Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden is an established local favorite in East Nashville, with its McFerrin Avenue location listed at 731 McFerrin Avenue, Nashville, TN 37206.

The Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden 🍔🍺 – burgers, wursts, and beer garden vibes in East Nashville
Redheaded Stranger 🌮 – a popular East Nashville taco stop often mentioned in the local Lucy-area competitive set
Butcher & Bee 🥗 – stylish East Nashville dining with shareable plates
Five Points Pizza 🍕 – a go-to for pizza night
Monell’s 🍗 – classic Southern comfort food in the Nashville area.

STR-Permit-2026000965

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kathleen
Host User ID: 686472847
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/686472847
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I’m Kathleen! I’m an entrepreneur, interior design lover, and short-term rental host passionate about creating beautiful, welcoming spaces. I’ve lived all over the Birmingham area for 20 years and love sharing local favorites. When I’m not styling rentals or hosting guests, you’ll find me and my husband working out or playing video games. I believe every stay should feel like home—only better!
Where I went to school: University of Alabama at Birmingham
My work: Host & House Wife
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
4543 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting