URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1652933833403775145
Latitude: 36.27361299338034
Longitude: -86.55531670214341
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Luxury Lake Front Home located on Old Hickory Lake just 25 minutes from Nashville, TN. 
This is a One-of-a-Kind British Colonial Architecture
designed with a Spanish - Mediterranean Influence. 3,000 Sq. ft. Indoor Living Space, Sleeps 12 People.  This home has 4 Bedrooms, 1 Down, 3 Up, 7 Beds, 1 Sofa Sleeper, 1 Air Mattress, 2 Large Bath Rooms, and 1 Half Bath, Family Room, Dining Room, Piano Room Honky Tonkin Lounge, Bedroom Downstairs just Remodeled with 2 New Twin beds

The space
Dear Guests, 

Welcome to our Lake Home located on Old Hickory Lake in the World Famous 2 Foot Cove just 25 minutes from downtown Nashville, TN.

We have been a Host on other platforms since 2018
with over 191 Reviews. We are just New on Air B N B. 

We have a  Special for the month of September & October- Book 5 Nights and receive a 10 % Discount. Offer starts with all reservations made after September 7, 2026. 

Looking for the perfect place to gather? We proudly Welcome corporate retreats, team-building events, Bachelor and Bachelorette celebrations, Birthdays, Anniversaries, family reunions, Wedding-related gatherings, men's and women's retreats, and other special occasions. With spacious accommodations, stunning lake views, and exceptional outdoor amenities, our property is designed to create memorable experiences for groups of all kinds.

This a One of a Kind Mediterranean Home with   4-bedroom, 2.5 Bathroom home is located in a quiet residential neighborhood directly on the lake. Our home is perfect for families or groups looking for a comfortable place to relax while still being close to Nashville’s dining, music, and entertainment.  

Please review the house rules below and the full listing details before booking. If you have any questions before booking, feel free to reach out. We hope to host you soon!

There 3,000 sq. ft. of living space and 4,000 sq. ft. of outdoor living space and there are 4 bedrooms and sleeps 12 people comfortably. You can expect 8 beds and a sleepover sofa, 2 large bathrooms, and 1 half bath. Family Room, Dining Room, and a Piano Room & Lounge.  There is hardwood flooring throughout the entire home and two water fountain features on the property.   Please see our HD Drone Video. 

The Tiki Hut is Awesome and comes with a full outdoor kitchen, refrigerator, sink, with a black stone grill, and 2 BBQ smokers and a private beach area. 

We have 1 canoe, 1 paddle board, 2 10 ft. lily pads, and 2 kayaks with paddles and life vests. 

House Rules + Guest Expectations: 
◦ Quiet times are 10:30pm - 8am. Please be respectful of neighbors! 
◦ Smoking is not permitted inside the property 
◦ No weapons or fireworks 
◦ No candles 
◦ There is no street parking. However, there is parking in the property driveway.
Located on Old Hickory Lake in the World Famous 2 Foot Cove. 

We do allow 2 Night Reservations during the week Sunday - Tuesday or Monday - Wednesday.  Or any other openings during the week in our calendar. 
All Weekends we ask a 4 Night min.  reservation. 
All Holiday Weekends we ask a 5 Night min. reservation 

Our home offers a true lakefront getaway where guests can relax, enjoy the water, and experience the beauty of Middle Tennessee. As with any waterfront property, seasonal weather, insects, pollen, wildlife, water levels, and other natural outdoor conditions may vary and are beyond our control.

We take great pride in providing a clean, comfortable, and memorable stay. If you have any questions or concerns during your visit, please contact us right away. Our goal is to provide exceptional hospitality and help create a five-star vacation experience for every guest. 

WE HOPE THAT YOU ENJOY YOUR STAY!!!

Your Host, 

Mark & Jen

Guest access
We will email you the code to the front door the day of your arrival.

Other things to note
Dear Guests, 

Welcome to our Lake Home. This spacious 4-bedroom, 2.5 Bathroom home is located in a quiet residential neighborhood in Mt. Juliet, about 25 minutes from downtown Nashville. Our home is perfect for families or groups looking for a comfortable place to relax while still being close to Nashville’s dining, music, and entertainment. Please review the house rules below and the full listing details before booking. If you have any questions before booking, feel free to reach out. We hope to host you soon!

There 3,000 sq. ft. of living space and 4,000 sq. ft. of outdoor living space and there are 4 bedrooms and sleeps 12 people comfortably. You can expect 8 beds and a sleepover sofa, 2 large bathrooms, and 1 half bath. Family Room, Dining Room, and a Piano Room & Lounge.  There is hardwood flooring throughout the entire home.   

Tiki Hut with a full outdoor kitchen, refrigerator, sink, with a black stone grill, and 2 smokers. 

We have 1 canoe, 1 paddle board, 2 10 ft. lily pads, and 2 kayaks with paddles and life vests. 

House Rules + Guest Expectations: 
◦ Quiet times are 10:30pm - 8am. Please be respectful of neighbors! 
◦ Smoking is not permitted inside the property 
◦ No weapons or fireworks 
◦ No candles 
◦ There is no street parking. However, there is parking in the property driveway. 

We do have 180 - 5 Star Reviews on other platforms.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mark
Host User ID: 369406368
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/369406368
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
6 months hosting