URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1703116857014344672
Latitude: 36.14176
Longitude: -86.76127
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay just 10 minutes from Broadway, Belmont University, and Vanderbilt University in this spacious 3-bedroom, 2.5-bath townhome that comfortably sleeps 8 guests with 4 real beds. Perfect for family vacations, group trips, concerts, and bachelor or bachelorette weekends. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, fast WiFi, Smart TV, in-unit washer & dryer, and FREE on-site parking — a rare perk this close to downtown. Book your perfect Nashville getaway today!

The space
THE SPACE

This isn't your average rental. Thoughtfully designed with locally inspired artwork, a record player, and a guitar, this townhome brings a touch of Nashville charm to your stay the perfect place to relax after exploring Music City.

Sleeps up to 8: 3 spacious bedrooms, 4 comfortable beds, 2.5 bathrooms. Everyone gets a real bed, making it ideal for families, friends, and group getaways.

Fully equipped kitchen: Prepare breakfast before heading downtown or enjoy a cozy dinner at home. Includes a drip coffee maker to start your mornings right.

In-unit washer and dryer: Pack light and enjoy the convenience of laundry during your stay.

Fast WiFi and smart TV: Stay connected, stream your favorite shows, or work remotely with ease.

Free on-site parking: Enjoy free parking in the community plus additional street parking a rare perk this close to downtown Nashville.

PRIME NASHVILLE LOCATION

Just 10 minutes from Nashville's top attractions: Broadway and the honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena and Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame, Hattie B's Hot Chicken and Five Points Pizza, Centennial Park and Radnor Lake, and Nashville International Airport (BNA).

Close enough to enjoy all the excitement, yet tucked away for a comfortable night's sleep.

WHY GUESTS LOVE STAYING WITH US

Hosted by Nashville Nooks, a local boutique team dedicated to providing exceptional stays. We're here to help with recommendations, questions, or anything you need before and during your visit.

GOOD TO KNOW

Self check-in after 4 PM with a smart lock. No pets allowed service animals are welcome in accordance with Airbnb's accessibility policy. Free on-site parking. Quiet hours begin at 9 PM. Perfect for families and groups, but no parties or events. Exterior security cameras are installed for guest safety (none inside the home). Located on a lively side street, so occasional road noise may be heard. We have several similar units in the community, so décor and furnishings may vary slightly from the photos.

Book your Nashville getaway today and experience the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and location!

Guest access
Guest access
Guest Access:You'll have the ENTIRE townhome to yourselves all 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, full kitchen, living spaces, and in-unit laundry. No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group.

SELF CHECK-IN: Self check-in: your digital door code is sent by text/email 3 hours before check-in  just enter it on the smart lock keypad. A backup lockbox with a spare key is also on-site for emergencies. Message us anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking in the community lot (first-come, first-served) plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee maker everything in the home is yours to use from check-in to checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just a message away we typically respond within the hour if you need anything during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting