URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/13089340
Latitude: 36.2684
Longitude: -86.5511
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 5
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Unwind at our serene lakeside haven, a quick 30-minute drive from vibrant Downtown Nashville. This freshly renovated home boasts five elegantly furnished bedrooms, a tranquil screened porch, and a charming firepit for cozy evenings. Tucked away in a quiet neighborhood, it’s just steps from the bustling Two-Foot Cove sand bar, a boater’s paradise in the summer. Revel in breathtaking lake vistas, spot local wildlife, and dive into boundless water adventures. Ideal for unforgettable family escape

The space
SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS
Room 1 ....... 1 Queen Bed (Sleeps 2)
Room 2 ....... 1 Queen Beds (Sleeps 2
Room 3 ....... 2 Twin Beds and Crib (Sleeps -2 and 1 infant - Attached to room 2)
Room 4 ....... 1 King bed (Sleeps 2)
Room 5 ....... 2 Full Beds (Sleeps 4)

Beds ......... 7 Total (and a crib)

Nestled on the shores of Old Hickory Lake, this retreat promises relaxation and adventure in equal measure. The standout feature? A sprawling screened porch at the back of the house, perfect for soaking in stunning lake views after a day exploring Nashville or splashing around on the water. It’s where families and friends gather, sipping cool drinks on warm summer days, spotting wildlife in a quiet cove just moments from the lively Two-Foot Cove hotspot.
Nearby, Cedar Creek Marina offers a ship store, boat rentals, a launch ramp, and Fishtales Grill with live music from Thursday to Saturday—check their website for easy online boat bookings. The Cedar Creek Recreation Area beckons with a sandy swim beach, picnic tables, a sand volleyball court, and a boat ramp ($5 to park, $2 to walk in). Shutes Branch Recreation Area adds more picnic spots, swimming areas, a boat launch, a fishing platform, and a biking trail that ramps up in challenge—pets are welcome too. A quick 15-minute drive takes you to Blue Turtle Bay Marina, complete with pontoon rentals and Sam’s Sports Grill.
Rainy days? The attached garage has been transformed into an entertainment hub, featuring a pool table, cornhole, ladder ball, and a stash of water toys and floats for lake fun. Just off the porch, a firepit area invites you to unwind by the flames with a lakeside backdrop.
Inside, enjoy a 65-inch main TV and 42-inch smart TVs in all main bedrooms, hooked up to local cable and Netflix (log into your own services via Apple AirPlay 2). Kids and adults alike will love the collection of books, board games, and toys.
The newly renovated kitchen shines with granite countertops and an open layout, keeping you connected to the fun. It’s equipped with a coffee maker, crockpot, blender, and a stocked cabinet of essentials like salt, pepper, oil, and spices. Whip up waffles in the morning or mix cocktails at the dedicated bar area for late-night laughs. The dining table is ready for memorable group meals.
Thoughtful Touches:
Remote workers will appreciate a desk paired with a premium Steelcase office chair, offering lake or street views through sliding glass or front windows.

A 40 Amp J1772 Level 2 EV charger in the garage works with most electric vehicles, including Teslas (adapter included).

Bathrooms come stocked with towels, makeup towels, a “forget-something” basket, extra blankets, crib sheets, shampoo, conditioner, and body wash.

This lakeside gem is your ticket to a perfect getaway!

Next to the screened porch is the fire pit area for relaxing evenings by the fireside while taking in the lake view. 

The house has  a 65 inch main TV, and 42 inch smart TV’s in all main bedrooms. They are attached to local cable as well has access to subscriptions services to Netflix. You are welcome to log into your own services as well via Apple Airplay 2 on all TV's at house. 

Lots of books, board games, and toys for kids. 

Kitchen and Dining
This home features a newly renovated kitchen with granite countertops and an open feel. You can spend time in the kitchen without being like you are missing out on family time. Included in the kitchen is a coffee maker, crockpot, blender. Forget something- we have a stocked cabinet full of some little extras such as salt, pepper, oil, and spices.  Spend time making waffles in the morning while sipping of some freshly brewed coffee. Also included is a cocktail area for the late night entertainment. You can all gather around the dining room table for an evening meal. 

Added extras

For remote work, the house features a desk and a Steelcase high-end office chair that allows you to work in comfort while being able to look out sliding glass windows to lake or through front windows to the neighborhood street. 

40 Amp J1772 level 2 EV connector available in garage for charging Electric vehicle charging. Compatible with most EV including Tesla (with J1772 that comes with all Tesla's). 

Towels, makeup towels, forget-something basket, extra blankets, sheets for crib, shampoos, conditioner, and body wash are included in both bathrooms.

Guest access
You will have access to the entire house and grounds except for the detached garage. 

The Living room features a Ultra high definition (4K) 65 inch  Smart TV. 
Gather at the dining room table, relax on the screened porch, or sip cocktails  while watching the kids play in backyard. 

Kids of all ages will enjoy exploring the backyard. Recommend supervision for children while near lake.

Other things to note
Detached garage not included in rental.

For Boaters: The cove bottom is  a soft mud and very shallow in areas.  Pontoon, Bass, and small ski boats can access  Old Hickory Lake and the Cumberland river from the cove.

For Swimmers:  Swimming directly off shore is not recommended.  The bottom is a deep mud bottom.    Cedar Creek Campground is nearby, and it has a sand beach for swimming also.  Swimming from a boat is fine also.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Bryan
Host User ID: 21525069
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/21525069
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Enjoy spending time with family and traveling.  Always love a challenge and meeting new people. Hope you enjoy the lake house. It has always been one of my dreams to have a place on the lake, and I love sharing it with guest.
Born in the 80s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
213 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting