URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1442213145617442567
Latitude: 36.1466
Longitude: -86.8168
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Rodeo Roundup by AvantStay!

- Located in Nashville’s vibrant West End
- 2BR, 2BA w/ king suite + full-over-full bunks
- Balcony w/ skyline views & outdoor seating
- Stylish Western décor & country music wall of fame
- Fully equipped kitchen w/ island & dining nook
- Minutes to Broadway, The Parthenon, & nightlife
- Smart TVs, desks, and modern amenities throughout

The space
Welcome to Rodeo Roundup by AvantStay—your western-inspired launchpad in the heart of Music City.

Step into a Nashville stay that blends cowboy flair with sleek, modern comfort—just minutes from Centennial Park, Vanderbilt University, and the legendary nightlife of Broadway. Perfectly positioned in the vibrant West End, this stylish escape offers easy access to live music venues, acclaimed restaurants, and iconic attractions like The Parthenon.

Inside, Rodeo Roundup tells its own story. Kick back on the plush mustard sectional in the living room, perfect for lounging in front of the screen or soaking up the skyline on your private balcony with seating for three. A wall of fame pays homage to country music legends, adding a touch of stardust to your stay.

The fully equipped kitchen features stainless steel appliances, a large island with seating for four, and a green-accent dining nook ideal for breakfast or late-night bites. With thoughtful design and plenty of counter space, it’s a breeze to entertain or fuel up before hitting the town.

The primary suite offers a king bed, smart TV, work desk, spacious closet, and an ensuite bathroom with a walk-in shower. The second bedroom features a full-over-full bunk bed, another TV, and its own workspace. A shared bathroom with a tub/shower combo makes group stays seamless.

Whether you're chasing music history, planning a girls’ getaway, or on your own Nashville odyssey, this AvantStay retreat is the perfect basecamp for your next adventure.

Experience Nashville, Avantstay style.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- This property has access to a gym located on the first floor by the pool entrance.

Parking Details:
- Please park only in designated property areas—there’s a garage behind the building with first floor access from Avoca Street and second floor access from the next alley on Avoca (note: no elevator from the second floor); parking is allowed in any unnumbered spot, with 37 spaces on the first floor (including 5 handicap spots) and the entire second floor open, plus street parking is available nearby—thank you for being respectful of neighbors and the neighborhood.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2023066288

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6903 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting