URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/557768693966554620
Latitude: 36.31582
Longitude: -86.72765
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Goodlettsville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Visit Music City Great Southern hospitality, plenty of music variety, you’d be surprised, tons of Country Music. 
download the app
Visit Music City
current with local things around town. 
The apt. is all remodeled, a large sectioned sofa with new 55 inch TV, Roku, Netflix and Amazon Prime.
wi-fi. 
Evanhughes91
Imisseva2
2 Br, both beds are Queen. 1 full bath a walk-in closet. Full Kitchen, DR, and GR. You’ll feel right at home. 15 min. to downtown. Private entrance. Park at your door.

The space
A totally remodeled space. 2 private Brs w/queen beds. Large Gr Rm w/TV, for late TV or catch the weather in AM. A walk-in closet to hang if ya like, cute bath all brand new, located in a basement apartment with privacy.   Closet has a storage area, for toiletries and extra sheets.  There are extra blankets in cabinet in DR. Lounge on a Down filled sectional, with fuzzy throws, lots of pillows, also a desk if you must do some work from your computer. Kitchen ready for cooking, if you must! All you need is there.

Guest access
Pull down driveway on the right side of the st, and after the house turn left to park in front of your french doorway.  After dark there are solar lights at drive. You will have a code for the lockbox and I will disclose the combo prior to your arrival.

Other things to note
I personally live upstairs and is totally locked off for privacy.  There are extra blankets and linens if needed. I will send any instructions you may prior to your arrival.  I’ll send my contact info if you have any questions, or in the event of an emergency. No matter the time.  I’ve been called from 1:00 AM to 3:00 AM several times.  I encourage it.  If you need help, too warm or too cold or just lost in Nashville, Well I’m off to your rescue. I’m sincere when I say that! Linda

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Linda
Host User ID: 6959380
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6959380
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
A Local Nashville girl, born and raised.  I’m a Realtor and have been selling homes in and around the Nashville area for 40 years, yes I was 5 when I started selling, and my oldest son is 45.  Not sure if the numbers add up but ya get the picture.  

I have a Southern accent, I'm an honest, trustworthy person that will do my best to enhance your Nashville experience.  I come from a family, being the oldest of 6 kids.  Oh yeah, I didn't read the directions as to what I needed to tell ya about me.  5 things, I can't live without.....besides children, of course, goes without saying....lets see, 

1.   My Faith, it has held me up at times I couldn’t do it alone, I know he has me. 
2.  My  best girlfriends that are more like sisters, 
3.  food (it's hard to look like a Barbie doll with southern cooking), 
4. talking with my hands and being animated, I just can't help myself, 
5.  Chocolate, yeah I know that is supposed to be in the food category, but I think it is a separate entity all in itself.  
6. Now, after a few seconds of thought, I have a favorite blanket that is very soft and near and dear to my heart.   There are many things important in my life, but it said keep it to 5, and a girl that can’t follow a recipe, well I had to go for 6, so there ya go. Oh yeah,  Did I mention I'm chatty?  But also respect your privacy. 

I have been a single Mom of 3 boys for years.  So now, that all the kids are gone what does a girl do with herself when she has lived her life taking care of other people.  It must be my turn, to have fun, that being said, I'm trying to acquire some hobbies, I'm working on it.  I love the Nashville downtown scene, so with a little nudge maybe I can direct you to the places that I think are fun.  Great places to eat, fun places to go.  There is more to Nashville than just country music.  Variety for sure. 

 Welcome to Nashville, ya'll.....yes, we do say ya'll.  the thing about the southern language, before your visit, so you can practice.  We pronounce long words as short as possible, and short words as long as possible. Plus we also incorporate 2, 3 or if yur real good, you can put 4 words into one.....maybe in the manual I can put some translations in there for ya.  But most of all enjoy Nashville!

I am a licensed Realtor State of TN
Linda Hughes
Benchmark Realty, Hendersonville, TN (PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN)
For full disclosure.
Born in the 50s
My work: Realtor
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
166 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting