URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1341578773501306210
Latitude: 36.1538
Longitude: -86.7753
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Perfectly located in the heart of downtown Nashville, this modern suite is within walking distance to the legendary Honky Tonk Highway. Walk to Broadway, catch live music, grab a drink, and soak in the city's energy with a stylish home-away-from-home welcoming you.

The space
Prime Location:
- Walk to it all: Explore legendary bars, honky tonks, and live music venues on Broadway - just a short walk away.
- Driving to Nashville? One FREE reserved parking in our garage! We got you covered.
- Discover iconic landmarks: The Ryman auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame, Johnny Cash Museum - all easily accessible on foot.
- Stay near the action: Conveniently located near the Music City Center, Bridgestone Arena, Nissan Stadium, The Gulch, Music Row, and more.

Honky Tonk Hideaway, Unforgettable Stay:

This stylish & versatile space is perfect for groups. Enjoy a  plush king bed and a comfy king sofa bed with the alternative option of two twin sleepers. 

Your home-away-from-home awaits. Enjoy the convenience of a fully stocked kitchen with all the amenities you need to cook and dine in. Pack light and take advantage of the in-unit washer/dryer! 

Entertainment for everyone: The cozy living space boasts a 65-inch 4K Ultra HD Smart TV and a spacious, deep-seated sofa. You'll also enjoy the 50-inch UHD Smart TV in the bedroom from the comfort of the luxurious king-size bed. High-speed Wi-Fi ensures smooth streaming. 

The spacious dining area, anchored by a solid wood table, is perfect for lively game nights with the variety of games provided. Or simply enjoy a meal and make Music City memories. Turn up the tunes on the Bluetooth speaker and soak in the vibe of the vibrant neon lighting.

Indulge your senses during your stay. We've provided premium body care products and a luxurious rain shower. Enjoy complimentary coffee, K-cups, creamers, and Torani syrup. Help yourself to a variety of snacks and refreshments. 

Relax and recharge as you marvel at the downtown Nashville skyline from every room in this unique and stylish suite. Book your Nashville adventure today and experience the magic of Music City!

Guest access
Experience Resort-Style Living

As a guest, you'll have full access to the building's incredible amenities, including a stunning pool and sundeck, a state-of-the-art gym, and breathtaking rooftop fire pits. 

Relax and unwind with an array of amenities:
Secure building access
Garage parking (Complimentary 1 reserved spot)
Yoga studio
Co-working spaces
Entertainment lounge
Grilling stations
Rooftop fire pits
Inviting indoor fireplace
Game room with pool table
Gathering and networking spaces
Indoor and outdoor entertaining areas
Sun deck
Complimentary coffee station
Wi-Fi in common areas
24-hour on-site building management

Parking Information: For your convenience, we offer complimentary reserved parking. Your designated parking space details will be included in your check-in instructions before arrival. Please note that parking is managed and strictly monitored by the parking authorities.

Addition details:
Self check-in allows for flexible arrival times: Your key fobs will be waiting for you at the Keycafe kiosk located in the lobby. Further details will be provided upon booking.

Other things to note
If you have a larger group and require additional space, please feel free to inquire about our other units using the links below:

airbnb.com/h/girlygetawaygalore

airbnb.com/h/honkytonkhavennashville

airbnb.com/h/themusiccitysuite

Registration Details
T2022050448

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jana
Host User ID: 185127881
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/185127881
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi there! I'm an avid adventurer who loves exploring the world, whether it's on my Triumph Tiger, paddling through serene waters, or hiking breathtaking trails. I'm passionate about spending time with my family and enjoy whipping up delicious meals in my free time. (Don't judge me, but I also have a weakness for a good shopping spree!) I'm excited to share my love for Nashville with you and ensure you have a truly memorable stay.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Purdue University Global
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
198 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting