URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/29884582
Latitude: 36.16234
Longitude: -86.78249
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Polk 404! Sleeps 2 in King bed and 2 in fold out couch queen bed. Parking pass gives free parking for 1 vehicle in nearby parking facility. High speed WiFi included. Elevator or stairs to fourth floor. Please read complete listing for all the details. Reach out with any questions.

The space
Go out and enjoy all the walk-able sights or stay in-play a game of shuffleboard, read a book, or sip on a cup of coffee.  Our goal is your utmost comfort and enjoyment while visiting the Athens of the South (aka Music City).  We are complimented for comfortable beds, customer service and cleanliness (read our reviews!)
Our place has furnishings which reflect where it is located.
  
Living:  You will find a record console player which doubles as a TV stand and bookshelf, along with plenty of pillows and throws to keep sitting comfortable on the sofa chair and sleeper sofa.  Artwork in the living room feature the Tennessee Centennial Exposition of 1896. The cocktail table rolls away to make space for the foldout bed.  A large Smart TV is provided with high speed internet and wifi so that can enjoy all your favorite shows on your Netflix, Amazon Prime, YouTube and Hulu accounts.  Shuffleboard game provides entertainment for adults and kids alike.

Eating:  The bar seats 4 with adjustable padded bar stools.  A Keurig coffee maker is provided along with coffee and fixings.  A full assortment of glassware, mugs, plates, and silverware are provided.  The appliance suite includes a refrigerator with ice, dishwasher, microwave and range.  Paper towels and dish soap is provided.

Sleeping: The bedroom is the highlight of our place.  We provide a King pillowtop mattress covered with soft and white bedding, an alt down comforter and 4 fluffy pillows.  Each side of the bed is lit with a Tiffany style lamp for nighttime reading.  We put a memory foam rug on each side of the bed so your feet come down soft first thing in the morning.  The art deco style dresser is just gorgeous and has a wide mirror for getting ready for your night out.  Wide drawers are stacked underneath for clothing storage.  The closet has plenty of room to hang clothes on the provided clothes hangers.

Lavishing:  The bathroom has a soaking tub and shower with a well kept liner, shower curtain and curved shower rod for more space.  We provide you with shampoo and soap to lather up.  You will enjoy a soft white towel to dry off with.   At the sink is a large mirror and we provide single use wipes for removing makeup after your night on the town.

Location: we are located in downtown Nashville and in city limits.  The famous honky tonks on Broadway, Ryman auditorium, Bridgestone Arena, Nashville Yards, Nissan Stadium and Music City Center are all within walking distance.

Guest access
You will have access to the entire unit with the exception of the utility closet.

Other things to note
Elevator Use
This historic building has a single elevator. There is also a small interior stair case. My unit is on the 4th floor. I  cannot guarantee use of the elevator as it is run by the HOA and may go down for maintenance or repair.

Parking Access
I provide a parking pass free to you for one vehicle in a nearby venue controlled by an outside vendor. As of August 5, 2026, it gives you access to a parking garage located one block over (as shown in pics) for the duration of your stay. As I cannot control parking vendor changes, I reserve the right to change parking location to another garage or lot nearby.  Please confirm my current parking situation if parking in a garage vs surface lot is important to you. The street parking is metered and may need to be used to drop your luggage and obtain parking pass from condo. 

Security
There are security cameras on each floor in the lobby areas, outside the building and in the basement. The building is accessed using a security code (given before stay). The building is modernized with fire alarms and sprinklers. The fire escape is accessed from inside the unit.

Noise Expectations
The 4th floor has 4 units and an interior stairwell where noise may originate. There is a unit above and below my unit. There are large windows in the sleeping area where noise may come from outside. While the street is generally quite, there is garbage pick up a few times a week in the alley. The A/C unit is located in a utility room by the bedroom and can make some extra noise on start up. The fire escape door is located in a small hallway adjacent to the bedroom. While noise is typically minimal, I do provide noise machines for light sleepers.

Registration Details
2018067923

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Davina
Host User ID: 44039875
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/44039875
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I came to Nashville long ago by way of Kansas City (KCMO) but originally from Alabama. I also had a two year stint in New York. I love Nashville city life and enjoy the convenience of being close to so many event venues and restaurants but still walking distance to a beautiful state park and greenway.  I like to furnish places and host.  Determined writer and aspiring morning person. I speak English and Pig Latin. I took Spanish for 7 years. Owner/Agent
Born in the 80s
My work: Realtor/Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
580 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting