URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1653838618231992495
Latitude: 36.2085
Longitude: -86.7851
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 9
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
NEW LISTING ALERT! Luxury 4 bedroom 4.5 bathroom brand new home in Nashville is the perfect place for your groups trip. Private hot tub along with a community pool is a great way to relax while you get ready for a night out on the town!

The space
Step into a next-level luxury experience—this stunning, brand-new 4-bedroom, 4.5-bath designer home was built to impress and made for unforgettable stays.

From the moment you arrive, you’re greeted with sleek architecture, high-end finishes, and a wide-open layout that feels both elevated and inviting. The main living space is straight out of a magazine—featuring designer furnishings, soaring ceilings, and an effortless flow into a fully loaded chef’s kitchen with premium appliances, modern cabinetry, and everything you need to host in style.

Each of the four spacious bedrooms is its own private sanctuary, complete with luxe bedding, curated décor, and spa-like en-suite bathrooms—giving every guest the comfort of a five-star hotel with the privacy of home. The additional half bath adds convenience for entertaining.

But the real showstopper? Your private rooftop oasis.
Unwind in the hot tub under the stars, fire up the grill for a rooftop dinner, or kick back in the lounge area with a drink while taking in the views. This is the kind of space people book for—and never forget.

When you’re ready to switch it up, enjoy access to the resort-style community pool—perfect for soaking up the sun and keeping the vacation vibe going.

**Please Note: This beautiful home is part of a brand-new community that's still being completed. You'll be among the first to enjoy the Horizon pool, colorful mural, and the vibrant energy of the neighborhood. As some construction may still be in progress, we kindly ask for your patience with the possibility of light noise during your stay. Thank you for being part of this exciting new chapter!

Highlights include:
• Private rooftop with hot tub + grill
• 4 bedrooms, all with en-suite bathrooms
• Designer interiors & high-end finishes
• Fully equipped chef’s kitchen
• Fast WiFi + Smart TVs throughout
• Washer & dryer for extended stays
• Access to community pool

Whether you’re planning a luxury getaway, group trip, or special celebration, this home delivers a high-end experience from start to finish.

This isn’t just a place to stay—it’s where the trip becomes the memory.

Pool access is available from May to September. Please note that the pool is not heated.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

Guest access
Entire home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting