URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/958861774124092830
Latitude: 36.1515
Longitude: -86.7782
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Gibson — a brand-new, Insta-worthy stay just 0.7 miles from Broadway with everything you need for the perfect Downtown Nashville getaway. Sleeping space for 4, stocked kitchen, laundry in-unit, and more! Enjoy a heated pool with cabanas open seasonally, a modern gym with Peloton bikes, a private balcony overlooking the pool, and so much more!

The space
When you arrive at The Gibson, you will feel the heart of the Music City throughout the unit. Custom built guitar displays, classic records on the wall, & local artist photography all create the perfect Nashville vacation spot. Visit the Honky Tonks on Broadway within a short 15-minute walk, quick Uber ride, or even a scooter. Enjoy sitting on the balcony and sipping a drink while being part of the pool scene. Grab dinner at one of the many great restaurants close-by. With so much to do both at the condo and in close proximity, this is bound to be a trip to remember!

Sleeping Accommodations:
Primary Bedroom: 1 King Bed
Living Room: Queen Sized Sofa Bed

Condo Amenities: 
This condo is fully stocked to make your stay easy, comfortable, and truly feel like home. The kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances, a Keurig coffee maker with complimentary K-cups (starter pack), and everything you need to prepare full meals or quick snacks. The bathroom is outfitted with plush, high-quality linens and complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body wash, along with a hairdryer and iron/ironing board for your convenience. We provide starter supplies including trash bags, dishwasher pods, toilet paper, and toiletries, so you can settle in right away. You’ll also find pool towels, generous closet space, and extra bedding. A private washer and dryer with laundry pods/dryer sheets included makes longer stays effortless and stress-free.

If you are parking a car during your stay, you will have 3 options:
-Owner/Guest Garage - this is a FREE first come, first serve garage that requires the Door app for access. You will receive Door access about 3 days prior to arrival. 
-Street Parking - this is FREE first come, first serve parallel street parking
-Lower-Level Garage - this is a paid public parking garage that has direct elevator access right to your condo floor. Discounted pricing is available for people staying at one of our condos.

Please note:
- This is a condo located in downtown Nashville. As pictured, this development sits near train tracks. We have provided a white noise machine and ear plugs for your convenience. As Nashville continues to grow, nearby construction is common and may be present during your stay. If you are sensitive to noise, this may not be the best location for your stay. Like any urban location, the presence of unhoused individuals may be experienced.
- Arriving ahead of check in time? The Hyve offers complimentary luggage storage! Please check with us for hours.
- All common areas and amenities like the pool, cabanas, gym, workspace lounge, lobby, etc. are managed by the building. We do not have control over the working conditions of equipment, maintenance, or availability.
- The pool will be closed during the winter and reopens March-October seasonally.

Guest Access/Building Amenities: 
Guests will have access to the entire unit, with the exception of the owner’s supply closet. Enjoy the heated outdoor pool with cabanas, which is open from March through October between 7 a.m. and 10 p.m. Additional shared amenities in the courtyard include an outdoor gas grill and kitchen area, a ping pong table located outside by the pool deck, plenty of outdoor seating, and fire pits. Inside, there's a state-of-the-art gym featuring Peloton equipment. Working during your visit? Ample space in the workspace and community lounge,  which features a TV, vending machine, couches, and tables, ideal for casual meetings or remote work. On-site security provides added peace of mind throughout your stay. 

Walkable to all the things!
From this location, you can easily walk to some of Nashville’s most popular spots, including City Winery, Bad Axe Throwing, Third Man Records & The Blue Room, and convenient Party Bus and Pedal Tavern pick-up locations. You’re also steps from Yee-Haw Brewery, Ole Smoky Distillery, and Tennessee Brew Works, as well as major attractions like Music City Center (the convention center), the Country Music Hall of Fame, and Bridgestone Arena. 
 
Both Upper Broadway and Lower Broadway are within walking distance (just .7 miles), giving you quick access to legendary honky-tonks and venues such as Tootsies, The Stage, Hard Rock, Jason Aldean’s, Luke Bryan’s, Kid Rock’s, Morgan Wallen's This Bar, Ole Red, Jelly Roll’s Goodnight Nashville, Luke Comb’s Category 10, Posty’s, and many more. The iconic Ryman Auditorium is also just a short walk away, along with Fifth and Broad featuring Assembly Food Hall and tons of shopping and eateries.
 
Short Uber ride to:
If you want to explore a little farther, you’re only a short Uber ride from Nissan Stadium, the Grand Ole Opry, and Opry Mills Outlet Mall, making it easy to catch a game, see a show, or enjoy some shopping.
 
Ask us about exclusive perks for Hyve guests! When you stay at Hyve, you get access to exclusive discounts on some of Nashville’s best experiences, all right within the building or just steps away. Rotating seasonal offers and new partnerships throughout the year.
 
If you have any questions at all about this property, please reach out to us. We would love the opportunity to host you and share a bit of our city with you!

Presented by Injoy Nashville: Experience Your Stay, Design by Injoy Vacations

Guest access
Door App

Registration Details
2023049849

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: InJoy Vacations
Host User ID: 425884247
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/425884247
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
InJoy Vacations proudly offers a selection of high-quality condo rentals in Panama City Beach, FL & Nashville, TN. We are a locally owned and operated business, and we love to share our community with owners and guests. Our goal is to provide exceptional vacation experiences to visitors, and we’ve perfected our craft. Many of our guests choose to return year after year.
My work: InJoy Vacations
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
4505 reviews
4.73 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting