URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/774786585557163642
Latitude: 36.1647
Longitude: -86.7777
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Located in the heart of Music City, our spacious and modern home is the perfect place to experience all that Nashville has to offer. Experience living only 1/2 block from Printer’s Alley and 2 blocks north of Broadway!  Safe and secure video on exterior with keyless elevator access to the penthouse, which boasts panoramic views of Nissan Stadium and plenty of natural light.

"Do yourself a favor and try this place out. You will be blown away. Probably one of the best deals in Nashville." HC

The space
KEY FEATURES:
☀ 3 spacious bedrooms; 1 king, 2 queens, 2 queen sofa beds
☀ 3 full bathrooms w/ large walk-in showers; triple showerheads and body spray in Master Bath
☀ Full gourmet kitchen w/ modern Thermador appliances + dining at island bar
☀ Full bar with Scott ice maker, side-by-side beverage fridge and wine storage
☀ Cozy den off kitchen w/ smart flat-screen TV and Apple TV
☀ Full-sized dining room, table seats ten (10) with buffet
☀ Living room with seating for eight (8) and 75” smart flat-screen TV with Apple TV
☀ Master Bedroom w/ stunning views of the Cumberland River and Nissan Stadium
☀ High Speed Internet throughout entire space
☀ Perfect location w/ easy access to Printer’s Alley, Broadway + nearby attractions
☀ Convenient street parking and parking lot beside building
☀ In-unit washer + dryer + detergent and fabric softener sheets provided

Here Are A Few Kind Words From Our Past Guests:

“The place was magnificent, in an amazing location. Nothing not to love.  Highly recommend.” – JC

“This Penthouse is in a PRIME location for downtown Nashville . . . House is fully decorated and furnished . . .and huge. Nothing but great things to say”-- SF

☆☆ BEDROOMS + BATHROOMS + SKYLIGHTS ☆☆
There’s plenty of space for the whole group in this large unit (approximately 2,500 square feet). There are three (3) full bedrooms, plus two (2) additional sleeper sofas to accommodate additional guests. You’ll never run out of hot water as the space has a tankless hot water heater.

Master Suite:  The Master Bedroom and Bathroom is very spacious, complete with a king-sized, fully adjustable Tempurpedic bed, a large smart flat-screen TV with Apple TV, with a separate built-in closet reserved for guests. When you lie down, you’ll be treated to incredible views of the Cumberland River and Nissan Stadium from the comfort of your bed. 
The Master Bath features dual sinks, a separate water closet with a pocket door featuring a heated toilet seat with bidet and a TV conveniently mounted, a stackable washer and dryer with storage for detergent and dryer sheets, and, wait for it, a HUGE Master Shower with bench.  The Master Shower has three (4) separate stations:  two (2) areas feature shower head and two (2) body sprays, an area of tranquility with a rain shower head, and the bench with a hand-held wand.

Ensuite Bedroom:  The second bedroom boasts a plush queen-sized Tempurpedic adjustable bed.  Lay in bed and enjoy watching the mounted flat-screen TV so you can drift off watching your favorite shows or movies.  There is a skylight over the bed so that you get natural sunlight.  There is a built-in closet specifically dedicated to our guest’s usage.  Just off the bedroom you’ll find a nicely apportioned bathroom with lighted mirror over the sink.  The Toto toilet has a bidet and heated seat.  The shower has Kohler fixtures, and the pressure is good for a long, hot shower.

Guest Bedroom: The third bedroom also contains a queen-sized Tempurpedic adjustable bed.  Lay in bed and enjoy watching the mounted flat-screen TV so you can drift off watching your favorite shows or movies.  There is a skylight over the bed so that you get natural sunlight.  There is a built-in closet specifically dedicated to our guest’s usage.  

Guest Bathroom: Just off the main hallway is the Guest Bathroom.  This bathroom serves the Guest Bedroom as well as functioning as the common bathroom.  This is, however, not a half-bath; there is a full shower with Kohler fixtures.  

Each bedroom has a private ensuite bathroom, each with a luxurious walk-in shower with dual showerheads. The bathrooms are stocked with fresh towels and basic toiletries for your convenience.

☆☆ KITCHEN & DEN ☆☆
The large gourmet kitchen has everything you’ll need for whipping up meals and snacks for the entire group. Enjoy modern Thermador stainless-steel appliances, All Clad pots and pans, and all the other cooking essentials you could ever need. A Keurig Duo coffee maker will make it easy to get your caffeine fix every morning.

You can dine together at the dining table just down the hall (seating for ten) or pull up a stool to the kitchen island (seating for five). Of course, if you don’t feel like cooking during your vacation, you can head out to one of the nearby restaurants!

The spacious living room sits just across from the dining area and features a large seating area that converts to another sleeping area at night to accommodate two (2) extra guests. This area also has a large 75” smart flat-screen TV with Apple TV, though you may be distracted by the amazing views of 3rd Avenue North and the skyscrapers of downtown Nashville.

★☆ Book TODAY & Let Us Take Care Of You In Nashville! ☆★

Guest access
As our guest, you will have keyless building entry and keyless elevator access to the penthouse. This means that you can easily and securely enter the building and access the penthouse at any time during your stay without having to worry about carrying around a physical key. The entry codes and elevator access codes will be provided to you prior to your arrival and will be unique to your stay. We hope this added convenience will make your stay more enjoyable and stress-free.

Other things to note
Highly sought after luxury accommodations in Downtown Nashville.

Location: 208 3rd Avenue North, 5th Floor, Nashville, TN. 37201
Located at corner of 3rd Avenue North and Church Street.  Close enough to walk yet far enough away to escape the craziness!  LOL. 1/2 block walk to Printer's Alley and 2 block walk to Broadway Honky Tonks!

Transportation: The low-rise building has abundant parking options:  1) street parking, 2) adjacent parking lot, and 3) various parking facilities.

Safety features: The condo is equipped with centrally monitored fire detection and carbon monixide detection.  There are fire extinguishers on the premises.  Additionally, there are security cameras that monitor access to the building and street entry area, but there are no cameras in the penthouse.  The entry door is locked from 5:00 pm until 8:00 am.; access is only with private key code.

Noise level: While the penthouse is located very close to Nashville nightlife, guests may hear sirens, loud music, and noise from the transportainment buses. These sounds are significantly quieter further inside the condo, but are loudest in the Living Room/Dining Room and Master Bedroom.

Accessibility: 208 3rd Avenue North is an historic property that is generally accessible, but may be difficult for those with mobility limitations. 

Check-in and check-out procedures: We utilize a self check-in/check-out process, with a keyless entry and elevator access using a 4-digit code.

House rules: A separate, detailed House Rules email will be sent.  The top 3 House Rules are the following:
1) ABSOLUTELY NO SMOKING IN PENTHOUSE
2) No Parties (small gatherings are acceptable, but parties of 10 or more are prohibited due to noise considerations for neighbors)
3) Clean Up after yourself and keep the condo in pristine condition

Cancellation policy: We have a strict cancellation policy due to high demand for bookings.  We are committed to not cancelling our guests; please give us the same consideration.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Rob
Host User ID: 97560506
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/97560506
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English
Lives in St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
10 years hosting
104 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting