URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1664072200922432672
Latitude: 36.19494
Longitude: -86.75698
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Monty by AvantStay. A modern 4-bedroom townhome with a designer kitchen and easy-living layout, set just north of East Nashville's buzziest blocks — close enough to walk to dinner, quiet enough to actually unwind.

🛋️ Open-concept living + chef-ready kitchen with island seating
🌆 Partially covered balcony for morning coffee or nightcaps
🎶 Minutes to Five Points, Germantown + downtown Broadway

The space
Tucked into a quiet pocket just north of East Nashville, Monty brings a little design-forward calm to one of the city's most exciting corners. The townhome opens into a bright, open-concept main level where a sleek white kitchen takes center stage — a generous island with barstool seating, stainless appliances, and counter space made for group cooking, slow mornings, or that one friend who always ends up hosting.

The living area picks up the same easy rhythm. Plush seating, contemporary touches, and big windows that let the light do most of the work. Slide open the doors to the partially covered balcony and the day stretches a little longer: coffee in the morning, a glass of something cold as the evening settles in.

Upstairs, four bedrooms give everyone room to actually rest. The primary suite anchors the floor with a king bed and ensuite bath, joined by two queen rooms and a twin room — a layout that works just as well for a couples' weekend as it does for a family trip or a friends' getaway. Four full bathrooms mean no one's negotiating shower schedules.

Step outside and the neighborhood does the heavy lifting. You're a short walk from a tight cluster of local favorites — think craft breweries, food halls, and low-key cocktail bars where the regulars actually know each other. Five Points and the heart of East Nashville sit just minutes south, with their record shops, vintage stores, and live music venues in easy reach. Germantown's restaurant row is a quick drive west, and downtown Broadway — honky-tonks, neon, and the full Music City spectacle — is a fast hop across the river.

Whether you're chasing the city's sound or just looking for a stylish place to land between adventures, Monty makes the kind of home base you don't really want to leave.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home allows pets for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note there are lots of stairs between floors.

Parking Details:
- 2 parking spaces available in the garage.

This home comes with a pack n' play travel crib available. A high chair can be provided upon request with at least 24hrs advanced notice.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6912 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting