Welcome to your Nashville home - a spacious 3 bed, 2.5 bath home just steps from Riverside Village, one of East Nashville’s most hidden local gems. Stroll to neighborhood restaurants, grab coffee or dinner without ever needing to drive, then relax in your bright, comfortable living space. You’ll be close to downtown but tucked in a quiet, walkable pocket that feels like its own little town. Local favs include Mitchell’s Deli, Sho Pizza, Hattie Jane’s, Curry Boys and many more!
Permit #2023031555

The space
This home has a fully functioning kitchen, dining area, and a living area. There are 3 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms and a half bath, with a laundry accessible for use. Our contemporary space with a Nashville vibe is also pet-friendly! We are located 14 minutes from downtown and 18 minutes from the airport.

The downstairs includes the dining and kitchen area which comfortably seats your whole party (10+), with a TV and a variety of board games for entertainment. The bottom floor has laundry capabilities and a half bath. Upon walking upstairs, you’ll notice the beautiful 16’ vaulted ceilings. The upper floor has a large decorative living area for space with all guests to gather around the 70” TV for viewing pleasure. There is coffee making capabilities on both floors, drip coffee on the lower level and a Keurig on the upper. There are ring cameras located at the front and back entrances. There are two Alexa smart speakers in the kitchen and the main bedroom (downstairs). Feel free to unplug the Alexa speakers. 

Our house sleeps 10 guests comfortably excluding sofa space. The main bedroom has a large dresser and mirror combo equipped with a private dual vanity bathroom featuring a large double shower. Both upstairs bedrooms have closets with ample storage space and empty dressers to stay organized during your visit. One upstairs bedroom offers an additional vanity for all your makeup needs. All bedrooms have nightstands with a lamp.

Guest access
As our guest, you have access to the entire home as well as the front and back yard.

Other things to note
All 4 TV’s have access to Netflix, Prime Video, Hulu, MAX (aka HBO), Disney+, and 3 have access to Samsung TV Plus! To combat the Nashville heat, separate AC units with Nest thermostats are on both floors, along with ceiling fans in every room.

Pets are considered but you must contact us first! Just reach out and let us know all about your pet companion. If allowed, pets are $100 each and are not permitted to be on any furniture during your stay.