URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1091259261900013686
Latitude: 36.1673
Longitude: -86.7451
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy this great space with lots of room for fun. We welcome you to our charming East Nashville Oasis. There are two comfy queen size beds, one pull out queen size couch, and one queen size blow up mattress. The kitchen is fully stocked with all your essentials to cook and enjoy the local Nashville cuisine. This home is less than 10 minutes from the heart of Music City honky-tonks! Come book your stay and create memories that will last a lifetime, we would love to host you at our home!

The space
The airbnb is a private 1200 sq ft space around the back side of the house. Follow the walkway on the left to access the unit. There are a few stairs along the path. At night, there are lights to help illuminate the walkway and patio area. 

The front yard is spacious for your furry friends! We are also a short walk from Shelby bottoms park that your furry friends can run freely in. There are additional seats outside to enjoy the beautiful Nashville weather, and quiet neighborhood. 

The back yard is not fully fenced, there is current construction to improve the backyard underway for future guests. Your stay will not be impacted. The front yard is perfect to use, and Shelby bottoms park is down the street to enjoy more greenery!

Let us know if you have any questions!

Guest access
Guest can park on the street and use the back yard area to the fullest. There is a walk way along the left side of the house, follow the stairs to the private 1200 sq ft unit. Lighting is along the stairs and underneath the patio. The back yard is not fully fenced, there is current construction to improve the backyard underway for future guests. Your stay will not be impacted. The front yard is perfect to use, and Shelby bottoms park is down the street to enjoy more greenery!

Other things to note
Smoking:
No Smoking inside House! If guests smokes inside house, then there will be an additional $300 fee for each incident. Cost can escalate beyond depending on the incident and severity of the situation. Smoking only allowed outside. Be mindful smoking Marijuana is illegal in TN and it is not tolerated inside or outside of Airbnb. 

Guests:
We’re happy to be able to host up to 6 people in the unit. There are two queen beds, and one queen size sleeper sofa. In addition there is a queen size blow up mattress too!

Early or Late Checkout:
If your party is interested in checking-out late or checking-in early, there is an additional fee. 

To check-in at 2:00 PM there will be an additional $25 fee. To check-out at 12:00 PM there will be an additional $25 fee. This fee is to be paid 24-48 hours before the booking starts.

Parties or filming:
This space is not to be used for parties or filming of any kind. All parties will be shut down and not tolerated. 

Pets:
There is an additional pet fee. Please update total head count of guests and pets so we can accommodate accordingly for your stay! If your pet pees in the house, additional $150 fee will be added for excessive cleaning needed. 

Other Note:
We do live ontop of the house. Please follow check in details to access the airbnb seamlessly. Airbnb is private 1200 sqft space around back. You may hear us walking upstairs, but we do our best to make sure your stay is as perfect as it can be!

Look forward to hosting you all!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tiffany
Host User ID: 37827129
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/37827129
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Tiffany loves opening our home up to guests! We have two small pups named Tape and Cassette, you may see us outside from time to time. Please say hi, we would love to get to know you and help accommodate to make your stay as special as possible. We enjoy traveling to different countries, and emerging in culture. Hope you enjoy your time in Nashville, let us know if you need recommendations on places to eat or explore!
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Vanderbilt University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
252 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting