URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/937010638129613151
Latitude: 35.9929
Longitude: -86.6883
rental_type: Entire cottage
property_type: COTTAGE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Brentwood, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 15
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Pet Friendly and tons of room in our home on 5 acres with a creek, wildlife and walking trials.  There is nothing like this highly sought after location that is safe yet close to everything.  Perfect for visiting family in Nolensville approx. 25 minutes from downtown Nashville, Brentwood or Franklin if you are coming to visit family or see sights. As soon as you cross over our rustic bridge you’ll feel a peace and serenity that covers our beautiful property.  Many say photos don’t do it justice.

The space
Close to everything you will need for your stay, yet hidden away on a mature lot of trees with a peaceful country feel. Our Cottage - home sits far back from the road on private land - close to Aldi, Publix and Kroger grocery stores - and many great restaurants and coffee shops. 

Need more space then check out our renovated lower walk-out guest- suite which is at ground level and has a a separate entrance with an open floor plan. It is joined to our main house by stairs or can be left separate. Perfect for large families or friends traveling together. 

Master bedroom has a king size bed and adjoining bathroom, second and third bedrooms each have a queen size bed and share a full size bathroom.  
The lower level suite has two queen size beds, a living area, dining area with seating for 4, a kitchenette, its own laundry room and a full master bathroom.  Also available upon request is an air mattress, pack and play and child’s booster seat with tray. 

Kitchen has everything you need to cook meals - just across the street to the grocery store for your food.

Seating for 8 in the dining room. 

Living room has a large power reclining leather sectional sofa, and a West Elm pull out sofa. Enjoy shows on the 60 inch smart tv.  

Relax & enjoy views of the property on the two large decks with enough seating for all your guests. Chill n Grill your favorites on the gas grill.

All Commercial vehicles, vans moving trucks, are restricted due to bridge and  will pay a fee. $75-150. Please Call ahead before reserving.

Guest access
-Entire Home all decks and Hiking trails along MillCreek.

-Large parking 

- Commercial vehicles are restricted 🚫 

Any Commercial vehicles with trailer or tandem axles should notify us first and may be  subject to a parking fee.

Other things to note
This is our guest  cottage-home on 5 serene & safe acres. Just 1.5 miles from Nolensville  with restaraunts & stores just across the street and only 25 minutes to downtown NASH! 

Wildlife abounds! Observe from the decks of the house or take a walk around Mill Creek along our nature trails.

The lower unit is a large guest suite. It has its own separate entrance - and also adjoins via the stair case if you wish to connect the suite with the main level of the cottage.

*Williamson County
*Nolensville schools

Before you book :
-No parties,venues 
  or large gatherings
-If you are going to have friends or family visit you that are not staying overnight you MUST get prior approval from the host.  Otherwise ALL guests staying over night and those just visiting must be in your guest count on the reservation. 
-No Smoking in 
  or littering 
  of such around     
- Free parking for your passenger vehicle.
- Commercial vehicles notify in advance 
- Trailers,Commercial vans ,or any 3rd axle trailer are subject to a permit fee.Please notify us in advance if you plan to have a trailer.
                               Pet Policy 
We allow certain breeds and sizes.Only 
1 pet is allowed during your stay. There is a pet fee for all pets. Please let hosts know before booking that you have a pet and what pedigree it is. Your pet must never be left alone and must be crated while your out no exceptions. If you flew in we do have pet crates for rent. Please no pets on furniture or beds. Please clean up after your pets potty breaks. If you leave pet waste and don’t pick it up we will charge you $100.00 to clean up. Your pet friend must be leashed at all times when outside. We are not liable for your pet should it bite or attack someone else
on our property. By unlocking our door you agree and assume full responsibility for any damage to someone else it’s pet and or their property or ours.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amy
Host User ID: 171145983
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/171145983
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Easy going, friendly, married to my best friend. Mom of 3 beautiful Children, and a Daughter of the King of Kings.
Born in the 70s
My work: Entrepreneur
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
431 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting