URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1284877806954236966
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 5
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Get ready to live out your disco dreams in this retro, country-glam hideaway!

🎨 Custom mural & queen bed
🌴 Direct patio to heated pool, fire pit, 24/7 gym 
🛋️ couch twin trundle + 2 blow-up mattresses
🍳 Full kitchen: Keurig, blender, cookware
💄 Master suite: vanity, steamer, extra linens
🖤 Blackout curtains & ultra-fast Wi-Fi
📺 60” TV & keyless self check-in
🌆 Sky lounge w/ skyline views & gated parking ($25/day)

4mins walk to Country Music Hall of Fame, 7 Broadway, drive 10 to

The space
The Disco Darlin’ ✨🌈

Get ready to live out your disco dreams in this retro, country-glam hideaway! The Disco Darlin’ brings throwback vibes with a dash of Nashville flair, setting the perfect stage for your Music City getaway. Here’s what awaits you:

★ "Absolutely love the location to downtown!"

🎨 Custom Mural Magic – Walk into a living room that’s as “gram-worthy” as it is cozy, complete with a custom mural that captures the fun, funky spirit of Nashville.

🌟 Living Room Love – Kick back in the spacious living room with a 60” TV and a cozy couch that transforms into a bed with a hideaway pull-out underneath. Extra blow-up mattresses? You’ll find two tucked away in the master closet!

👗 Master Suite – Dream big in the queen-sized bed that’s perfect for two. The master bath is stocked with makeup wipes, shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and even a hairdryer, curling iron, and clothes steamer. Need to glam up? Head to the second vanity station with hanging space for those long dresses. Pillows and linens? Plenty on hand for ultimate comfort!

🖤 Total Privacy – Blackout curtains throughout ensure a great night’s sleep or a bit of afternoon R&R whenever you need it.

💻 Work & Lounge – Stay productive in luxurious common workspaces and lounges perfect for getting down to business or simply unwinding in style.

📺 Stay Entertained & Connected – Ultra-fast internet keeps you streaming, scrolling, and grooving to your heart’s content!

🍳 Fully-Equipped Kitchen – You’ll feel like a culinary queen with everything you need: blender, plates, silverware, cookware, olive oil, spices, and even a Keurig with coffee pods, cream, and sugar to start your day right.

🌴 Courtyard Paradise – Step out from your private patio directly to a dreamy courtyard with a heated pool, fire pit, and grille area. Relax, recharge, and soak in the Nashville sunshine!

💪 24/7 Gym Access with Rock Climbing Wall – Whether you’re hitting the weights, the yoga room or climbing the indoor rock wall, this 24-hour gym has everything you need for a fabulous workout.

🌆 Sky Lounge with Skyline Views – Head up to the sky lounge and take in sweeping views of the Nashville skyline—perfect for a sunset cocktail or a nightcap under the stars.

🧳 Baggage Drop with Baggage Bell Hop – Arrive early or leave late? Baggage Bell Hop can hold your luggage for an additional fee, making it easy to maximize your time in Nashville.

🚪 Convenient Self Check-In & Security – Access your home away from home easily with the Door app, featuring keyless self check-in and 24/7 building security for a carefree stay.

🚗 Parking Perks – Need parking? Secure a spot in a gated garage for just $25/day.

🌟 Operated by Nashville Locals – Get the inside scoop on the best places to eat, drink, and explore from locals who know all the hidden gems Nashville has to offer!

✨ Location, Location, Location

	•	4 mins to Country Music Hall of Fame
	•	7 mins to Bridgestone Arena and                 Broadway
	•	10 mins to the Ryman Auditorium
	•	20 mins to Nissan Stadium
	•	10 mins drive to Nashville Airport (BNA)

Pack your bags, bring your best outfits, and get ready to make memories at The Disco Darlin’ – where retro meets the heart of Nashville. 🌟

Love it? Tap the ❤️ above to save this listing to your wishlist for later!

STR Permit #2018071511

Guest access
Entire space & shared spaces such as lobby, courtyard, sky lounge, swimming pool and gym are included in the rental.  Please make yourself at home in these spaces. We are not responsible for the closure or unavailability of any of these shared amenities, which is completely out of our control. Should this situation occur, we will not be able to refund any of your stay with us. 

We do have 1 gated parking spot available for you to use during your stay for $25/night. A parking pass will be provided and must be visible in the dash at all times while parked. Tickets will be issued if parking pass is not visible and you will be liable for incurred ticket fees.

There are additional paid guest parking spots at The Burnham that are available on a first come, first serve basis. 

The heated pool is available 10am-8pm. No glass is allowed in the pool area. The courtyard hours are 10am-10pm.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Deja Vu Hospitality
Host User ID: 455063541
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/455063541
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! We’re Chris and Claire, founders of Deja Vu Hospitality. What you’ll experience as a guest is deeply personal to us because it’s exactly how we’ve built this company. We still lead the design, shape the guest experience, and stay closely involved in every home we welcome into our portfolio. We believe thoughtful design and genuine hospitality go hand in hand, and we’re grateful to share what we’ve built with every guest who stays with us.
My work: Founder, Deja Vu
Most useless skill: Remembering useless paint names.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
722 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting