URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1192907007325729988
Latitude: 36.1933
Longitude: -86.7779
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Rooftop skyline views, a private hot tub, and modern luxury await at The Bluebell. Located in the heart of Nashville, this stylish townhome is just minutes from Broadway and Music City's top attractions. Enjoy a gourmet kitchen, Smart TVs in every room, and thoughtfully designed spaces perfect for family vacations, group getaways, and extended stays. 🌆

The space
Things You'll Love:
◆ Located in the Cumberland Heights neighborhood, minutes from Broadway.
◆ The rooftop offers stunning skyline views, a hot tub (comfortably seats 4 guests), firepit, and lounge seating.
◆ Each bedroom has a private ensuite bathroom and smart tv
◆ Fully equipped kitchen
◆ Smart TVs throughout – easily connect to all your favorite streaming apps!
◆ Southern chic décor, thoughtfully curated by a talented local interior designer.
◆ High speed Wi-fi
◆ The complex offers guest parking and plenty of street parking
◆ Game Room Lounge with shuffleboard and smart tv
◆ Dog Friendly - $150 pet fee per stay for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions 

Important to Note:
The home is located close to the highway, so noise is audible from the rooftop and you may occasionally hear passing trucks from inside. We want to make sure you're aware before booking.

Sleeping Arrangements:
First Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom

Second Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 2 - Queen Bed + Full Bed + Ensuite Bathroom 

Third Floor:
◆ Bedroom 3 - Two Queen Beds + Ensuite Bathroom
◆ Bedroom 4 - King Bed + Ensuite Bathroom

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering The Bluebell for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Important Information:
◆ Proximity to Highway: While the unit is close to the highway, you won't hear much traffic noise indoors. However, you may notice it while using the rooftop space.
◆ Stairs Required: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.
◆ No Garage Parking: The garage has been converted into a game room and is not available for vehicle parking. Vehicles may not be parked inside the garage. Guests will be responsible for any damages resulting from unauthorized use. Ample street parking is available directly in front of the home.

Hot Tub:
Our rooftop hot tub comfortably accommodates 4 guests and is professionally cleaned and refreshed prior to each arrival.
In colder months, after the water has been replaced, it may take up to 24 hours from check-in for the hot tub to reach optimal temperature while covered. Please note that during extreme cold, temperatures above 95°F may be difficult to maintain.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5404 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting