URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1267475801325153732
Latitude: 36.12556922713116
Longitude: -86.7255710498007
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Boots On Broadway, your gateway to the heart of Nashville! Located just minutes from the famous Broadway strip, this stylish industrial unit is designed to capture the city's lively Honky-Tonk spirit. Whether you're here for a romantic getaway or a productive work trip, you'll find the perfect blend of comfort and excitement. With Broadway's vibrant music scene right at your doorstep, prepare for an unforgettable stay where Nashville’s energy is part of the experience!

The space
Welcome to "Boots On Broadway," where Nashville's charm meets chic urban living. As you step through the door, be instantly captivated by a stunning mural in the living room, setting the tone for a stylish and memorable stay. It's not just decor; it's the essence of Nashville's spirit.

Our Amenities: 

The Kitchen: 
A modern culinary oasis, boasting sleek stainless steel appliances, including an essential coffee maker for those artisan morning brews. Whether you're crafting a gourmet meal or enjoying a quick bite, this is your perfect setting. 

Primary Bedroom: 
Kick back in the primary bedroom where a king-size bed offers the ultimate sleep experience. The bedroom features a smart TV, perfect for streaming your favorite shows and movies from the comfort of your bed. This room is your personal chill zone - modern, minimal, and totally comfy. 

Bathroom: 
The bathroom is a contemporary retreat, complete with a stylish vanity, Nashville themed wallpaper and an invigorating shower, perfect for refreshing mornings or winding down after a day of exploration.

Living Room: 
Sofa by Day, Queen Bed by Night. The living room keeps it real with a love sofa that's not just for lounging. Come night, it flips into a queen bed, perfect for friends or those impromptu sleepovers. It's the ultimate space-saver with a dash of trendy flair. And for those laid-back evenings, the smart TV is your gateway to endless entertainment.

Prime Locations Nearby:
7 mins: Broadway
7 mins: Nissan Stadium - Home of TN Titans 
7 mins: Nashville Yards (Amazon HQ2)
8 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum 
8 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
8 mins: Music City Center
9 mins: The Gulch 
9 mins: Music Row
9 mins: Vanderbilt University
9 mins: Centennial Park
11 mins: Germantown
11 mins: Tennessee State University
11 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center 
13 mins: The Parthenon
13 mins: Grand Ole Opry
13 mins: Belmont Mansion 
13 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Course
15 mins: McCabe Golf Course

All our properties are thoughtfully equipped with essential amenities to ensure a comfortable and enjoyable stay:
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker + Coffee Pods / Creamer
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo, Conditioner and Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

Choosing "Boots On Broadway" for your Nashville escapade means more than just a place to stay; it's embracing the heart and soul of Music City in unmatched style. Book now for a chic, unforgettable journey in the rhythm of Nashville.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire unit and complex.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andrew
Host User ID: 270358749
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/270358749
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
429 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting