URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/17572874
Latitude: 36.17932
Longitude: -86.79318
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 3
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Just under 600 sq. ft., our keyless entry loft lies over our detached garage. An upper deck, full kitchen, walk-in closet, futon couch/sofa for 3 adults or 2 adults/1 child. A private space behind our home.  
Just under 2 miles is Downtown while our Sounds Stadium, Bi-Centennial Park and Farmers Market are walkable.  Uber/Lyft for$7-12 to Broadway music, 12th South or the Gulch. Ideal for couples,  solo or business travelers and families with kids over 5.

The space
Our loft is separate from our home and has a separate entrance.  It is above our garage that you will hear opening and closing but usually just twice a day with my husband retrieving his car :).

We try to maintain a very clean loft!  We spray down and wash all used items in the space.  Every clean will be this way.  Whenever you leave we ask that you put anything you touched In a pile for laundry.  We will spray, wipe down and clean all surfaces with disinfectant as we have done before (please see our reviews) but even more so now.  We want you to be safe and stay safe with your stay with us :). 

Please always feel free to send us a message with questions or concerns as we to want to be smart and safe for our guests and our family.  Thank you for your business! Now for more information on the loft :)

LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! We are 1.8 miles from downtown--close enough to walk to the Broadway music scene or cheap enough to lyft or Uber.  This private space lies behind our main home above our detached garage and is an oasis in the city. We have lots of natural light including a skylight!  Full kitchen with all you need to cook a meal -- including a microwave, stove and full refrigerator.   Our decor is clean and rustic with touches of Nashville's treasures. You will find you are under 2 miles from downtown Broadway music, Ryman, Bridgestone, Ascend and TPAC.  For pleasure or business, our loft is convenient to I-65 and about a 10-15 minute drive to other areas of the Nashville Scene like West End Ave, Hillsboro Village, 12th South, Music Row, The Gulch or Berry Hill or Belmont's campus.  Our hope when you come to visit you have a place of respite as well as a great adventure in our Music City!

Guest access
Our studio has a separate gate with keypad for easy entry and can be accessed off the side street.  The loft is behind our residence and above our detached garage.  This private space has a second keypad for easy check in and we can assist with questions or concerns.

Other things to note
Our local Kroger is within walking distance (about 1/4 mile) but it is under construction so you will have to Uber or walk to Publix capital view around 1.7 miles.  Our downtown YMCA is state of the art and less than two miles from our house.  The Bi-Centennial mall holds beautiful grounds for running, biking and our famers market (please see pictures!).  You can enjoy TONS of live music from around the corner AT the back corner, to downtown's lower Broadway, to our bigger venues.  The Dabble Studio is a fun date night for painting or cooking classes.  The walking bridge, The Southern, East Nashville, Bluebird, Pancake Pantry, 12th South (MODA Boutique is awesome), The Gulch and Sylvan Park are all areas within 10 minutes of us.  Loads to do and see.  Groupon is always a good thing to check as it has some really great deals!  Uber rates vary depending on events around but usually are between $5-9 dollars to most of the venues downtown.  Please check our guidebook as we try to keep things that we think visitors to our city would like.  We also are just a text or call away from more suggestions.  It really is a great little big town :)  

If you would like to stay over a couple of days, we can accommodate guests up to 14 consecutive days.  We can offer additional cleaning services for these guests vacationing or working in town. Please send a request to us for further details.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Moe
Host User ID: 99547647
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/99547647
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Music brought me hear a long time ago and I have loved it ever since! Nashville is one of the few places in the world that it's hard to meet a stranger.  My husband is retired military and we have two wonderful kids that keep me on my toes!  I am a vocal and songwriting coach with my studio in the Sylvan Park Neighborhood (Nashville Creative House) and I have worked on everything from the American Music Awards to the set of "Nashville".  My greatest joy is seeing people succeed.  I try to always see the glass half full and be thankful for the wonderful life I have been given.  When a host, I will be as helpful as possible without being bothersome.  As a guest, I will treat your place with respect (Girl Scout rule!).  If I had a motto it would be to be kind to all creatures great and small!
Where I went to school: Cincy OH
My work: Lead Vocal Coach/Owner of Nashville Creative House
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
728 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting