URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1280581135303202712
Latitude: 36.14484882531694
Longitude: -86.79218031631365
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Meet The Optimist — a retro-chic, vintage-inspired Music Row condo designed by a local artist, blending contemporary comfort with authentic character. With two king bedrooms, a queen-over-queen bunk, and a queen sofa bed & 3 baths, this spacious stay is ideal for families and groups—whether you’re in town for a Vanderbilt or Belmont visit, a couples getaway, a business trip, or a music-filled Nashville weekend. You’ll be perfectly positioned near shops, cafes, music, top dining, and Broadway.

The space
The Optimistic, is the perfect condo for those who are looking for a unique design, yet comfortable, well-stocked, and with excellent services. Stay away from tacky interiors or cookie-cutter designs. This condo offers a vibrant yet comfortable home base in the heart of Music Row. An open-concept living and dining area flows into a fully equipped luxury kitchen, creating an easy central hub for cooking, gathering, and relaxing between Nashville adventures. Two bedrooms feature comfortable king beds, the living area includes a queen sofa bed, and a queen-over-queen bunk room provides additional flexible sleeping for larger groups or families of up to 10 guests. Three full bathrooms help everyone get ready without crowding, and balcony access extends your living space outdoors for morning coffee or an evening wind-down. 

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements
QUEEN SOFA BED IN LIVING ROOM 
BEDROOM 1: 1 KING BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 2: 1 KING BED WITH TV AND JACK-AND-JILL ENSUITE BATHROOM
BEDROOM 3: QUEEN OVER QUEEN BUNK BED WITH TV AND ENSUITE BATHROOM

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, and laundry and dishwasher pods. 

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

📍 About The Crescendo
The Crescendo is a luxury condo building on iconic Music Row, blending a boutique feel with elevated, hotel-style amenities. Guests enjoy amazing amenities:
★ On-site concierge and overnight security
★ Rooftop lounge with pool table and outdoor seating
★  Meeting room
★  Seasonal pool 
★  Fitness center open 24/7
★ Complimentary on-site parking and convenient luggage storage. 
All of this is just minutes from Broadway and close to Vanderbilt and Belmont—walkable to cafés, shops, and restaurants, yet tucked into a quieter pocket of town.

★★ Exclusive Guest Perks★★
As a guest, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Humminghost's partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Check-in is simple with smart locks. Before your arrival, we’ll send detailed instructions with your door codes, directions to the unit, and any access info for shared amenities or parking. Please review these notes ahead of time to ensure a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
★Possible Daytime Noise from Nearby Construction★
Please note that there is an active construction project in the surrounding area. Work typically takes place during standard daytime hours (approximately 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday), and you may experience some intermittent noise during this time. While this is outside of our control, we want to ensure full transparency so you can plan accordingly. Evenings, nights, and weekends are generally quiet.

★Amenities & Building Facilities★
Guests have access to the building’s shared amenities and common areas. While we promptly notify the HOA or building management of any issues, we do not control the cleanliness, maintenance, repair, or availability of these shared spaces and cannot guarantee specific amenities will be available at all times.

★Smoke-Free Home & Community★
In accordance with building rules, smoking is not permitted inside the unit or any common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Supplies & Essentials★
We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.

★Families & Baby Gear★
Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play and baby gate (in homes with stairs) available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.

★Maintenance & Repairs★	
Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.
 
★Building Access & Trash Rooms★ 
The lobby and mail room are located on ground level, with all units situated on the floors above the lobby. Guests can access the units via stairs or elevator. A trash room is available on every unit level and located next to the elevators on the left-hand side for convenient waste disposal during your stay.

★Luggage Storage★
Complimentary luggage storage is available in the Crescendo Mail Room, located in the lobby. Storage is provided on a first-come, first-served basis. Please note that this area is accessible to all guests, owners, and mail carriers. We are not responsible for any lost or stolen items.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
My work: Humming Host’s CEO
Most useless skill: I can juggle
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2658 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting