URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1737261122483522252
Latitude: 36.108821504938746
Longitude: -86.73099820631705
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your newly renovated haven in Nashville! This home boasts a spacious yard and prime location. 
In just 8 minutes, you'll find yourself immersed in the vibrant energy of Broadway, where live music and delicious dining await. Plus, with the airport a quick 6-mile drive with attractions like Broadway, the Grand Ole Opry, and the Nashville Zoo nearby.

Experience the best of Nashville living in this perfectly situated home, where convenience meets comfort in the heart of Music City. ❤️

The space
Designed for Comfort! This thoughtfully renovated Nashville home offers a welcoming space for both short getaways and longer stays.

🛋️ Living Area: Comfortable living space with a TV and plenty of room to relax after a day exploring Nashville.

🍳 Kitchen & Dining: Fully equipped kitchen with refrigerator, freezer, microwave, stove, oven, dishwasher, coffee maker, hot water kettle, toaster, blender, cookware, dishes, silverware, wine glasses, baking sheet, and dining table.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements: The home accommodates up to 8 guests with 1 King Bed, 2 Double Beds, 1 Single Bed, and 1 Bunk Bed. Fresh linens, hangers, and clothing storage are provided.

🛁 Bathroom: One full bathroom includes a bathtub, hot water, shampoo, conditioner, body soap, shower gel, hair dryer, fresh towels, and essential toiletries.

💻 Workspace & Connectivity: Free Wi-Fi and a dedicated workspace make the home convenient for business travelers, remote work, and extended stays.

🧺 Laundry: Washer and dryer access provides added convenience throughout your stay.

🌿 Outdoor Area: Enjoy a spacious backyard with a fire pit and outdoor furniture for relaxing and spending time outside.

Guest access
Guests will have exclusive access to the entire home, including:
✔ Full bathroom
✔ Living area
✔ Kitchen and dining space
✔ Private laundry room
✔ Private entrance
✔ On-site parking

Other things to note
‼️‼️ We are committed to providing a relaxing and comfortable experience during your stay. Please note the following important information:

Shared Property: This home is part of a larger property, and guests may occasionally stay in the separate portion of the house. Your accommodations, entrance, and laundry area are private. The driveway and yard are shared.

For larger groups, it may be possible to reserve both portions of the property together. Please contact us if you are interested in renting the entire home.

Older Home: This is an older Nashville home that has been thoughtfully renovated while retaining some of its original character. You may notice features and imperfections typical of an older property, which contribute to its classic Americana charm.

Driveway: The driveway has a noticeable decline and may feel steep, especially for vehicles with low ground clearance. Most standard vehicles navigate it without difficulty by driving straight and proceeding slowly when entering and exiting.

Parking: A maximum of 2 vehicles is permitted for this reservation. More than 2 vehicles require approval before arrival.

Street Noise: Due to the home's proximity to the street, some traffic or street noise may occasionally be heard, especially during busier times of the day or night.

Light sleepers or guests seeking a completely quiet environment should keep this in mind when booking.

Thermostat: The thermostat controls both sides of the home. Please keep the temperature set to 70°F for heating and 70°F for air conditioning.

If you need an additional heater or fan, please contact us and we will be happy to assist when available.

Housekeeping Laundry: There may occasionally be clean housekeeping laundry inside the dryer upon arrival.

If you need to use the dryer, simply remove the clean laundry and place it to the side. There is no need to fold it.

Please do not use towels or sheets left inside the dryer. Fresh towels and linens will be provided separately for your stay.

Guest Verification: Guests may be required to complete requested verification within 24 hours of booking confirmation. Failure to complete required verification may affect the reservation in accordance with Airbnb policies and applicable reservation terms.

Security Deposit: Based on reservation details, including prior guest reviews when applicable, we reserve the right to request a refundable security deposit where permitted.

If required, the deposit must be paid promptly upon request and will be refunded after check-out, provided the property is left in good condition.

Monthly stay: $400 monthly utilities fee is collected separately through the Airbnb app.

This covers:

High-speed internet
Water and sewer
Trash service
Electricity
Gas

Payment of utilities is due 24 hours before the date and time of check-in, or by noon on the day of check-in, whichever comes first from the time of booking. This refers to the same day booking, if the booking is made after noon, payment of utilities needs to be made within one hour of booking.

Utilities are charged separately after the booking, and therefore are not charged taxes and service fee, this will save you a considerable amount of money

Packages: Occasionally, packages related to property maintenance or upkeep may be delivered during your stay. In rare cases, we may ask you to bring a delivered package inside for safekeeping until our team can retrieve it.

Recycling: A designated recycling bin is available on the property. Please place only recyclable materials inside this bin.

Regular trash placed in the recycling bin may prevent collection and could result in additional disposal costs.

Early Check-In / Late Check-Out: Early check-in, late check-out, and early or late luggage drop-off may be available upon request, subject to availability, for a $40 fee.

No Smoking or Vaping: Smoking or vaping inside the property is strictly prohibited.

A minimum $1,000 cleaning fee may apply for violations. Repeated or severe violations may also result in termination of the stay in accordance with applicable booking platform policies.

Check-Out & Cleaning Expectations: Guests are requested to follow the check-out instructions provided before departure to help our cleaning team prepare the property efficiently for the next arrival.

If the home is left in a condition requiring substantially more time or effort than a standard turnover, such as excessive mess, unusual amounts of trash, or additional cleaning beyond the normal scope, an additional cleaning fee may be charged to cover the extra labor and time required.

Thank you for treating the home with care. Your cooperation helps us continue providing a clean, comfortable, and well-maintained space for every guest.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dt
Host User ID: 483259760
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/483259760
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi I am very friendly and respectful of other.
Born in the 70s
My work: Self employed
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
4 years hosting
46 reviews
4.7 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting