URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1333530249978785416
Latitude: 36.1778
Longitude: -86.7562
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Rooftop skyline views, modern design, and an unbeatable location make The Aster the perfect East Nashville retreat. This stylish 4-bedroom, 4-bath townhome features upgraded amenities, a rooftop patio, and thoughtfully designed living spaces for comfort and relaxation. Just minutes from downtown and Broadway, with excellent walkability, it's ideal for family vacations, group getaways, business travelers, and extended stays. 🌆

The space
What You’ll Love:
◆ Spacious Rooftop Patio with cozy seating, firepit, cornhole, & skyline views.
◆ Each bedroom has an ensuite bathroom
◆ Prime Location just steps from Five Points & a quick ride to Downtown & Broadway
◆ Fully-equipped Modern Kitchen with sleek appliances & essentials.
◆ Smart TVs in Living Room & Two Bedrooms – Log into your favorite streaming apps or cast from your phone.
◆ Central Heating & AC for year-round comfort.
◆ High-Speed Wi-Fi & Dedicated Workspaces.
◆ Garage parking available for two standard-size vehicles, plus ample street parking.
◆ Dog Friendly - $150 pet fee for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions!

Sleeping Arrangements: (Comfortably sleeps 10)
First Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - Two Queen Bunk Beds (4 queen beds) + Ensuite Full Bathroom

Second Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 2 - King Bed + Ensuite Full Bathroom

Third Floor:
◆ Bedroom 3 - King Bed + Ensuite Full Bathroom & Twin rollaway bed
◆ Bedroom 4 -  King Bed + Ensuite Full Bathroom

Need more space? Check out our listing that combines The Aster with the neighboring home, The Daylily, for the ultimate group getaway!
airbnb.com/h/thedaylilyandasternashville

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Pilates: 
Just a short drive away in the Wedgewood-Houston neighborhood is SŌLR Pilates, Nashville’s infrared hot mat Pilates studio. Guests staying in our homes receive 20% off studio classes and priority booking for private group sessions, perfect for bachelorette groups, birthdays, or a relaxing wellness experience during your stay.

Thank you for considering The Aster for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Please note: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

This East Nashville neighborhood is evolving, with a mix of newly built homes as well as some charming older developments that reflect the vibrancy of the area. It’s a community on the rise, offering a unique blend of urban convenience and neighborhood charm.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5412 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting