URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/998491454831581259
Latitude: 36.1764
Longitude: -86.7905
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Historic Morningside is a charming 3-Bedroom Home in the heart of Germantown, Nashville's best neighborhood.  Walkable to the city's best restaurants, Broadway,  First Horizon Park, Nissan Stadium, and Bicentennial Park, Nashville Farmers Market, and more!

This beautifully preserved historic home offers an ideal blend of classic charm and modern comfort. With 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, the space is perfect for families, friends, or anyone seeking a unique and memorable stay in Music City.

The space
Morningside was built right after the civil war as a German workhouse. This historic home has been updated to include the modern amenities you are looking for while respecting the craftsmanship that make it a unique space. 

Our home's prime location means you're just steps away from vibrant nightlife, great food, and some of Nashville's best restaurants and attractions. As the home is in the heart of Germantown, each room has a white noise machine and ear plugs for guests to ensure a good night's sleep as some noise from the street may be present at times. 

Bedrooms: Three spacious and elegantly furnished bedrooms. The primary suite features a comfortable king-size bed, while the other two bedrooms offer queen-size beds and are adjoining, making it perfect for families or close friends. The third bedroom includes its own private entrance/exit, adding an extra layer of convenience and privacy. An inflatable mattress is available for use in the living room for an extra bed if necessary. 

Bathrooms: Two updated full bathrooms with showers allow you to get ready and start your day refreshed. Shampoo, conditioner, and body wash from our local eco-friendly refill store, The Good Fill, are provided for guests. 

Living Area: The front of the home has a cozy living room with original hardwood floors, high ceilings, and large windows that fill the space with natural light. Relax on the comfortable sofa and enjoy a movie night on the flat-screen Smart TV with all streaming services. Fast WIFI is available to all guests throughout their stay for all of your streaming needs. A selection of games are available in the living room as well.

Kitchen & Dining: The kitchen is equipped with top-of-the-line appliances and all the essentials you need to prepare a delicious meal. Coffee beans from Counter Culture are provided, and the coffee station has both a drip machine and a pour over set. The charming dining area adjacent to the kitchen seats six comfortably and accommodates up to 8, perfect for enjoying meals together.

Outdoor Space: Enjoy a peaceful escape in the private side yard, featuring a bistro table with seating for four. It's the perfect spot for morning coffee or evening cocktails in a tranquil setting.

The Neighborhood:
Morningside is within walking distance of Nashville's best restaurants, cafes, and shops. Stroll through the historic streets, visit the nearby Nashville Farmers' Market, see a baseball game at the Sounds baseball stadium, or head to downtown Nashville for live music and nightlife. Downtown and Broadway are 20 minutes away on foot or a short 5 minute Uber ride.

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire home, including the private side yard. Check-in is easy with our self-check-in process using a smart lock. We are located just one block away, and are nearby if any issues arise during your stay.

Please note: fireplaces are not operable and are not available for guest use.

Other things to note
Whether you're visiting Nashville for a weekend getaway, a family vacation, or a business trip, Historic Morningside offers the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and charm. Book your stay today and experience the best of Nashville from this lovely home base.

Registration Details
2023083549

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Matthew
Host User ID: 10997831
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/10997831
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
My work: Men's Health
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
134 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting