URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1422584080228849555
Latitude: 36.197
Longitude: -86.8277
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
- The Heights | Design-forward 2BR/2BA brand-new condo near Downtown
- Scenic bluffside location with dining steps away
- Bright, open living area with curated furnishings
- Fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances
- In-unit washer and dryer for added convenience
- Quick access to Midtown, Germantown & the Gulch

The space
The Heights | Modern Comfort Near the Heart of Nashville
 
Welcome to The Heights — a collection of brand-new, stylish, design-forward condos perched on a scenic bluffside just minutes from Downtown Nashville. Nestled in a scenic bluffside neighborhood, each space offers a refined home base in a rapidly growing area with nearby retail and dining options right outside your door. Whether you're heading to Midtown, Germantown, or the Gulch, you're never far from Nashville's top attractions, greenways, or vibrant nightlife.

Step inside to find a professionally designed home with contemporary finishes, curated furnishings, and an effortless blend of comfort and convenience. Each condo features a bright and inviting living area perfect for relaxing or reconnecting after a day in the city, along with a fully equipped kitchen stocked with modern appliances and essentials for effortless dining in. You'll also enjoy the added convenience of an in-unit washer and dryer—perfect for longer stays or getting ready for a night on the town.

Bedrooms & Bathrooms:
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sleeps: 6

Please note:
- The elevator is not available for guest use.
- This unit is located on the second floor, and there are 20 steps from the first floor to the unit. This property is not suitable for guests with mobility limitations.

Looking for more space? The Heights condos are located steps from one another and can be rented together to accommodate larger groups.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There's a reason Nashville has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note that this unit requires guests to walk up multiple flights of stairs to access the unit.
- Noise is expected. This home is close to downtown Nashville, so street traffic and city sounds can be heard, especially in the evenings and on weekends. Sound machines and earplugs are provided for your comfort.

Parking Details:
- 2 cars are allowed per unit.
- Parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis in front of the building or to the right as you enter the complex.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2025034982

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6902 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting