URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1755446481203254678
Latitude: 36.2132
Longitude: -86.7093
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your Nashville getaway! This inviting 3-bedroom, 2-bath home offers a comfortable setup for families, friends, and groups. Enjoy a spacious living area, a modern kitchen with an island and full-size appliances, and a convenient main-level primary bedroom. The home also features finished wood and tile flooring, central heating and AC, and in-home laundry. After a day of exploring, come home, relax, and enjoy plenty of space to unwind together

The space
First Floor

The first floor includes:

Dining room
Kitchen
Half bathroom
Duo coffee pot
Laundry room
Access to the screened-in back deck
Bedroom 1 with a king bed, TV, and private en-suite bathroom with a large walk in shower
Second Floor

Upstairs, you will find:

Living area with a TV
Full bathroom with a tub and shower combination
Bedroom 2 with a queen bed
Bedroom 3 with a king bed

Please note that Bedrooms 2 and 3 do not have TVs.

Sleeping Arrangements
Bedroom 1: King bed, TV, and en-suite bathroom with shower
Bedroom 2: Queen bed, no TV
Bedroom 3: King bed, no TV
Bathroom Layout
First-floor en-suite bathroom with shower
First-floor half bathroom
Second-floor full bathroom with tub and shower combination

Guest access
⊙ You’ll have full access to the entire home, including all indoor and outdoor spaces.

⊙ Self check-in with a smart lock—your code will be sent before arrival.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4542 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting