URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1390152567675023223
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 6
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome To The Rodeo, Western Theme Saloon. A unique place where spirits of cowboy and cowgirl will never die. 
Short walk to Broadway(8 minutes only), Bridgestone Arena, The Music City Center, and Country Music Hall of fame and All of Nashville finest.

! Top Notched Unit from  Comfort and Unique Themed rooms, Designed for Ultimately the Best Nashville Experience and most comfort. 

Fully Equipped Kitchen, Supplies, Coffee, Comfortable Beds and Premium Linens
One Free Parking in Gated garage

The space
Saddle Up for the Ultimate Western Stay in the Heart of Downtown Nashville! 🤠
Welcome to The Top-Notched Apartment, your personal slice of Music City right in the thick of all the honky-tonk hustle and bustle! This ain’t just any condo — it’s a rodeo of style, comfort, and that good ol’ Nashville spirit, crafted with care to give you the Ultimate Western Experience.

Step inside the Western Saloon-inspired living space, where neon lights set the mood, cowboy vibes run deep, and every detail invites you to kick back and soak up the Nashville magic. Whether you’re a cowboy looking to wrangle a weekend of honky-tonk fun or a business wrangler needing a comfy spot to unwind after a long day, this place is tailor-made for you.

Why This Top-Notched Nashville Condo is Your Perfect Rodeo Home:
Sleeps up to 8 Guests: Plenty of room for your whole posse to rest easy after a night on the town.
Prime Downtown Location: Steps away from Lower Broadway’s famous honky-tonks, the Ascend Amphitheater, Bridgestone Arena, and the legendary Ryman Auditorium.
Western Vibes + Modern Comfort: Saddle up in two beautifully furnished bedrooms, a living room that doubles as your party corral, and all the modern amenities you’ll need.
Inside the Ranch:

Living Room Saloon:
Kick off your boots and relax on not one, but two comfy sleeper sofas while you spin vinyl on the record player or binge your favorite shows on the large smart TV. Neon lights set the perfect stage for your cowboy showdown or chill hangout. High-speed WiFi keeps you connected when you’re not out on the trail.

Kitchen & Dining:
A fully equipped kitchen with all the fixin’s, including a Keurig coffee maker and complimentary pods — because every cowboy needs a strong brew to start the day.
Rest Easy in These Western-Style Chambers:

Bedroom One:
Two full-sized beds decked out in premium linens for a restful night under the Nashville stars. Connected to a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and all the toiletry essentials.

Bedroom Two:
A king-sized bed fit for a Nashville royalty, with plush pillows and a cozy walk-in closet that holds extra blankets, pillows, an air mattress, and a rollaway bed — perfect for your whole roundup. The adjoining bathroom features a relaxing bathtub/shower combo and all the toiletries you’ll need.

More to Love on the Property:
Swimming Pool: Take a dip year-round in our crystal-clear pool — the perfect cool-down after a day on the town.
State-of-the-Art Gym with Rock Climbing: Keep your rodeo spirit strong with a workout at our premium fitness center.
Charming Courtyard & Propane Grill: Host your own outdoor BBQ under the Nashville sky.
Outdoor Fireplace: Gather ‘round the fire pit for stories and s’mores beneath the stars.
Common Hangout & Sky Lounges: Meet other travelers, relax, and catch breathtaking views of the city.

Nearby Nashville Hotspots — Right Around the Corner:
Legendary Lower Broadway Honky-Tonks
Ascend Amphitheater — Live music under the stars
Iconic Bridgestone Arena & Ryman Auditorium
Trendy Restaurants, Bars, and Coffee Shops for every craving

Round-the-Clock Service & Amenities:
24/7 Emergency Maintenance — We’re here whenever you need us.
Bellhop Baggage Service — Travel light, we’ll handle the heavy lifting.
Overnight Security — Sleep easy knowing you’re safe.

Parking: One space included; additional spots available for purchase.
Book Your Stay at The Top-Notched Apartment — Where Nashville Meets Western Charm!
Whether you’re here to two-step the night away, celebrate a bachelor/bachelorette party, or just kick back and soak in the Music City vibes, this is your go-to spot for an unforgettable Nashville experience. Grab your boots, gather your crew, and get ready to ride!

Guest access
This entire apartment complex along with this unit is accessed by a keyless smartphone entry system called Latch. Please be sure to have it download and watch the tutorial from the link in the email prior to your trip to ensure smooth check-in procedures.  Please keep your phone charged up and have it with you at all times since it is required to access the building and the unit.

If you plan to arrive prior to check-in or leave later than your check-out time and need a place to store your baggage, Baggage Bellhop is available onsite 7 days/week 9AM - 5 PM

Other things to note
Please Note:
While we always strive to provide a comfortable and positive living experience, there are certain factors beyond our personal control that we want to clarify:
We are not responsible for external variables outside of this building, such as noise, construction, or private/public events happening nearby.
This property is part of a larger complex managed by building management, who oversee:
Common areas and shared spaces
Exterior maintenance
Interior maintenance of physical systems and appliances (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, HVAC, and drywall)
When it comes to maintenance requests or issues, we are required to follow the building’s procedures and timelines. We will always do our best to communicate and advocate on your behalf, but please understand that resolution times are ultimately determined by the building’s management and service teams.

This is a multi-unit building, and there may be other guests staying in neighboring units.
While we expect everyone to be respectful, we cannot control the behavior of other guests, including potential noise.
If excessive noise occurs after quiet hours, you may report it directly to the building’s overnight security, who are available to assist.
Thank you for your understanding and cooperation! If you have any questions or concerns ahead of your stay, feel free to reach out.

Permit #2018074638

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Paravee
Host User ID: 572705677
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/572705677
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 years hosting
560 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting