URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/965236318874582150
Latitude: 36.10302
Longitude: -86.74858
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover luxury just 8 miles from Downtown! This spacious, modern 4BR/3BA home is adorned in white with wooden accents, exuding elegance. It boasts an amazing kitchen & living area with abundant seating throughout the home. High-end appliances promise convenience and complement the aesthetic. The private backyard with grill, stunning bedrooms with exquisite bedding and children's amenities make it perfect for families or large groups! 

"This listing is for the entire home with no shared spaces"

The space
Discover the epitome of comfort and modern living in this brand-new, exquisite 2-story Music City house, perfect for hosting families and large groups. With its clean white aesthetics accented by warm wood touches, this home is a true retreat! Offering 4 bedrooms and multiple beds and sofas in the living area, the accommodation comfortably sleeps your entire crew!

The house features 3 full bathrooms, ensuring convenience for all guests. A brand new washer and dryer setup in the dedicated laundry area adds to the home's practicality. The bedrooms are thoughtfully designed with high-quality beds and ample storage space for personal belongings.

Key Features that define your exceptional experience include:

✦ Equipped Modern Kitchen: Prepare delicious meals with ease using the high-end appliances provided.
✦ Expansive Backyard: The huge backyard beckons, complete with outdoor seating, a firepit, and a grill for unforgettable gatherings.
✦ Parking Made Easy: Your vehicles will be safe and sound in the driveway.
✦ Prime Location: Less than a 10-minute drive to Downtown and Broadway Nashville, you're right in the heart of the action.
✦ Professionally Designed: The house boasts a professionally designed interior, combining style and comfort seamlessly.
✦ Luxury Amenities: Multiple luxury amenities elevate your stay to the next level.
✦ Entertainment Galore: With a total of 6 TVs at your disposal, there's no shortage of entertainment options. Everyone can watch what they love without compromise.
✦ Ideal for Families/Large Groups: With its generous sleeping arrangements and spacious common areas, this home welcomes families and big groups.
✦ Ample Sleeping Space: A total of 7 beds ensure that everyone has a comfortable night's sleep.
✦ Children's Paradise: Immerse your little ones in a world of joy with an assortment of books and toys.
✦ Stay Connected: Benefit from high-speed WIFI throughout the property.
✦ Convenience at Your Fingertips: Bid farewell to the hassle of off-site laundromats. Our property is equipped with its very own washer and dryer, ensuring that fresh laundry is at your fingertips whenever you need it. Laundry soap, readily available to make your laundry experience as smooth as possible.
✦ Wake Up to Coffee: Start your mornings right with complimentary coffee.
✦ Security Matters: The home is outfitted with a security system and outdoor cameras at both entrances, ensuring your safety and peace of mind.

Discover restful evenings through carefully designed sleeping arrangements:

✦ Bedroom 1 - Indulge in a peaceful night's sleep on the luxurious Queen bed in the elegant first bedroom
✦ Bedroom 2 - Accommodate friends or family members with ease, thanks to the two comfortable Queen beds in the second bedroom.
✦ Bedroom 3 - Experience the utmost comfort in the third bedroom boasting a lavish King bed.
✦ Bedroom 4 - A haven for the younger members of your group, this room offers a playful setup with a Twin bed, a convenient Twin trundle, and a Toddler bed, catering to various needs.
✦ Living Room - The inviting living room doubles as a sleeping space, courtesy of a cozy Sofa bed

Convenient parking solutions for your comfort: 

✦ Ample driveway parking: The generously sized driveway ensures that everyone has a dedicated parking spot without any stress.

Effortlessly navigate the city, all made possible by the convenient distances to nearby attractions:

𖡡 Downtown Nashville - 7.5 miles 
𖡡 Broadway Nashville - 5.2 miles
𖡡 The Gulch - 4.8 miles
𖡡 Music City Center - 4.5 miles
𖡡 Nissan Stadium - 5.2 miles
𖡡 Bridgestone Arena - 4.6 miles
𖡡 Gaylord Opryland Resort - 11.5 miles
𖡡 Vanderbilt University - 5.7 miles
𖡡 Belmont University - 4.6 miles
𖡡 Nashville International Airport - 8.5 miles

While we aim for you to have an enjoyable experience, please keep in mind:

▸ No parties or events are permitted for guests not included in your reservation. 
▸ Please familiarize yourself with our house rules to help maintain a peaceful and harmonious stay.

Whether you're exploring the vibrant city of Nashville or simply unwinding in the comfort of this thoughtfully designed home, your stay here promises an unforgettable experience!

♫ Book now and make this exquisite space your home away from home! ♫

Guest access
Throughout your stay, you'll have the entire home (not including the garage) exclusively to yourself, offering a personalized and private experience. From the minute you arrive, the space becomes yours to discover, unwind, and create cherished memories. With no shared spaces or interruptions, you're free to completely relax and fully relish the comfort of having the entire home at your disposal!

Other things to note
▸The garage is not available for guests' use.
▸ All locals must send an 'inquiry' first using the 'Contact Host' option on the booking page to state the purpose of your visit, so we can check to see if we would be able to accommodate your stay; otherwise, we reserve the right to cancel any confirmed reservation made without our approval.

There is a rental agreement that needs to be signed after each booking is confirmed. It will be sent over immediately after booking and can be signed digitally.

Registration Details
2023068040

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Julian
Host User ID: 88959664
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88959664
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello, I'm Julian!
I was born and raised here in Nashville. While Nashville has changed a lot over the years, my love for this great city has remained constant! I enjoy traveling, exercising, reading, movies, and spending time with my wife and dogs. I began my hosting career with just one personal property and I quickly fell in love with it & decided to pursue a career in it! I haven't looked back since and have loved the ride!

-Julian
Born in the 90s
My work: Carebnb Properties
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4600 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting