URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1345123696721585449
Latitude: 36.1782
Longitude: -86.7562
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 12
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
New Listing Alert!

Come stay at our newest chic east Nashville home perfect for large groups!

The space
Welcome to Your Stylish East Nashville Escape!

This spacious 4-bedroom home offers the perfect blend of comfort, style, and convenience, all in the heart of the vibrant East Nashville neighborhood. Whether you’re planning a family reunion, a getaway with friends, or a fun group trip, this home has everything you need to relax and enjoy your stay.

Key Features:
	•	4 Comfortable Bedrooms: Sleep up to 16 guests with ease! Each bedroom is thoughtfully designed with plush bedding, ample closet space, and modern decor to create a cozy and restful environment.
	•	Private Rooftop: Take in breathtaking views of the Nashville skyline from your own private rooftop. It’s the ideal spot for morning coffee, evening cocktails, or simply relaxing in the fresh air. 
	•	Spacious Living Areas: The open-concept living and dining spaces are perfect for socializing, whether you’re cooking in the fully-equipped kitchen, lounging in the cozy living room, or gathering around the dining table.
	•	Modern Amenities: Enjoy all the modern conveniences, including high-speed WiFi, smart TVs, central heating and air, and a fully stocked kitchen with all the tools you’ll need to create your favorite meals.
	•	Prime Location: Situated in the trendy East Nashville area, you’re just minutes away from the best local restaurants, bars, and shops. Plus, downtown Nashville and popular attractions are a short drive away!

Whether you’re here for the music, the food, or just to enjoy the vibe, this home offers the perfect space for groups looking to experience the best of Nashville in style. Book now and get ready to make unforgettable memories!

 This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Hope you enjoy your stay in Nashville!

Guest access
Entire home

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19408 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting