URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1595796878905475971
Latitude: 36.1545
Longitude: -86.7758
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Music City at this stylish Johnny Cash-themed apartment inside of Sentral Sobro. Just steps away from Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and top dining, this clean and modern space is designed for comfort and efficiency. Sleep up to 4 with a private queen bedroom and a queen sleeper sofa. Featuring multiple makeup vanities, a sleek kitchenette, and premium building amenities, it’s perfect for couples, business travelers or weekend getaways.

Air Bnb Permit #T2022050203

The space
Welcome to your stylish one-bedroom retreat at The Sentral SoBro, perfectly located at the corner of 6th and Peabody in downtown Nashville. This bright, modern unit offers stunning views of the Nashville skyline, including the iconic convention center, from your living room windows.

The unit features a comfortable queen bed in the bedroom and a queen pull-out sofa in the living area, making it perfect for couples or small groups. The open-concept living space is thoughtfully designed with modern furnishings, a dining area, and plenty of natural light.

The kitchen is fully equipped with brand-new appliances, including:
	•	Refrigerator
	•	Oven and stovetop
	•	Microwave
	•	Dishwasher
	•	Coffee maker
	•	Toaster
	•	All essential cookware, utensils, and dish ware

The unit also offers a washer and dryer for your convenience with complimentary detergent pods & dryer sheets. High-speed Wi-Fi and a smart TV in the living room ensure entertainment and connectivity throughout your stay.

The location puts you steps from the best of Broadway, including restaurants, music venues, and attractions, making it the perfect home base to experience Nashville.

    📍Location Highlights 
        •.     7-min walk → Convention Center
	•	8-min walk → Bridgestone Arena
	•	8-min walk → Broadway Strip
	•	10-min walk → The Ryman Auditorium
	•	10-min walk → Fifth + Broadway dining &        
 Shops
	•	4-min drive → Ascend Amphitheatre
	•	5-min drive → Nissan Stadium
	•	10-min drive → Nashville Airport (BNA)

Stay steps from Music City’s biggest attractions and live like The Man in Black while exploring downtown!

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire unit, including the bedroom, living room, kitchen and dining area, bathroom, closet and laundry. The only area off limits is the owners closet that is locked with a code by the entry. 

The building offers several amenities for guests to enjoy at no additional cost, including fitness center, outdoor swimming pool, community lounge, conference rooms, BBQ and grilling area, fire pit and outdoor terrace, bi-cycle storage and rental access as well as optional parking garage.

Please Note: We do our best to ensure all amenities are in working order, but sometimes things like the pool, elevators, Wi-Fi, or appliances may experience temporary issues. If this happens, we’ll work quickly to fix it, but we aren’t able to offer refunds for amenities that become unavailable during your stay.

Other things to note
🚗 Parking 

Secure garage parking is available in the building for an additional $25/night. Please contact the host if you’d like to add parking to your stay.

If added, detailed parking instructions will be sent to you prior to arrival.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Cole & Taylor
Host User ID: 107288344
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/107288344
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, we’re Cole & Taylor! We manage several rental properties and are excited to welcome guests to our first short-term Airbnb in Nashville. Taylor will handle most of the messaging and is quick to respond. We take pride in keeping our space clean, comfortable, and well stocked to ensure an exceptional experience. Whether it’s your first visit to Music City or a return trip, we’re here to make your stay smooth, stress-free, and memorable.
Lives in Chattanooga, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 months hosting
30 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
8 months of hosting