URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/22814784
Latitude: 36.327
Longitude: -86.6882
rental_type: Entire guest suite
property_type: PRIVATE_SUITE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Goodlettsville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This quaint little home is settled perfectly in the sweet town of Goodlettsville,TN. Our neighborhood is safe and quiet, yet convenient to so much!  A fantastic park with a lighted trail is only one block away or stroll down main street for local shops.  Get the small town, country feel, while having close access to all things Nashville! We are located nearly 2 mi from the interstate(65), 12mi to Downtown Nashville, 20mi to BNA(airport), less than 10mi to Hendersonville and Whites Creek!

The space
We are nestled just 2 miles from Interstate 65!  There is a variety of places to eat, shop, and play within a small radius!  A local coffee shop, the best meat and three, and notorious antique district are about 3 miles away!  The lake is on the opposing direction about 5 min from our place!
This cozy and spacious apartment is 450 sq.ft., perfect for 1 or 2! The entrance is only a few steps away from your spacious parking spot in the driveway.  There are no steps at all!  
  At night, a motion sensored light will come on to help you to the door.
Your private entry leads to a spacious, cozy living room with a large couch, a love seat, and electric fireplace and are T.V.  The bedroom and kitchen sit off from the living room.  
  The bedroom has a new(recent upgrade) queen size, gel foam mattress, night stand for unpacking, a full closet with hangers, an iron, luggage rack!  The room has a floor fan, as well as, a ceiling fan.  The most beautiful sunsets can be watched from the bedroom window!  Next, a full bathroom/shower with a rain water shower head (great water pressure), equipped with a first aid kit, most necessities, hair dryer, clean towels, razors, and wash rags and more underneath the sink!
  The complete kitchen offers a full stove/oven, full fridge (with most condiments)/freezer (& automatic ice maker)  Theres also a microwave, coffee maker/coffee bar with teas, sugar, creamer and stocked with dishes and utensils!   We also have mini appliances, a toaster and a blender!  The table for two can be extended easily, and you can enjoy this nook while listening to the radio on an old mini jukebox! 
  Publix, Kroger & Walgreens are 1/2 mile away!  (Publix delivers groceries to the door, as do several restaurants)

Guest access
You'll be able to access a great sitting area, right by the door of your private entry when you want to enjoy the outdoors & wildlife.  The deer and rabbits are always cutting thru the yard! 
  There are several other sitting areas if you choose to venture into the yard.
  If you are a smoker, we will provide an ash tray for outside smoking only.  (Smoking inside will result in additional service/cleaning fees as the vents are shared with the entire house including my kids' rooms.)
  This is your home away from home!  We live on the other side completely private apart from your space.  The apartment was originally a large garage that has been converted to a 450 sq.ft. suite!

Other things to note
We are 12 miles from downtown.  (Our place is just 2 miles from Interstate 65, and another 10 miles straight down 65 South).     Depending  on traffic, you can easily get downtown in 15 min.  
  Also, we do have a large, outside dog.  He's a beautiful 7 year old, Great Pyranees.  He loves meeting new people and super friendly.  However, if you do not want him to greet you, please let me know.  I will not be offended at all.  We will be put up if you do not wish to meet him.  Also, he is not allowed inside the apartment.
  Please turn off electric fireplace and/or wall unit every time you leave the apartment. Thank you!!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Angela
Host User ID: 88400825
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/88400825
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I have a degree in tourism and hospitality. Im a wife to a hospitality specialists in Nashville. 
 AirBnb has been a true blessing, and we're thankful for such a great history of fantastic guests!  This space has allowed us to meet some great people from all over the world!
we're Nashville Natives.  This space is quaint, country, yet convenient!
  We are here if you need us for anything, at any time!  We want you to feel welcomed in and comfy right away and throughout your entire stay.
My work: Dental Hygiene
Most useless skill: They're all useful!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
484 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting