URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/660808895374366564
Latitude: 36.13
Longitude: -86.7964
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 9
beds: 16
occupancy: 16
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
3 Homes, 5,800 SqFt! Bring the whole crew to this spacious property with lots of room for fun and hosting up to 25+ guests! Stunning, Historic home w/attached New Duplex— just steps from Belmont Blvd. Huge bedrooms with tall ceilings and custom-tiled baths. 3 Chef's Kitchens. All updated furniture and appliances. Walking distance to 12 South, Hillsboro Village, coffee shops, restaurants and boutiques. Hot tub on private deck. See my host profile to see each individual listing for more reviews!

The space
Experience three spacious, chic homes in the heart of Nashville, just a short walk from popular shops and restaurants! Thoughtfully remodeled with attention to every detail, these homes offer the perfect setting for large groups to come together, relax, and make lasting memories. With oversized bedrooms, mostly ensuite bathrooms, and 3 gourmet kitchens, you'll have everything you need for a comfortable and memorable stay. Step out and explore — you’re within walking distance of Belmont University, Hillsboro Village, and 12 South, and just a quick ride to Music Row, Broadway, and Nashville’s best hotspots. After exploring the city, unwind in the hot tub!

THE SPACE:

Remodeled Historic home with TWO adjacent newly built townhomes. New furniture, linens, kitchen items, accessories, etc! Beautiful open floor plan that is a great place to hang out & relax between all of your Nashville festivities. Very clean & highly maintained. 3 Gourmet Kitchens with Stainless Steel Appliances. 

Main House (Unit A) - Sleeps 12 guests
First Floor: Open Living Area + Kitchen with Large Island 
Master: King bedroom with en-suite full bathroom
Second: King bedroom with en-suite full bathroom and private balcony with Hot Tub

Upstairs:
Flex Room: 1 King bed (Has its own private door) 
3rd Bedroom: 2 Queen beds and 2 Twin beds
4th Bedroom:  2 King beds with ensuite full Bathroom
Hallway: Full bathroom with walk-in shower

Unit B - Sleeps 8 guests
First Floor: Living Area & Open Kitchen with Island Seating, Half Bath

Second Floor:
Bedroom 1: King bedroom with en-suite full bathroom
Bedroom 2: Queen bedroom with en-suite full bathroom

Third Floor:
Third Bedroom: 2 Queen beds with en-suite full bathroom

Unit C - Sleeps 6 guests
First Floor: Living Area & Open Kitchen with Island Seating, Half Bath

Second Floor:
Bedroom 1: King bed with en-suite full bathroom

Third Floor:
Bedroom 2: 2 Queen beds with en-suite full bathroom

Little Extras: 
• Toiletries (Shampoo, Conditioner, Body Wash, etc) & hair dryers provided in every bathroom 
  - SEE full amenity list below!
• Dedicated Parking for 4-5 vehicles (additional street parking) 
• 3 Sets of Washer/Dryers
• Smart TVs in all rooms
• Backlit mirrors in bathrooms
• Tons of Natural Light and Extra Mirrors
• Luggage Racks & Hanging Space in All Rooms 
• Light snacks
• Local coffee beans, assorted teas, filters, creamer, and grinder provided

This property offers everything you need to make your Nashville experience unforgettable, from spacious, modern rooms to a prime location in the heart of it all. Whether you're here for fun or business, we're happy to help you make the most of your stay. Our concierge team is ready to assist with any special requests or to help you explore the best of what Nashville has to offer. Let us know how we can help!

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire house, except for locked closets for cleaners.

Other things to note
DISCLAIMER:
- Exceeding the maximum allotted guest count puts us at risk of losing our short-term rental permit. Please confirm with us first if you are planning on having additional guests (outside of your confirmed guest count) at our house. 
- Please know we do not allow our property to be used as a "home base" for parties, events, or visitors outside of your confirmed guest count to come & go. 
- Upon confirming your booking, you are subject to our House Rules, which includes this disclaimer.
- Our hot tub is serviced on a weekly basis and may occur during your stay. Our service tech must enter the house to service the hot tub on the rear deck (which is accessible from either the back staircase or the rear bedroom), so guests must agree (prior to booking) to allow them in to service the hot tub to keep it maintained. They will ring the bell!

**There is an additional fee for guests wanting to book my property for filming and/or photography. 

** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!

**HOT TUB RULES:
In order to keep Hot Tub from malfunctioning, please agree to this before booking. Otherwise you will incur a fee
1 - Keep lid on when not in use
2 - Keep temp 96-98
3 - Do not turn off breaker 
**PLEASE NOTE: Please remove any snow/ice/debris from the cover of the hot tub before attempting to open! Failure will do so may result in damages.

**Guests who stay 3 weeks or longer will incur an additional cleaning fee. This is NOT included in the pricing you see but will be an additional add-on fee!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 341547444
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/341547444
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Growing up in Nebraska I'm a Cornhusker through and through.  However Nashville has adopted me and it really is my home now!  I've been here for over 8 years and absolutely love this place.  There’s nowhere quite like Nashville.

I truly hope your time here in our wonderful city is special.  There's something here for everyone!  Please take this time to unwind, enjoy yourself and explore everything Nashville has to offer!

Thank you for staying in my unique little piece of history here in the city.  We've tried to make our home cozy and comfortable yet stylish and fun at the same time.  We hope you enjoy it as much as we do! 

Cheers,

Dave
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
963 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting