URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1592190424026248618
Latitude: 36.1969
Longitude: -86.82935
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 27
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Two rooftops. Two hot tubs. Two game rooms. 27 beds. One unforgettable stay.

If your group is looking for a place that actually lives up to the hype, you’ve found it.

Welcome to The Maddox + The Mercer by Elevay & Co. — a rare, side-by-side pairing of two luxury four-story townhomes designed to host big moments without ever feeling crowded. This isn’t just where everyone sleeps. This is where stories start, inside jokes are born, and the group chat never shuts up afterward.

The space
Together, these two homes give your crew 8 bedrooms, 8 bathrooms, 27 beds, multiple living spaces, two private game rooms, and dual rooftop lounges with 2 hot tubs and skyline views. Mornings stretch out slower here. Nights go later. And somehow, everyone still has their own space.

This is how groups actually want to travel.

Picture coffee brewing in two fully stocked coffee bars while half the group drifts onto the rooftops to catch the sunrise. Afternoons turn into friendly competition in the game rooms. Evenings start with rooftop cocktails, city lights flickering on below, before a quick Uber drops you straight into the energy of Broadway. And when the night winds down, nobody’s fighting over beds — there are plenty to go around.

Every detail was intentional.
The layout flows so large groups can move easily without bottlenecks. Natural light fills the homes during the day, while blackout curtains make sleeping in effortless. Multiple gathering spaces mean the party can spread out — or come together — whenever you want.

What groups love most about booking the full Maddox + Mercer experience:
-Two private rooftops with hot tubs and east-facing skyline views
-Space for everyone to sleep comfortably — no air mattress roulette
-Separate game rooms that keep the energy high without crowding
-Coffee setups that make mornings feel civilized, even after late nights
-Quick rides to Broadway and downtown without the chaos of staying right on top of it
-Parking included and thoughtful touches that make large-group travel smoother
-This is the kind of place that makes planning easy and hosting effortless. The one where the organizer looks like a hero. The one friends ask about before the trip even ends.

If you’re celebrating something big — or just want the trip everyone talks about — this is the backdrop your group deserves.

It's important to note, this listing is two attached townhomes. So there's double of everything... two kitchens, two rooftops, two game rooms, and tons of space. 

🛏️ The Maddox Sleeping Arrangements (12 beds total)
Bedroom 1 (2nd Floor - Kitchen & Living Room): 2 Full Beds with 2 Twins over
Bedroom 2 (3rd Floor): 2 Queens side by side
Bedroom 3 (3rd Floor): 2 Queens (1 set of custom bunks)
Bedroom 4 (4th floor w/ rooftop): 4 Queens (2 sets of custom bunks)
4 bathrooms total, with a half bath off the kitchen.

🛏️ The Mercer Sleeping Arrangements (15 beds total)
Bedroom 1 (2nd Floor - Kitchen & Living Room): 2 Full Beds with 2 Twins over
Bedroom 2 (3rd Floor): 1 King
Bedroom 3 (3rd Floor): 6 twins (2 sets of 3x bunks)
Bedroom 4 (4th floor w/ rooftop): 2 Full Beds with 2 Twins over
4 bathrooms total, with a half bath off the kitchen.

☕ Eat, Sip & Unwind
Mornings at The Maddox & The Mercer start at the coffee bar of your dreams. Whether you're an early riser or recovering from a night on Broadway, you’ll find everything you need to fuel your day. Offering both options for either Drip or Keurig brewers, with creamers, sugar, and all the fixings. It's your own personal cafe!

Enjoy meals at the bistro tables or take it to the rooftop, where you can eat with skyline views and watch the sunrise. After dinner? Enjoy our private hot tub while star gazing and observing the entire Nashville Skyline, challenge the crew to a game of Billiards in the garage, or unwind with a movie in the living room. This home has something for everyone.

🏙️ Location Highlights:
🛻 12 min to Broadway’s honky-tonks & nightlife
🍴 12 min to Germantown’s restaurants & shops
🏈 13 min to Titans Stadium & TopGolf
🛍️ 15 min to 12 South
✈️ 20 min to BNA Airport
🎶 22 min to Grand Ole Opry
You’ll be in the perfect spot to explore — without the chaos of being in the middle of it all.

🚗 Parking
4 private spots on the parking pad in front of the house & additional open parking spots. Well-lit & easy access — no parallel parking nightmares.

NO LOCALS ARE ALLOWED TO BOOK!

This is two attached homes. Each home can have 12 people, with a maximum occupancy of 24 for both homes combined.

Guest access
Guests will have access to both townhomes, including the rooftop lounge kitchen, living areas, bedrooms, and bathrooms. This listing is for 2 separate attached homes.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

Hot Tub: Use of the hot tub is at your own risk. Please shower before use, do not use glass in or around the hot tub, and do not add soaps, oils, bubble bath, bath bombs, or any other substances to the water. Keep the cover closed when not in use. Guests may be charged for additional cleaning, water replacement, or repairs resulting from misuse or failure to follow these rules. Please do not hang any towels on the balcony.

STRP#2023012408 & #2023009652

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting