URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1077800953371225020
Latitude: 36.138
Longitude: -86.7776
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Private en-suite bedrooms, a rooftop lounge, and an unbeatable location make The Chorus at Lynwood Row the perfect Nashville getaway. Just 1.5 miles from Broadway, this stylish retreat features a rooftop patio with lounge seating, dining, and games, plus shuffleboard, a gourmet kitchen, and spacious gathering areas across three stories. Perfect for family vacations, group getaways, celebrations, and unforgettable Music City adventures. 🌆

The space
Things You’ll Love:
◆Centrally located in the heart of Nashville
◆ Rooftop with a cozy lounge, dining area, and a variety of games
◆ Fully equipped kitchen
◆ Smart TVs in every room with access to various streaming services
◆ Cozy living room with shuffleboard
◆ Shared parking pad located behind the home and plenty of street parking 
◆ Laundry room with washer + dryer
◆ Smart TVs in every room with access to various streaming services
◆ High speed Wi-Fi

Sleeping Arrangements:
First Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - Queen bed + Ensuite Bathroom
◆ Bedroom 2 - 2 sets of double bunk beds (4 double beds) + Ensuite Bathroom

Second Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 3 - Queen bed +  Connected bathroom 

Third Floor: 
◆ Bedroom 4 - King bed + Twin rollaway bed + Ensuite Bathroom

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Lynwood Row features four beautifully designed homes, conveniently located side by side. If you're hosting a large group and need extra space, consider booking multiple adjacent properties to accommodate your needs.

◆ The Acoustic - airbnb.com/h/theacousticnashville
◆ The Banjo - airbnb.com/h/thebanjonashville
◆ The Duet - airbnb.com/h/theduetnashville

Thank you for considering The Chorus for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Security: For your safety and the security of the property, this home is equipped with exterior security cameras and internal noise decibel monitors. These devices do not record conversations.

Please note: This home features three floors of interior living space, with the rooftop terrace located on the 4th floor. There are multiple flights of stairs throughout the home. The main living area and kitchen are located on the second floor, so guests should be comfortable navigating stairs during their stay.

Registration Details
2023097914

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5412 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting