URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1642872531407993271
Latitude: 36.2308
Longitude: -86.7867
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★The Cornish Classic★ is a beautifully renovated 3-bedroom, 2-bath brick ranch in North Nashville, comfortably sleeping up to 10 guests. Originally built in 1959, this home blends timeless charm with thoughtful modern updates. The home features a spacious backyard with a covered patio—perfect for relaxing or entertaining. Just north of the city center, you’ll be close to Nashville’s best attractions while still having a bit of space from the hustle and bustle.

The space
What We Love About ★The Cornish Classic ★…
- Classic 1959 brick ranch with modern updates
- Spacious renovated basement with extra sleeping options
- Large backyard with covered patio perfect for relaxing
- Full kitchen and kitchenette for flexible dining
- Convenient North Nashville location, close to downtown

Step into this classic 1959 brick ranch where modern updates meet timeless charm. On the main level, you’ll find two bedrooms and one bathroom. The primary bedroom features a king bed, while the second bedroom offers a full bed. The bathroom on this level includes a single vanity and a shower/tub combo. The main level also hosts a full kitchen, dining area, and living space, perfect for entertaining. Outside, the large backyard and covered patio offer plenty of room to relax or gather with friends and family.

Downstairs, the renovated basement features a comfortable bedroom with a full bed, an additional bathroom with a single vanity and walk-in shower, and a flexible living area with a twin-over-twin trundle and full futon—perfect for extra guests. A convenient kitchenette and in-unit laundry add extra functionality, making the space ideal for extended stays or multi-generational trips. 

With modern updates throughout, from stylish finishes to cozy living spaces, The Cornish Classic balances comfort and functionality while preserving its original mid-century charm.

Located in North Nashville, you’ll enjoy a neighborhood that is close enough to downtown to access all the music, food, and culture Nashville is famous for, yet far enough to enjoy a quieter, residential feel. Explore nearby cafes, restaurants, and local shops, or take a short drive to iconic attractions like Broadway, the Country Music Hall of Fame, and Centennial Park. Parks, live music venues, and local markets are all within easy reach, making this a true Nashville experience.

Book your stay at The Cornish Classic and experience the perfect mix of classic charm, modern comfort, and unbeatable North Nashville location!

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property.

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home. Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home. We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay. In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee. Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver. It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay. The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior. Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!). Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage. The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines.

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Fun fact: Been in multiple earthquakes together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23140 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting