URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1256764602056825442
Latitude: 36.2786
Longitude: -86.778
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to 'ROSIEOS Nashville'. 
Located 15min from downtown and east, you'll be able to enjoy all that Nashville has to offer while being able to retreat back into your own vintage hideaway. Rumoured to have been built by Elvis's producer in 1977,  I lovingly guided this house back to the right side of the 70s, retaining all of its incredible vintage features while breathing some new, chic life into it. 
Filled with treasures from a lifetime.
I cant wait to share my home with you. x

The space
ROSIEOS is fast becoming one of Nashvilles most loved houses/locations.  I opened my doors a year ago and since then, have hosted a vast number of creative shoots and have had many A list musicians sit down at the piano or by the fire place and serenade these walls. 

Imagine Graceland with a high end contemporary twist and you are getting close to my home. I have lovingly restored this place myself, from its 'shag carpeted',  'popcorned ceiling' roots and now want to share it with all.   Walking through the doors you will really feel like a guest at Elvis's new years eve party. So get ready to be transported to somewhere very special.  Every piece in this home has a story to tell.You will really get the feeling that, if these walls could talk...
...they would be doing so while holding a martini and dancing on a table. 
I cant wait to share my home with you.

-THE SPACE-
The main room is VAST (double height wood panelled ceilings) and is split into 2 halves - with a huge natural stone fire place in the middle.

To the left we have... 

-THE BAR/MUSIC ROOM-
Make a cocktail, put on a record, get behind the drum kit. This room is for late night conversations and dancing. Its for catching up with old friends over cold drinks, til dark blues turn to dusty pinks. 

Then to the right we have...

-THE LIVING SPACE-
Featuring huge C shaped sofa, where you can utilise the home cinema (all major streaming platforms). You can bask in the glory of the exposed brick and indoor jungle. Or,  just close your eyes and enjoy the sound of running water from the rockery fountain. 

The 8 foot sliding doors flood the space with natural light and slide into each other opening up the whole side of the room to the outside for that real indoor, outdoor dream feel. Sit on the sofa in the summer and listen to the crickets and watch the fire flies. 

- OUTDOORS - 
I am surrounded by woodland with the creek of "whites creek" at the bottom (don't get too excited, very small). Then closer to the house a vintage pebble dash area houses two seating areas and an outdoor bar. 

Off the living space we have...

-THE DINING ROOM-
Featuring a 10 person round table for all your eating/food content needs. Panelled (by me) with beautiful honey wood- which makes any dinner party a luxury experience. 

-THE KITCHEN-
 is a vintage dream in green. Live out your American sitcom fantasy's in the booth and enjoy the huge marble countertops that can support any culinary adventure. 
The kitchen is fully stocked with basics and anything you will need to bake or cook a feast for cozy or elegant nights in.

-LAUNDRY ROOM-
Washer and Dryer and everything that you will need to use them. 
Ironing board that folds out the wall (very 70s). 
There is also a sewing machine you are welcome to utilise.

-UPSTAIRS- 
After climbing the two flights of stairs (past the famous 'hat wall') to the top floor you'll really start to understand the space and how it feels like a little hotel. Mezzanine balcony runs all the way along the length of the house and each of the four bedrooms (and the office) doors are off it. 

-FOUR THEMED BEDROOMS -
 Each room has been made to have its own identity so each time you enter a new space you feel like you're entering a new immersive world. The master bedroom is the size of a large New York city apartment. 

-BATHROOMS-
Every bedroom has a connected private bathroom, that all have vintage features to die for.  Including a walk in tub surrounded by nicotine glass mirrors and Stanley Kubrick style mid century space pod showers. 

Each bathroom comes fully equipped with hair dryers, face towels, body towels, razors, lotion, shampoo, conditioner and body wash. 

-OFFICE/ MINI STUDIO/ WRITING ROOM-
The office space is equipped with everything you could need for your work needs. Including printer, stationary, desk and for the musicians there is high end speakers, an interface and a shure mic for you to use as you wish. 
Take a breath of fresh air or a phone call on the adjoining balcony if things get heated, 

This room also includes a sofa bed that can be used to make the office into a firth bedroom (though its vintage and not THE MOST comfortable thing you've slept on). 

- LOCATION - 
ROSIEOS is located on a private road so safety wise you are in THE BEST spot. The drive way will fit up to 10 cars (which should be more than enough for your guests) and then there is as much street parking as you could possibly need. 

Everything in my home is there to be enjoyed. The records to be spun, the instruments to be played and the drinks to be mixed.
I cant wait to share my magical home with you and for you to make some wonderful memories of your own.

All the loves
ROSIE 
X

Guest access
You have access to every part of the house except for the garage which is private. 
Every cupboard drawer and shelf is yours for the filling.

Other things to note
I want you to feel completely at home in my house.
So by the same token please treat my place with the same respect as you would your own home. Everything in here took a lifetime to collect and blood, sweat and a lot of tears went into the renovation.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Rosie
Host User ID: 304265863
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/304265863
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm Rosie. I am a London born (self proclaimed) Rock star who started my journey in the states in LA where I lived for 5 years. I bought my first home in Nashville 2 years ago that I renovated and have now opened the doors to all to enjoy. 
I love traveling and experiencing a place through someone else's home.
Where I went to school: Queens college London
My work: Music
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
27 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting