URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1542806005064859608
Latitude: 36.1459254402666
Longitude: -86.81666950189833
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
- Rhythm Haus by AvantStay
- Modern condo in Midtown near Broadway & The Gulch
- Open-concept living + private balcony w/ skyline views
- Sleek kitchen w/ island seating & high-end appliances
- King suite + twin room + pullout sofa (sleeps 6)
- Access to resort-style pool, firepit & sundeck

The space
Welcome to Rhythm Haus by AvantStay!

Soaring above the heart of Midtown Nashville, Rhythm Haus is a contemporary retreat that perfectly blends urban energy with elevated comfort. Just minutes from the city’s legendary music venues, upscale dining, and the vibrant nightlife of Broadway and The Gulch, this stylish condo places you close to everything while offering a serene space to unwind between adventures.

Step inside to discover a bright, open-concept living area where floor-to-ceiling windows flood the space with natural light. A sleek kitchen with quartz countertops, high-end appliances, and an island with seating for four makes cooking effortless—whether you’re whipping up breakfast before exploring the city or enjoying a late-night snack after a show. The adjoining living room invites relaxation with plush seating, a large smart TV, and access to a private balcony overlooking the cityscape.

The primary suite offers a peaceful escape with a king bed, ensuite bathroom, and modern finishes. A second bedroom with two twin beds ensures space for everyone, while the living room’s full-size pullout sofa adds flexibility for extra guests. Both bathrooms feature contemporary tile, spacious vanities, and walk-in showers for a spa-like experience.

When you’re not out discovering Nashville’s live music and local eats, head downstairs to the community’s resort-style pool, sun deck, or firepit lounge—perfect for golden-hour gatherings with skyline views.

Whether you’re here for a weekend getaway, work trip, or concert-filled escape, Rhythm Haus is your gateway to the best of Music City—where design, comfort, and location strike the perfect harmony.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note: Rhythm Haus is unit #301. 
- Please note: pool is open all year round, but depending on extreme weather conditions, pool may close. Hours of operation are from 8AM - 8PM.
- Due to ongoing development in the area, you may experience nearby construction noise during your stay.
- There is a sleeper sofa in the living room.
- A pack n' play travel crib and high chair can be provided upon request with at least 24hrs advanced notice.

Parking Details:
- Parking is provided on a first-come, first-serve basis in the top-floor parking garage. No reserved parking. Guests can park in any spot that is not marked reserved. No parking pass required.
- Additional street parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

Registration Details
2023056083

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting