URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/5970743
Latitude: 36.155
Longitude: -86.7704
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Walk to Broadway and park TWO cars free—a rare downtown perk!

This fun Taylor Swift and Dolly Parton–themed 2-bedroom features:

• 1 king, 2 queens and a queen sleeper sofa
• Private balcony
• Swinging chair and Insta wall
• Easy check-in
• Free coffee, K-Cups, oatmeal and toiletries

Music City Center: 4 blocks
Bridgestone Arena: 6 blocks
Ryman and Nissan Stadium: 8 blocks

Please note: The bathroom is accessed through one bedroom.

The space
Downtown Condo! 4 blocks to Broadway! Free Parking! Huge Balcony! 

We pride ourselves on providing a clean home for our guests. We hire cleaners that not only work hard but are friends of ours. They treat the property as their own and we pay them well, resulting in a slightly higher cleaning fee. It goes back to them, not some major company paying their workers minimum wage. We also give bonuses to our cleaners when guests leave feedback stating how clean the home is, which happens often. If during your stay, anything isn’t up to your standard please let us know and we will address it immediately. 

Note the one restroom is through the bedroom! (We see this on our comments occasionally as a negative but are clear on our listing and want you to be aware!)  

Big Nashville events include NF, NHL, any concert at the Ryman, CMA Fest, NFL Draft, Grande Ole Opry, Country Music Hall of Fame, George Jones Museum, Johnny Cash Museum, Patsy Cline Museum, Musician's Hall of Fame, events at the Omni, JW Marriott, Music City Center, Nissan Stadium, Ascend Ampitheatre, and Bridgestone Arena

Guest access
Guests may use the community grill, the green space and the parking! Check out the pools at Pinewood Social: It’s a farm to table bar/restaurant only two blocks away and has two outdoor pools, a bowling alley, and bocce ball. You can get bar service while you enjoy their pools and overlook our gorgeous skyline!!

Other things to note
This is a city condo, there are trains, traffic noise, construction, sirens, etc. We provide essentials and ear plugs for light sleepers. There is a firehall on the other side of 2nd Ave so sirens can be heard at all times of day. 

Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends, if you think you may need early checkin or late checkout please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. We try to accommodate all requests but early checkin/late checkouts are sometimes impossible and create added pressure for our hardworking cleaners especially in our larger homes. Our weekday pricing is drastically lower than our weekend pricing due to demand so adding a night may be well worth it! :) On the same note, if you’re interested in our properties book it as soon as possible, we can’t hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted a home that is no longer available.
Crib is a Pack 'n Play

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jessica Joy Tammaro
Host User ID: 30995912
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/30995912
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We’re passionate hosts who love creating memorable experiences for you. As frequent travelers ourselves, we know the value of seamless communication, personalized recommendations, and thoughtful attention to detail. From the moment you book, we’re here to make sure your stay is stress-free & enjoyable. Whether it’s answering questions, sharing local tips, or ensuring every detail is just right, we’re committed to making your trip unforgettable!
My work: EXP Realty
Most useless skill: I have Blockbuster's phone # memorized
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
4534 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting