URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1395663222425943335
Latitude: 36.1459
Longitude: -86.8133
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in this charming 3-bedroom, 3-bath apartment, ideally located near Vanderbilt, and just steps from the iconic Parthenon and Centennial Park in the heart of Nashville. Walkable to everything you need!
STRP#2024.069.347

The space
Stylish 3BR Getaway Near Vanderbilt & Centennial Park | Walkable, Central, & Comfortable

Experience the perfect mix of comfort and convenience in this spacious 3-bedroom, 3-bath apartment, ideally situated near Vanderbilt University—just steps from the iconic Parthenon and the lush green space of Centennial Park. Surrounded by local restaurants, cafés, music venues, Nightclubs (Perfect for folks who want to be in the heart of one of Nashville's most vibrant neighbourhoods), and shops, you’ll be right in the heart of one of Nashville’s most walkable and vibrant neighborhoods.

Thoughtfully designed with a cozy, welcoming feel, this home offers a peaceful retreat after a day exploring Music City. While there is no separate living room, the open-concept kitchen and dining area serves as the main gathering space—perfect for sharing meals and unwinding together.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements:
Bedroom 1: King-size bed, TV, ensuite bathroom with shower

Bedroom 2: Queen-size bed with twin day bed, TV, ceiling fan, ensuite bathroom with shower

Bedroom 3: 2 Full-size beds, TV, desk & ensuite bathroom with shower

Each bedroom is outfitted with plush bedding, stylish decor, and ample storage, ensuring a restful and comfortable stay for everyone.

📍 Location & Accessibility:

🌳 Just steps from the iconic Parthenon and the lush greenery of Centennial Park, this home places you in the heart of one of Nashville’s most walkable and vibrant neighborhoods. You’ll be surrounded by a lively mix of local restaurants, charming cafés, music venues, boutique shops, and energetic nightclubs—offering an authentic taste of the city’s famed nightlife and culture.

Please note: Due to the proximity of nearby nightclubs and late-night venues, guests may experience some nighttime noise. To help create a more restful environment, we’ve thoughtfully installed white noise machines to minimize any outdoor sounds and ensure a more comfortable stay.

🎶 You're just minutes from Broadway’s legendary honky-tonks, The Gulch, Midtown, and Music Row.

🚪Entrance: Located at the back of the building. If dropped off in front, simply walk through the parking lot to reach the rear entry. The unit is on the third floor—please note there are two flights of stairs to access it.

🚗 Parking:
Shared parking lot behind the building (first-come, first-served)

📍 Location & Accessibility:
🌳 Step outside and discover one of Nashville’s most walkable and picturesque neighborhoods. Enjoy a morning stroll through Centennial Park, take in the full-scale replica of the Parthenon, or grab a bite at one of the nearby restaurants, cafés, music venues, Nightclubs(Due to this you may experience some nightime noise)
🎶 You're just a quick drive to Broadway’s iconic honky-tonks, The Gulch, Midtown, and Music Row.

Ample free street parking nearby

🧼 Starter Amenities Provided:
We provide a basic starter set of essentials for your stay:
✔ 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
✔ 2 rolls of paper towels
✔ 1 cleaning sponge
✔ A few K-cups or a small bag of ground coffee

Please note: Due to the proximity of nearby nightclubs and late-night venues, guests may experience some nighttime noise. To help create a more restful environment, we’ve thoughtfully installed white noise machines to minimize any outdoor sounds and ensure a more comfortable stay.

Whether you're visiting for business, a family trip, or a weekend escape, this well-located and thoughtfully appointed apartment is the perfect home base for your Nashville adventure.

Guest access
🚪Entrance: Located at the back of the building. If dropped off in front, simply walk through the parking lot to reach the rear entry. The unit is on the third floor—please note there are two flights of stairs to access it.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
2024069347

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mike
Host User ID: 152189800
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/152189800
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
5 months hosting