URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1676102034543032582
Latitude: 36.18022
Longitude: -86.80602
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 7
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Two homes. 8 bedrooms. 16 beds. Double the space. One unforgettable stay. 

6 minutes to Broadway. Rooftop lounge with karaoke, stage, and games. Designed for group trips that actually feel effortless.

Welcome to The Remington + The Reverie by Elevay & Co. — two side-by-side attached homes built for groups who want to stay together without sacrificing space, comfort, or style.

The space
Whether you're planning a birthday, bachelorette, or a weekend in Nashville, this setup gives you the best of both worlds: shared moments + private space.

✨ What You’ll Love

Imagine being just minutes from Broadway and downtown—close enough to enjoy the energy, but with your own private space to come back to.

Start your mornings slow with coffee and natural light, spread across two beautifully designed homes. Spend your days exploring Nashville, and come back to a setup that’s ready for your group.

As the night begins, the rooftop lounge becomes the highlight—karaoke, drinks, laughter, and your own stage to keep the night going without ever leaving home.

This is more than just a place to stay—it’s where your trip actually comes together.

✨ Why Groups Love This Stay

• Two side-by-side homes — stay together without feeling crowded
• Rooftop lounge with karaoke, stage, and games
• Spacious multi-level layouts designed for group flow
• Multiple living areas + large kitchens for gathering
• Coffee bars (drip + Keurig) in both homes
• 6 minutes to Broadway, downtown, and top restaurants & nightlife
• Early check-in & late check-out available when possible

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (8 Bedrooms, 8 Bathrooms)

Built for comfort, flexibility, and real group capacity.

Unit A (The Reverie):
• Bedroom 1: King Bed
• Bedroom 2: King Bed
• Bedroom 3: Two Full Beds
• Bedroom 4: Full Bed + Twin-over-Full Bunk

Unit B (The Remington):
• Bedroom 1: Two Full Beds
• Bedroom 2: Full Bed + Twin-over-Full Bunk
• Bedroom 3: Two Full Beds
• Bedroom 4: King Bed

👉 Total: 8 Bedrooms | 8 Bathrooms and 2 half | Multiple beds for large groups

No waiting, no overlap—everyone has space to recharge.

☕ Eat, Sip & Unwind

Start your mornings with coffee in either home, with everything you need to ease into the day.

Both kitchens are fully equipped for:

Group meals
Quick breakfasts
Pre-night-out drinks

As the day winds down, the rooftop naturally becomes the gathering place—open air, good energy, and the perfect setting to relax or keep the night going.

Location Highlights

• 6 min to Broadway (live music & nightlife)
• 3 min to Germantown dining & shops
• 8 min to Nissan Stadium & Topgolf
• 10 min to 12 South
• 14 min to BNA Airport
• 18 min to Grand Ole Opry

Perfectly located to explore Nashville while still having your own private retreat.

🚶 Nearby Favorites

• Sift Bakery – local baked goods
• Bag Lady’s Fry Joint – comfort food favorite
• The Loading Dock – laid-back brunch café
• Tio Fun – creative Mexican eats
• Slim & Husky’s – must-try local pizza

🚗 Parking

• Unit A: 2-car garage + 2 driveway spaces
• Unit B: 2 parking pad spaces (No garage access for this unit)

Guest access
Guests will have access to both entire townhomes, including the rooftop lounge, wet bar, kitchen, living areas, bedrooms, and bathrooms.

Don't forget that your host, Kirklyn, is also a local who's eager to help you find your next favorite restaurant in Nashville.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

STRP#2024055000and2024055009

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting