URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1582227021026000140
Latitude: 36.2078
Longitude: -86.7871
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your sophisticated Nashville retreat—where elevated design sets the tone. This one-of-a-kind 4BR/4.5BA home features high-end custom décor, curated art, and iconic Restoration Hardware lighting throughout. Unwind in the ultimate game room w/ pool & ping pong or relax in the private hot tub. Just minutes from downtown, it’s perfect for milestone celebrations and stylish group getaways.

The space
✔️ Rooftop Soak & Entertain
Your private rooftop retreat is designed for elevated downtime—complete with a spacious hot tub, fire pit lounge, outdoor dining, and full TV setup. Whether you’re hosting dinner or unwinding after a night out, this space delivers effortless luxury.

✔️ Curated Interiors
Thoughtfully designed with custom décor, classical instruments, designer lighting, and hand-selected artwork, the interiors feel intentional, refined, and distinctly Nashville.

✔️ Ultimate Game Room
A true standout for groups of all ages, the game room features multiple arcade games, a ping pong/pool combo table, and theater-style lounge seating—perfect for movie nights or game-day gatherings.

✔️ Comfort Meets Technology
Each bedroom is outfitted with premium linens and Smart TVs, offering a seamless blend of comfort and modern convenience throughout your stay.

✔️ Prime Location
Located less than 10 minutes from Broadway, Germantown, and The Gulch, you’re close to Nashville’s energy while enjoying a peaceful, upscale retreat.

🛏️ Property Layout
→ Entry Floor: Bedroom with 2 twin beds and ensuite bathroom, garage game room
→ 2nd Floor: Bedroom with 4 queen beds and an ensuite bathroom, kitchen, living room, dining space, half bath off kitchen
→ 3rd Floor: King Bedroom with ensuite, queen bedroom, hallway full bathroom
→ 4th Floor: Rooftop with hot tub

Each bedroom offers privacy, storage, Smart TVs, room-darkening curtains, and elevated finishes designed for rest and recharge.

🛁 Bathrooms
• 4 full ensuite bathrooms
• 1 additional half bath on the main level—ideal for groups

📍 Location Highlights (approximate, traffic dependent)
✳️ ~5-8 mins → Broadway, Germantown, Music City Center, Bridgestone Arena, The Ryman, The Gulch
✳️ ~15 mins → BNA Airport

✔️ Included Amenities
*Private rooftop with hot tub, fire pit, outdoor dining & TV

*Garage Game room with arcade games, ping pong, pool table & lounge seating

*Fully equipped chef’s kitchen

*Smart TVs throughout (bedrooms, living area & game room)

*In-unit laundry, fast Wi-Fi & central AC

*Complimentary parking (first come, first serve)

Starter essentials provided (paper goods, soap, coffee)

⭐ Whether you’re hosting friends, celebrating a milestone, or enjoying a quiet morning coffee, this home is designed to impress—refined, welcoming, and unmistakably Stay Nashville.

Guest access
You'll receive a personalized access code before check-in for smooth, keyless entry. This code will activate at 4pm day of check-in. 

During your stay, you’ll have full access to the entire home — all living spaces, bedrooms, the rooftop terrace, and the game room are yours to enjoy. Access will end promptly at check-out time.

Please note, no code will be given to the garage door for security purposes - guests must walk around the building to get to the front door to use their personal code.

Other things to note
CHECK-IN: 4:00 PM
CHECK-OUT: By 10:00 AM
Early check-in or late check-out may be available upon request, subject to availability and prior host approval. Additional fees apply, starting at $350. To accommodate scheduling with our cleaning and maintenance teams, requests must be made at least 3 days before check-in. Unfortunately, we are unable to accommodate last-minute requests, as our teams are scheduled in advance.

9 BEDS:
Please confirm total number of guests with us up front. All guests and visitors must be pre-approved in advance. No locals are allowed on our property.

NO LOCALS:
We do not rent to locals who live Nashville or who live within 60 miles. Please do not book our home if you are local or plan to have locals visiting. We reserve the right to cancel any reservation without refund of any local who books our home. Thank you! 

DOGS:
We happily welcome 1-2 well-behaved, house-trained adult dogs to stay in our home. We ask that all dogs be crated when left alone in our home, so please bring a crate with you. To ensure a smooth process, all dogs must be discussed and pre-approved by host within 24 hours of booking. Please be sure to add them to your reservation. $100 flat pet fee applies for up to two dogs. We regret to inform you that dogs under 1 year old, cats, or other animals are not allowed. Be please respectful and clean up after your dog(s) in our yard to avoid a fine. Any damage from pet will guests responsibility as an inspection will occur at check-out.

SECURITY:
There are multiple cameras located on the outside of the home. There is 1 camera by the front door and one camera near the garage. All of these record both sound and audio. There are absolutely no cameras inside the home. These are there for your safety and protection.

GUESTS WILL NEED TO USE STAIRS:
This 4-story home has many stairs. Guests will need to use stairs during their stay. We are happy to host children, but it's important to note that our home is not childproofed and has many stairs. Please supervise children at all times.

A lot of time, care, and money has been put into this home that we LOVE. We only want to have the best guests who will respect our property and neighbors. If you've made it this far on the listing and have questions, please send us an inquiry!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Dylan
Host User ID: 667320951
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/667320951
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lead Property Manager for Stay Nashville, LLC. 

A bit about me, I’m married to my beautiful wife Rylee and we have a daughter named Mabel. I’m passionate about my church, Holy Saints, CrossFit, and enjoying life to the fullest. I love to read, explore new ideas, and explore new places, especially when it means being outdoors. My faith is my foundation, and I strive to live for the Lord daily. Life’s a thrilling ride, and I’m here to embrace it all with gratitude!.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Lipscomb University
2 years hosting