URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1664690989926749959
Latitude: 36.13529
Longitude: -86.80294
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 24
beds: 60
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Belcourt by AvantStay. Modern units in the heart of Nashville's Hillsboro Village — steps from local favorites, minutes from downtown.

🏘️ 28 residences (studios, 1BR & 2BR) — full buyout sleeps 120
☀️ Shared outdoor terrace for relaxing or gathering
🍳 Full kitchen + in-unit laundry in every unit
🚶 Walkable to Pancake Pantry, Biscuit Love & more

The space
Welcome to Belcourt, AvantStay’s modern retreat in the heart of Nashville’s beloved Hillsboro Village—a vibrant neighborhood where historic charm, local culture, and the city’s creative energy meet.

Perfectly positioned just minutes from Music Row, Vanderbilt University, Belmont University, and downtown Nashville, Belcourt offers a comfortable home base for travelers who want to experience the best of the city while staying in one of its most walkable and character-filled neighborhoods. Step outside and you’ll find yourself surrounded by some of Nashville’s most iconic local favorites. Start your morning across the street at Pancake Pantry, grab brunch at Biscuit Love, browse the boutiques and cafés lining the village streets, or spend the afternoon exploring nearby landmarks like Belmont Mansion. When it’s time for live music, dining, or nightlife, Broadway and downtown Nashville are less than a 15-minute drive away.

Inside, Belcourt’s residences are designed with comfort and style in mind. Bright interiors feature warm wood accents, curated artwork, and thoughtful details that create a relaxed yet polished atmosphere. Each space includes a fully equipped kitchen stocked with the essentials, making it easy to prepare meals, snacks, or late-night bites after a day exploring the city. Comfortable living areas offer the perfect place to unwind, stream a movie, or gather with friends and family.

Every residence also includes in-unit laundry, air conditioning and heating, and modern conveniences designed to make longer stays feel effortless. Select units feature private balconies, offering a quiet spot to enjoy your morning coffee or evening wind-down.

Guests also have access to the building’s shared outdoor terrace, a welcoming space with comfortable seating where you can relax, catch up with fellow travelers, or soak in the Nashville atmosphere. For added convenience, paid on-site parking and elevator access make arrivals and departures seamless.

Whether you’re visiting Nashville for live music, a university event, a weekend getaway, or an extended stay, Belcourt places you right in the middle of one of the city’s most dynamic neighborhoods—where walkable streets, local flavor, and Nashville’s signature energy are always just outside your door.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips.

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Units with even numbers (e.g., 300, 302) feature private balconies, while units with odd numbers (e.g., 301, 303) have balconies overlooking the common rooftop area.

Parking Details:

• Paid parking is available in the garage beneath the building. No in-and-out privileges—re-entry requires a new parking fee.
• Street parking is first-come, first-served, and guests must obey all parking meters and posted signs.

Registration Details
2020013984-2020016547

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6912 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting