URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1481975659673582356
Latitude: 36.15416
Longitude: -86.82327
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay just minutes from downtown Nashville in a spacious 4-bedroom, 4.5-bath townhome built for groups of up to 12. Unwind in your private 6-person rooftop hot tub with skyline views, spread out across four levels, and enjoy two rooftop patios, a bonus lounge, Smart TVs, fast WiFi and a private 2-car garage. Broadway and downtown are typically about a 7–8 minute drive or rideshare away.

The space
Designed to comfortably accommodate families, friends, and corporate groups while providing plenty of space to relax while still feeling connected, this townhome features an open-concept main level that keeps everyone together—perfect for shared meals, game nights, and quality time together. The kitchen is set up for real use, with plenty of space to prep snacks or prepare meals together, while the living area offers comfortable seating and easy streaming on smart TVs.

Sleeping is flexible and family-friendly across four bedrooms and 4.5 bathrooms. The layout includes one bedroom with two twin-over-full bunks, another with two full beds, and two additional bedrooms with queen beds, plus a full sleeper sofa in the top-floor bonus space for extra guests. Memory foam mattresses throughout keep the stay comfortable, and a pack’n’play is available upon request.

The top floor is the showstopper: a bonus lounge area flanked by two private rooftop patios, complete with outdoor seating and a 6-person hot tub with downtown views—ideal for enjoying sunset views, relaxing after a day exploring Nashville, and starting the morning with coffee on the rooftop. Parking is simple with a private 2-car garage plus additional complex and street parking. Please note the home spans four levels with multiple stair flights and may not be ideal for guests who prefer minimal stairs.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements
FULL SOFA BED IN LIVING ROOM 
BEDROOM 1: 1 QUEEN BED	
BEDROOM 2: 1 QUEEN BED	
BEDROOM 3: 2 FULL BED	
BEDROOM 4: 2 TWIN OVER FULL BUNK BED

☕ Amenities included in your stay
In every Humming Host home, you will find an elevated essentials setup, including a coffee bar with locally sourced coffee, basic kitchen staples (olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and pepper), hand soap, dish soap, and body wash/conditioner/shampoo dispensers, ample paper goods and trash bags, and laundry and dishwasher pods. 

⭐ About Humming Host
Humming Host is a local, boutique property management company curating beautiful homes in prime locations for sustainable, unforgettable stays.
At the heart of how we operate is our Thoughtful Stay Program — a collection of intentional decisions, some visible to guests and some behind the scenes, that come together to create a stay that feels genuinely looked after. The program focuses on six key areas: local sourcing, waste reduction, sustainable amenities, community giveback, curated local culture, and guest convenience.
We implement these standards across every property we manage as part of our commitment to thoughtful hospitality. Our local hosting team ensures each home is fully prepared before arrival, and our guest services team is available daily from 7:00 AM–11:00 PM CST to support you before, during, and after your stay.

★★ Exclusive Guest Perks★★
As a guest, you’ll have access to exclusive perks and promotions with select local Nashville businesses and experiences through Humminghost's partnerships. Offers may vary, so reach out to us for current details and redemption information.

Guest access
Check-in is simple with smart locks. Before your arrival, we’ll send detailed instructions with your door codes, directions to the unit, and any access info for shared amenities or parking. Please review these notes ahead of time to ensure a smooth arrival.

Other things to note
★Community Guidelines★
Gatherings are not permitted in front of the home, in driveway areas, rear garage spaces, or other shared community areas. Guests must be respectful of neighbors when using balconies, rooftop patios, and outdoor spaces at all times, including outside quiet hours. Music must be kept at a reasonable volume. Excessive noise, yelling, amplified music, and disruptive behavior are prohibited at all times. Quiet hours are strictly enforced from 10 PM to 8 AM.

★Smoke-Free Home & Community★
In accordance with building rules, smoking is not permitted inside the unit or any common areas. Guests who violate this policy may be subject to fines or removal per HOA regulations.

★Supplies & Essentials★
We provide a generous starter supply of essentials, including trash bags, toilet paper (at least two rolls per bathroom), and a full roll of paper towels. If you run out during your stay or require more than what is provided, you are welcome to purchase additional items as needed.

★Families & Baby Gear★
Traveling with little ones? A pack-n-play and baby gate (in homes with stairs) available upon request, subject to availability. Please message your host in advance if you would like a baby package prepared for your stay.

★Maintenance & Repairs★	
Each property is thoroughly inspected before arrival to ensure systems and appliances are functioning properly. If you experience any maintenance issue during your stay, please contact your host as soon as possible. We will always do our best to resolve it promptly; however, repair timelines may depend on vendor and contractor availability.

★Stairs & Multi-Level Layout★
This townhome spans four floors and stairs are required to access the bedrooms, living areas, and hot tub. Because of the multi-level layout, the home may not be the best fit for guests with mobility considerations, those who prefer minimal stair use, or families traveling with very young children who may be sensitive to frequent stair climbing.
 
★Large Groups & Double Booking Option★
Traveling with a bigger group? For guests traveling with additional family members or colleagues, we also manage a neighboring townhome that may be available separately — best suited for family trips, work stays, and guests who want to stay nearby while respecting community rules. Please message us before booking if your group is considering multiple homes. All guests must follow community guidelines, quiet hours, and neighborhood rules at all times.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Melissa
Host User ID: 432149499
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432149499
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Humming Host is a boutique vacation rental company offering sustainable travel experience with luxury amenities in the best neighborhoods of Nashville, TN. Behind Humming Host is a team of 8 people 100% dedicated to the guest experience. Together, we manage 40 upscale properties in Nashville, and aim to  be the Four Seasons of short term rentals! We look forward to welcoming you in Music City.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Paris, France
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
2656 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting