URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1087845260345355852
Latitude: 36.34055
Longitude: -86.64599
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Hendersonville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 5
beds: 17
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Mountain Hideaway. Where relaxation & warm family gatherings are in their element. This incredible home is situated on the crest of 8 wooded acres just 20-25mins North of Nashville. It is a gated property, surrounded by nature’s privacy.
Enjoy the stunning fire pit, cook on the charcoal grill or soak in the hot tub under the stars!
With 5 sleeping rooms & as many as 17 beds to choose from, it can accommodate large families.
Enjoy our ping pong & pool tables & even a golf driving net!

The space
Enjoy the outdoor features such as our stunning fire pit illuminated by fairy lights in the woods. Gather around the patio table for a burger you’ve fixed up on the charcoal grill. Read a book on our secluded reading deck while deer, turkey and other wildlife meander by, or let your muscles relax as you soak in the hot tub under the stars!

When you aren’t taking in the great outdoors, you’ll have plenty to do indoors too! In addition to having everything you need to host family dinners, the kitchen features a stunning 6 burner gas grill, along with a griddle section perfect for your eggs and bacon. There’s a large pantry, dishwasher, microwave, double oven, side-by-side fridge, chest freezer, coffee maker, prep-sink and more…

The living room is enormous and features a stacked-stone gas fireplace with flat screen TV mounted above and plenty of seating. If you have a musician or two in the family, then feel free to utilize the Piano and Guitars to sing or write songs together. After all, that’s what Nashville is all about!

On the main level, we have 3 bedrooms and a bunk room along with 3.5 bathrooms. Upstairs there is an additional bedroom and bathroom. The details of the bed layout is described below, but before we get to that, the final part of the main level is the huge laundry area and incredible garage play area. The garage features a custom flake-finished flooring and wall paint in the theme of The Nashville Predators. Inside you’ll find, not only a slate bed pool table and a full size ping pong table, but as you may have seen in our pictures, we have a golf driving range! That’s right, step right up onto the driving mat and challenge your friends to some target practice right here in your garage, play a championship course, or simply work on your swing…

With a house set up like this, you’d expect to be tucked in the mountains miles away from civilization, but this isn’t the case for our Mountain Hideaway. In fact, you are just 2 minutes from grocery stores such as Kroger & Target. Other department stores, bars and restaurants like Pucketts, Chik-fil-A, Panera bread and more are also just 2 minutes down the road. If home made coffee isn’t your thing, then there are not 1, but 2 Starbucks also located just 2 minutes from our front doors!

The bedroom details are as follows:

Master Bedroom - King Bed. Additional day bed with trundle underneath (Sleeps up to 4). Flat Screen TV. En-suite bathroom with soaking tub, shower and walk-in-closet.

Bedroom #2 - Queen Bed. Additional day bed with trundle underneath (Sleeps up to 4). Flat Screen TV. En-suite bathroom with walk-in shower.

Bedroom #3 - 2x Queen Beds. (Sleeps up to 4). Flat Screen TV. En-suite bathroom with walk in shower. Walk-in closet.

Bunk Room - 2 Bunk Beds featuring 4 twin mattresses. (Sleeps up to 4). 1/2 bathroom located in the corridor outside along with 2 closets.

Bedroom #4 (located Upstairs) - Queen Bed. 2x Bunk Beds featuring 4 twin mattresses. (Sleeps up to 6). En-suite bathroom with tub/shower combo. Extra large closet.

Other areas of interest in this Hendersonville area North of Nashville include multiple local and state parks, an abundance of golf courses and last but not least, Old Hickory Lake just 5-10 mins down the rd which has multiple marinas where you can rent boats, go fishing or even take trips on Tiki Bar Cruisers! Of course, most of the water-front restaurants feature live music throughout the peak season!

Please note that with this being a property located at the top of a hill, there is a chance in the winter time that the concrete driveway could become icy and NOT accessible to drive on. This happens very rarely in Nashville, but in the most recent years there has tended to be around 3-7 days in the winter that such conditions have occurred. It is a long gated driveway and it is not salted. Please plan accordingly if you book to stay with us during this season by taking extra precautions and purchasing travel insurance. Middle Tennessee does not handle cold and Ice particularly well and most roads around Nashville during such winter storms are largely un-navigable.

We sincerely look forward to hosting you in the future and should you have any questions, don’t hesitate to ask.

See you soon!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonny
Host User ID: 24007959
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24007959
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
British immigrant!
Realtor in Nashville since 2005.
Love Sports, Outdoors, Family & Friends
Christian
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5853 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting