URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/44316702
Latitude: 36.1628
Longitude: -86.7756
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Steps from Broadway, a private game room, and stunning downtown views make French's Luxury Condo the perfect Nashville getaway. This newly updated retreat combines two stylish 2-bedroom condos with a dedicated game room, offering plenty of space for groups. Enjoy a poker table, views of 2nd Avenue, the Batman Building, the Cumberland River, and Nissan Stadium—all from a beautifully renovated historic building above the iconic French's Shoes & Boots. 🌆

The space
French's Luxury Condo offers the perfect location for guests who never want to set foot in a car. Ideally located between Luke Combs’ brand-new Category 10 bar and DraftKings Sports & Social Nashville, the corner of Broadway and 2nd Avenue is just steps from the front door of the boot store, putting you right in the heart of the action.

Things You'll Love:
◆ Located in the heart of downtown Nashville, steps from Broadway!  
◆ The game room, shared by both condos, features a pool table and a cozy hangout area with a 65" flat-screen smart TV.  
◆ Brand new professional poker table
◆ The City View condo offers stunning views of downtown from the bedrooms.  
◆ The River View condo features scenic views of the Cumberland River and Nissan Stadium.  
◆ Open concept designs with fully equipped modern kitchens.  
◆ Unique setup with private elevator accessed through famous French's Shoes and Boots.  
◆ High speed wifi.  
◆ Private washer & dryer in each condo.  
◆ Views of downtown Nashville and the Cumberland River.  

Sleeping Arrangements:  
City View Condo:  
◆ Bedroom 1 - King bed  
◆ Bedroom 2 - Two Double beds  
◆ Queen Sofa Bed (Sleep 2 Guests)

River View Condo:  
◆ Bedroom 3 - King bed + Twin bed
◆ Bedroom 4 - Two Queen beds  
◆ Two Sofa Beds (Sleep 4 Guests)

About Hallson Hospitality  
At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.  

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering French's Luxury Condo for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
Guests have 24 hour access through a private elevator located on the main level of French’s Shoes & Boots.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Favorite song in high school: Baby Blue, George Strait
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5415 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting