URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1045803926724061168
Latitude: 36.147
Longitude: -86.8166
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Game-day HQ in the West End: a 2BR/2BA condo with a balcony, walkable to Vanderbilt Stadium and Centennial Park and about 5 minutes from Broadway. King suite, pool, fitness center and secure garage parking. Sleeps 6, full kitchen, self check-in with keypad. No pets, no parties. STRP.2023087810

The space
Welcome to your West End Game Day Retreat! 🎻

Elevate your Nashville adventure in this artfully curated, modern 2-bedroom sanctuary. Perfectly situated in the heart of the historic West End, this condo offers a sophisticated blend of contemporary luxury and spirited "Game Day" energy. Whether you're in town to cheer on the Commodores, visit the university, or catch a legendary show at the Ryman, you are in the city's most vibrant and convenient "Goldilocks" zone.

💎 The West End Advantage:

Walkable "Triple Threat": You are steps from Centennial Park, the Vanderbilt Campus, and some of the city's most beloved local dining spots like Hattie B’s Hot Chicken.

Flex-Bed Logistics: Unlike standard rentals, our second bedroom features two twin beds that we can convert into a second King Bed upon request—perfect for two couples traveling together.

Poolside Relaxation: Soak in the Nashville sun at our pool. It’s the ultimate spot to decompress after a high-energy day at the stadium or a long night on Broadway.

🏡 Inside the Home:

Sleek Social Layout: The open floor plan provides a seamless flow from the fully stocked kitchen to the cozy living room, making it easy to host a pre-game brunch or recap the day's events.

Primary King Suite: A dedicated retreat featuring a plush King bed, a large walk-in closet, and a spa-like en-suite bathroom with an oversized vanity.

Modern Essentials: In-unit washer/dryer, high-speed WiFi, and Smart TVs in every bedroom ensure you have everything you need for a stress-free stay.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Coordinating a group of 6? We make your arrival safe and stress-free.

Digital Key Access: No physical keys to share or lose. You will receive a unique, secure code generated specifically for your stay.

Contactless Arrival: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—ideal for staggered flight arrivals or late-night check-ins.

Secure Garage Parking: Enjoy the peace of mind that comes with a private, secure parking spot in our gated garage.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

Centennial Park (3 min walk): Home to the historic Parthenon and the famous "Taylor Swift Bench." 🌳

Vanderbilt Stadium (10 min walk): The easiest commute for football games and university events. 🏈

Broadway (5 min drive): A quick, straight shot to the world-famous Honky Tonks. 👢

Eats (5-10 min walk): Don't miss BrickTop’s for upscale vibes or Hattie B’s for the iconic Nashville heat.

Local Tip: Walk to Centennial Park for a morning stroll before the stadium crowds arrive—it’s the most peaceful spot in Nashville!

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a pet-free environment. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1918 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting