URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1289431410567883553
Latitude: 36.1962
Longitude: -86.7804
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Dive into comfort at our luxury 3-Floor boutique stay in Nashville’s vibrant heart. Perfect for families, couples, business travelers, and Music City explorers, our retreat features spacious, soundproofed lodging with a full kitchen, high-speed Wi-Fi, and dedicated workspace. Explore nearby downtown, parks, dining, and music venues. Family-friendly and pet-friendly, with walkable neighborhoods and stunning city views, it’s your perfect Nashville escape!

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.  

ACCESS TYPE:
▻ Guests have access to the entire home except the garage
▻ Note: Please be aware that the upstairs fireplace is intentionally non-operational, and the ice maker is not available.

1ST FLOOR:
▻ Recreation room - Golden Tee, Ms. Pac-Man, Shuffleboard, Poker table
▻ Half bathroom
▻ Full kitchen with refrigerator, dishwasher, over, stove, Keurig, cookware 
▻ Master Bedroom en suite with full bathroom, King Bed, Smart TV

2ND FLOOR:
▻ Garage (Not usable)
▻ Living room with balcony, Smart TV, fireplace
▻ Full kitchen with refrigerator, dishwasher, over, stove, Keurig, cookware
▻ Half Bathroom

3RD FLOOR:
▻ Master Bedroom with balcony en suite with full bathroom, King Bed, Smart TV, walk in closet, fireplace
▻ Bedroom en suite with full bathroom, 2 full bunk bed, Smart TV, walk in closet
▻ Bedroom en suite with full bathroom, King bed,  Smart TV, walk in closet
▻ Sitting room with Smart TV
▻ Fireplace on the outside deck
▻ Bar
▻ Half bathroom
▻ Laundry area with washer and dryer

HIGHLIGHTS:
▻ Self check-in process
▻ Swimming pool (NON-HEAT)
▻ Recreation room - Golden Tee, Ms. Pac-Man, Shuffleboard, Poker table
▻ Filtered water system
▻ Fireplace on the outside deck on the top floor
▻ Fireplace in the master suite
▻ All bedrooms have Smart TVs
▻ Free driveway and street parking
▻ Pet Friendly
▻ Modern and new kitchen appliances
▻ Prime location, perfect for work and business travelers!
▻ With available wifi, best for digital nomads and guests working from home!
▻ Cozy home away from home

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ This home has 3 floors

Guest access
PARKING: 
▻ 2 driveway parking spots and free street parking nearby

ENTERING THE HOME: 
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In Using a Smart Lock with a Unique Code Per Guest

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES:
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee.
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings.
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs.
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500.
▻ Please ensure pets are cleaned up after.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed.

By booking this property, you agree to follow ALL rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation.

POLICIES:
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available).
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access.
▻ Late Check-Out – Late check-out is not guaranteed and requires host approval. Standard checkout applies unless approved. To guarantee a later stay, book the next night if available. Unauthorized late check-outs incurs violation fees.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ Pet Policy – We’re happy to welcome pets! A $140 non-refundable fee applies, plus $50 for each additional pet. This helps cover the extra deep cleaning to keep the home fresh for all guests.
▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy.
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item)
▻ Cancellation - Cancellation refunds will be based on your booking's cancellation policy
▻ There are exterior cameras installed in front of the house, facing the driveway and at the back of the house, facing the yard. It is on and recording 24/7.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1658 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting