URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1658169874624074783
Latitude: 36.1456
Longitude: -86.7924
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Midnight Muse at The Crescendo! The one stop shop for your ultimate experience in Music City. This property is a 2 bed 2 bath condo in the heart of Music Row. Enjoy a pool, rooftop deck, event space, and meeting space. Just minutes from Downtown, Nashville, you have everything you need in one spot!

☆ POOL (open seasonally) & Rooftop Deck! 
☆ Free WiFi!
☆ Meeting/work space
☆ Fitness Room! 
☆ Club room with skyline views
☆ Pool table in club room
☆ Free on-site parking (1 space)

The space
Located in Music Row, our condo is walkable to so many great Nashville staples!! The condo opens directly into a sleek kitchen with stainless steel appliances, flowing into a dramatic living area filled with rich textures, dark walls, statement lighting, and bold patterned wallpaper. The space is layered with warm neutrals, sculptural lounge seating, and a cozy sofa that creates the perfect place to unwind after a night out in Nashville.

Just off the main living area, the primary bedroom features a queen bed, patio access, and a private ensuite bathroom for added comfort and privacy. The secondary bedroom also offers a queen bed with stylish furnishings and easy access to the second full bathroom located just off the kitchen.

Guests please note: There is currently a construction project happening next to the building and there will be construction noise during your stay. We provide ear plugs in the home for extra comfort. 

Condo Amenities: 
☆ Free Wifi
☆ Queen sofa bed
☆ Luxe, fully stocked kitchen
☆ Patio with outdoor furniture
☆ Queen beds in each room
☆ Washer & Dryer

Building Amenities: 
☆ Outdoor POOL with baja ledge (open seasonally) 
☆ Club room with pool table and gathering space
☆ Rooftop deck with outdoor furniture and dining space
☆ Fitness room with treadmills, elliptical and free weights
☆ Private conference room
☆ Trash rooms on every floor

Parking:  
☆ Gated and secure parking garage (1 space)

Guest access
You'll have full access to the entire home during your stay! We are a 100% local team available 24/7 for anything you might need during your stay!

👶 Traveling with Little Ones?
Please note this home is not baby-proofed.

Other things to note
Future guests, please note: There is construction happening next to the building currently - there may be construction noise during your stay

→ Our team is available and on-call 24/7 for any emergency that may arise. Please reach out to our team directly if you need anything!  

Please note there may be construction noise during your stay. 

→ No Saturday arrival or departures are allowed. 

→ Unit includes: 2 Queen beds, 1 queen sofa bed; sleeps up to 6 people; Full kitchen with Dual Keurig + drip coffee maker, dishwasher, + icemaker 

→ Parking - there is 1 spot per unit available in a covered lot available on a first come first serve basis. Additional guest parking can be found in the alley and surrounding streets

→ Our quiet hours are 10 pm to 8 am. Please respect your noise levels. We have neighbors and ask that you be respectful of our home and theirs.

→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate of other guests, we cannot guarantee that early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.

→ After placing your booking you will receive a text from our team with a link to sign a form to confirm you've reviewed our house rules and ensure the check-in process go smoothly. We will send access info one day prior to arrival.

Registration Details
2026023460

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: UrbanNashville
Host User ID: 6855810
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6855810
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We are UrbanNashville Vacation Rentals. We're a small, locally owned management company. We pride ourselves in providing the best rental experience for you while you visit Music City! 

Our properties are located all over popular areas of Nashville. We have a spot for every traveller.

If you need any recommendations for the best places to check out, let us know! The chances are good that we have been there, and tried that. We look forward to hosting you

- Paige, Jordan & Adisson
My work: Nashville Enthusiast
Most useless skill: Junk journaling my travels
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
14236 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting