URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/18773204
Latitude: 36.1841
Longitude: -86.7441
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Give yourself a private getaway that combines modern living with easy access to the best of Nashville. Featuring a full assortment of amenities and gorgeous aesthetics. This detached, upstairs guesthouse boasts a charming style you won't find anywhere else.

We built the carriage house specifically with our guests in mind. Taking into consideration what we like when we rent homes while on vacation, we designed the space with ease and privacy in mind.

The space
When building and designing this space, we made our decisions based on what would be best for future guests. We provide a private entrance at the back of the property with a keyless door code and off-street parking. This ensures that if you don’t want to be bothered, you won’t. We live in the house at the front of the property, so if you want or need us, we’ll be happy to help.

You have private parking and an entrance at the rear of the property. Once you enter the property, you’ll enter the guest courtyard that is surrounded by vegetation. Upon entering the apartment, be sure to check out the penny floor in the foyer and head up the stairs to the apartment. At the top of the stairs is the laundry closet with a full-size washer and dryer. Once you enter the living quarters, you see the vaulted ceilings and open floor plan. The kitchen has granite counters and high-end stainless-steel appliances. There is also a Keurig with cream, sugar, and an assortment of K-Cups for you. There is a kitchenette table to enjoy your morning breakfast. The living room couch folds out to a queen-sized bed with a memory foam mattress. The beautifully tiled bathroom has a stand-up shower with bench seating inside, and it’s big enough for two. The bedroom has a comfy queen-size bed and a Smart TV. There is plenty of storage for clothes and a closet if you need to hang anything. There is also a desk and chair in the room if work is calling. To make your stay as comfortable as possible, we provide high-speed internet, smart TVs, movies, and books for you to enjoy. 

Located in East Nashville, we are a short walk away from some of the best restaurants, bars, and coffee shops in Nashville. We’re only a few blocks from Jeni's Ice Cream, Rosepepper Mexican Grill, Two Ten Jack, Graze, Noko, Five Daughters Bakery, Nashville Biscuit House, and coffee shops: Ugly Mugs and Barista Parlor. But wait, there’s more: 5 Points is walkable, where you’ll find some more great food, coffee, and a variety of bars and music venues.

We're also close to the downtown attractions and other neighborhoods.

-Five Points (0.7 miles)
-Nissan Stadium/CMA FEST (2.3 miles) 
-Ascend Amphitheater (2.8 miles)
-Lower Broadway aka SoBro (3 miles)
-Music City Center (3.3 miles)
-Music Row (4.3 miles)
-Germantown Neighborhood (3 miles)
-12th South Neighborhood (5.7 miles)

Guest access
Guests have a private parking spot and a separate entrance at the rear of the property. Entry to the house is a keyless, coded door lock. You are not sharing any living spaces with anyone, so everything is yours to enjoy. Detailed check-in instructions will be sent in the days leading up to your stay to avoid any confusion.

Other things to note
Keep noise to a minimum, and please be respectful to our neighbors. 
No Pets
No Parties or Events
No smoking inside the apartment - the smoking area is outside at the bistro set.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Matt
Host User ID: 129451634
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/129451634
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
About me: East Nashvillian. Father of five critters, 3 furry and 2 not. Husband to a lucky wife. Ad Man. Pizza connoisseur. A Unicorn or born and raised Nashvillian. Known to have a Jack Daniels or four. Rock lover. Always hungry. Need caffeine. Go Vols, Titans, Preds & Cards! Tennessee lover. Need to be outdoors. Love to create. Have to stay busy. Not a hipster…I don’t think. 

Host Style: When we travel it’s all about us. We like our privacy and would like to pass on this to our guest. Of course, if you need anything we’ll be there. Otherwise, have fun and enjoy Nashville!

Short Term Rental Permit: (2017then006440)
Born in the 80s
My work: Owner at BRASS Advertising
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
735 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting