URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1171972603117720490
Latitude: 36.1713
Longitude: -86.6808
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 0
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our King Bed unit at The Lodge! This unit is a motel-style room with a small kitchenette, a smart TV and a beautiful modern double vanity bathroom! With premium amenities like a gym & sauna, we’ve created this perfect oasis to be a relaxing place to work from home while visiting Nashville. 

☆5.7 Miles from Broadway!
☆Minutes away from Gaylord Convention Center and Opry Mills
☆Onsite Gym & Steam Room 
☆Kitchenette
☆EV Charger
★No pets allowed
★No parties allowed
★No smoking

The space
Our studio motel-style unit at The Lodge showcases a kitchenette, one king bed, and one beautiful modern bathroom with a double vanity and tub shower. 

Once settled, guests can explore the building's amenities, including a fitness center. This unit has a keypad lock entry which grants ease during check in. Inside the unit, you will find a luxurious king bed, kitchenette and double vanity bathroom with a tub shower. Soft linen and a plush duvet ensures a restful sleep. 

Conveniently located near dining, shopping, and entertainment, The Lodge offers easy access to the best of Donelson. A Kroger grocery store is just across the street for any last-minute groceries or late-night snacks. Plus, we offer an exclusive EV charger in our parking lot for electric vehicle owners. 

Additionally, convenient access to nearby dining, shopping, and entertainment options ensures that guests can experience the best of Donelson during their stay at The Lodge.

Guests please note: due to exterior lighting, light filters into the bedroom at night. For your comfort, we provide complimentary sleep masks for a more restful stay.

☆King Size Bed: Sink into luxury with a plush king size bed, complete with high-quality linens and pillows for a restful night's sleep.
☆Kitchenette: Reheat quick meals and snacks in the convenient kitchenette, equipped with a mini-fridge and microwave.
☆ Modern Bathroom: Refresh yourself in the sleek bathroom featuring a walk-in shower and double vanity, stocked with premium toiletries and fluffy towels.
☆Work space: the unit features a desk area where remote workers can get things done while working away from the office. 

★No pets allowed
★No parties allowed
★No smoking- there is a $300 fine for ANY evidence of smoke

Guest access
Guests will have access to their private unit, ample free outdoor parking on premises, and by request only, the building gym and steam room. To obtain access to the building gym and steam room, please review the house rules section and contact our team for directions and access!

Further direction to access the property and your unit will be sent to you via text message the day before your arrival.

Other things to note
**IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR MORE SPACE OR DIFFERENT SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS, REACH OUT TO US AS WE HAVE MULTIPLE UNITS IN THE BUILDING!

Guests please note: due to exterior lighting, light filters into the bedroom at night. For your comfort, we provide complimentary sleep masks for a more restful stay.

★Upon booking, guests will receive a text from our team with a rental agreement. The agreement is to acknowledge our house rules as well as provide your email address which allows us to invite you to the door app for check in!
★Further direction to access the property and your unit will be sent to you via text message the day before your arrival.
★Rest assured, our team is around 24/7 for any emergency that may arise.
★ Review our additional rules for our mandatory Gym Liability acknowledgment.
★ NO PETS, parties or any smoking of any kind allowed. 
★NO SMOKING, the property is 100% smoke free. No smoking in the unit, building, or on any balcony. There is a $300 minimum fine for any evidence of smoking or smell mitigation required. 
★For tips on places to eat, things to do, & all things #Nashville find us on insta! @urbannashvacations. Ask us about our Linktree for awesome deals & partnerships we have!
★Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that an early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.

Registration Details
2024047504

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Lodge
Host User ID: 581566608
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/581566608
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are the Gray Family, proud owners of the McDonald's franchises here in Nashville. Living and working in this vibrant city ourselves, we are delighted to have you as our guest at The Lodge. 

Thank you for letting us host you! It's our pleasure to provide you with a clean and fun spot in the Donelson area of Nashville. Enjoy Music City and always reach out if you need anything!
Fun fact: We own and run the Mcdonalds next door!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1266 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting