URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1625652257049011926
Latitude: 36.1482
Longitude: -86.7932
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into Tempo, a beautifully curated two-bedroom condo on iconic Music Row. Built on the historic site of the former United Artists Tower, this modern retreat places you in the heart of Nashville’s rich musical legacy. Enjoy high-end furnishings, an equipped kitchen, and access to resort-style amenities, including a pool, fitness center, and stylish social spaces—all just minutes from top dining, studios, and live music venues.

The space
⭐ Building Accommodations & Amenities:
- Just a 15-minute walk to Broadway, putting you steps from Nashville’s iconic live music scene, buzzing honky-tonks, rooftop bars, and unforgettable nights out
- Perfect for campus visits with Vanderbilt University 1 min away and Belmont University 3 mins away
- Heated pool with city views, pool loungers, and cabanas (open year-round from 8 am – 10 pm, subject to HOA discretion)
- Stylish lobby with comfortable seating and a resident game lounge for socializing and entertainment
- State-of-the-art fitness and yoga center (open 5 am – 12 am)
- Pet-friendly building with gated pet relief area and dog wash station
- Poolside Lounge and Cabana available for private event rentals (inquire at booking)
- Elevator access and secured building entry
- 24/7 front desk and hotel-style check-in

🛋️ Living Areas:
- Open-concept living space with chic, modern décor
- Comfortable seating for relaxing and socializing
- Smart TV with streaming capabilities
- High-end furnishings and curated design touches

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances
- Cookware, dishware, and utensils provided
- Dining area for in-home meals
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 1 sponge, 2 paper towels, 2 regular coffees, 1 vanilla coffee, 1 decaf coffee, 4 condiments, 1 dish soap, and 2 teas

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom: 1 Queen bed, smart TV, built-in wardrobe, and private en-suite bathroom
- 2nd Bedroom: 1 Queen bed, smart TV, and built-in wardrobe

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom: Modern single vanity, walk-in shower, and premium fixtures
- Second Bathroom: Single vanity with contemporary finishes

🚗 Parking:
- Paid street parking available
- Valet parking available

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
Located right on Music Row!
3 min walk: RCA Studio
10 min walk: Vanderbilt University
15 min walk: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
15 min walk: Broadway

- Uber/Car/Lyft -
3 mins: 12 South
4 mins: Bongo Java
4 mins: Belmont Mansion
5 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
5 mins: The Gulch
5 mins: Belmont-Hillsboro
5 mins: Music City Center
5 mins: Frothy Monkey
6 mins: Midtown
6 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
6 mins: SOBRO
6 mins: The Blue Room
6 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
6 mins: Centennial Park
6 mins: The Parthenon
6 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
6 mins: The Filling Station
6 mins: Burger Up
7 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
7 mins: Geodis Park
8 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
9 mins: Tennessee State University
10 mins: McCabe Golf Course
14 mins: Nashville Zoo
16 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add-Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service! Please inquire to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within 2 hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Maximum of 2 pets under 35lbs each, $100 fee per pet required.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided upon request, as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home and all of the building amenities.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms! 
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
17855 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting