URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1780844015840494893
Latitude: 36.16965
Longitude: -86.79602
rental_type: Entire bungalow
property_type: BUNGALOW
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 7
beds: 9
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This two-home combo offers 7 bedrooms, 4.5 bathrooms, two living-room sofa beds, two fully equipped kitchens, and private outdoor spaces. Enjoy bright, welcoming interiors in the Germantown area, with dining, cafés, and nightlife close by. Whether you’re visiting with family, celebrating a milestone, attending a concert, or traveling for work, y’all will have room to relax between adventures.

The space
This two-home combo offers 7 bedrooms, 4.5 bathrooms, two living-room sofa beds, two fully equipped kitchens, and private outdoor spaces. Enjoy bright, welcoming interiors in the Germantown area, with dining, cafés, and nightlife close by. Whether you’re visiting with family, celebrating a milestone, attending a concert, or traveling for work, y’all will have room to relax between adventures.

THE SPACE

Enjoy the comfort and convenience of two homes, each with its own living area, kitchen, bedrooms, and backyard.

Across both units, you’ll find:

7 bedrooms with 3 king beds and 4 queen beds
2 living-room sofa beds
4 full bathrooms and 1 half bathroom
2 fully equipped kitchens
Open-plan living and dining spaces
WiFi and workspace in both homes
Private backyards with outdoor seating
On-premises parking, including gated backyard parking at Warren 1007

----

WARREN 1006

Sleeping Arrangements

Bedroom 1: King bed with comfortable linens and a spacious, inviting feel
Bedroom 2: King bed with plush bedding
Bedroom 3: Queen bed in a cozy, relaxing space
Bedroom 4: Queen bed in a quiet, comfortable retreat
Living room: Sofa bed for additional sleeping space

Bathrooms

Bathroom 1: Modern full bathroom with essentials and toiletries
Bathroom 2: Fully equipped full bathroom with luxurious amenities and ample hot water

Outdoor Space & Parking

Enjoy a large private backyard with outdoor seating and a private patio for relaxing in the evening. Free on-premises and street parking are available.

-----
WARREN 1007

Sleeping Arrangements

Bedroom 1: King bed with premium comfort and a spacious layout
Bedroom 2: Queen bed in a cozy, inviting room
Bedroom 3: Queen bed in a comfortable retreat
Living room: Sofa bed for additional sleeping space

Bathrooms

Bathroom 1: Full bathroom with luxurious finishes and essential amenities
Bathroom 2: Modern full bathroom with toiletries
Bathroom 3: Half bathroom for added convenience

Outdoor Space & Parking

An expansive private backyard with comfortable seating offers space to unwind outdoors. This home also includes a secure gated parking area in the backyard. A playground directly across the street is a convenient bonus for families.

Guest access
Youll have full access to the entire home, including all indoor and outdoor spaces.
Self check-in with a smart lock your code will be sent before arrival.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable?

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4542 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting