URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1780697499748903184
Latitude: 36.2058
Longitude: -86.8112
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 13
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Room for everyone to spread out, and a rooftop to bring them together: 13 beds for 12 guests, plus a private rooftop with downtown skyline views.

The rooftop is the ultimate group hangout with a TV for game day, a grill, and a mini fridge to keep drinks cold. At night, the firepit and string lights set the scene to unwind with a view of the city.

Every bedroom has its own full bath, and Broadway is just 13 minutes away. Perfect for bachelor/bachelorette groups, friend trips, and families!

The space
KEY FEATURES:
⭐ Private rooftop with downtown skyline views, TV, mini fridge, grill, firepit, and string lights offers the perfect group hangout space
⭐ 13 beds for 12 guests: no one has to share a bed
⭐ 4 bedrooms, each with its own full bathroom
⭐ Convenient Location: 13 minutes to Broadway
⭐ Smart TVs on the rooftop, in the living room, and in 2 bedrooms
⭐ Well-equipped kitchen to cook most meals 
⭐ Coffee, creamer, and sugar provided
⭐ Bathrooms stocked with essentials (shampoo, conditioner, body wash)
⭐ In-unit Washer and dryer w/ detergent provided
⭐ Parking: 2-car garage
⭐ Pet friendly: up to 2 dogs (fee applies)

🏡 BIGGER GROUP?
Our townhome right next door also sleeps 12 and has its own skyline rooftop. Book both to bring up to 24 guests! Message us for details.

Expect a five-star stay with us! We're always available to help with dining and activity recommendations or anything else you need during your stay.

📍 LOCATION (DRIVE TIMES)
Broadway / Downtown → 13 min
Nissan Stadium → 10 min
The Gulch → 15 min
Vanderbilt → 15 min
BNA Airport → 20 min

🛌 SLEEPING & BATHROOMS
13 beds total: 1 King + 12 Twins

Bedroom 1 (1st Floor): Twin bed + twin trundle, Smart TV, en-suite full bathroom

Bedroom 2 (2nd Floor): 2 Twin beds, each with a twin trundle (4 beds total), attached full bathroom (bathroom also has second entrance making it accessible from the kitchen/living room hallway also)

Bedroom 3 (3rd Floor, Primary): King bed, Smart TV, en-suite full bathroom, large walk in closet

Bedroom 4 (3rd Floor): 2 sets of custom built-in triple twin bunks (6 beds total), en-suite full bathroom. The bunks are sturdy and rated for adults, a favorite for groups and kids alike!

🏠 HOME LAYOUT (4 LEVELS)
1st Floor: 2-car garage, Bedroom 1
2nd Floor: Open-concept living room with 65" Smart TV, kitchen, Bedroom 2
3rd Floor: Bedrooms 3 and 4, laundry closet with washer and dryer
4th Floor: Private rooftop deck

🌆 THE ROOFTOP
The rooftop is where your group will spend most of its time. Spread out on the large couch, catch the game on the 55" Smart TV, fire up the grill, and keep drinks cold in the mini fridge without running downstairs. The dining table has room to eat outside, and cornhole keeps the competition going.

When the sun goes down, the string lights come on and the firepit gets going. It's the perfect spot to gather as a group and unwind with the downtown skyline in view.

🐶 PETS
Up to 2 dogs are allowed for a fee of $150 per dog, per stay. Pets must be disclosed before check-in. Pets are not permitted on furniture, and guests are responsible for any damage caused by their pets.

Pet Cleanup: Guests are responsible for cleaning up after their pets. A $25 fee will be charged for each pile of waste left on the property or in shared common areas.

Guest access
GUEST ACCESS
Guests have access to the entire townhome, including the private rooftop deck.

Parking: 2-car garage, plus 4 overflow spots next to the house that are shared with the other townhomes in the complex (first come, first served). We recommend limiting your group to 2 vehicles.

Self check-in with a keypad smart lock.

Smart TVs throughout the home: feel free to log in to your favorite streaming apps.

Other things to note
Minimum age to book per Nashville law is 21. Host reserves the right to request ID verification.

This is a 4-level townhome with stairs between each floor and no elevator. The nearest bathroom to the rooftop is one flight down on the 3rd floor.

DECORATIONS: Using tape, nails, or adhesives on the walls to hang decorations is prohibited as they damage the paint. Freestanding decorations are welcome! No confetti or glitter, please. Guests will be charged for any wall damage or excess cleaning.

The home is part of a townhome complex with close neighbors. Please keep exterior noise down, especially on the rooftop, and observe quiet hours from 10pm to 8am.

NO SMOKING of any kind inside the home or on the rooftop.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brendan
Host User ID: 396058414
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/396058414
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm originally from Annapolis, MD but Nashville has become home for me. 

I enjoy sports, especially football, and exploring everything Nashville has to offer with friends on the weekends. Let me know if you need any recommendations!

I look forward to welcoming guests and helping make their stay as enjoyable as possible.
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: Davidson College
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
732 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting