URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1705283955582098434
Latitude: 36.2026
Longitude: -86.7237
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Downtown Martha Brown House, a 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom bungalow nestled in the heart of East Nash. Whether you're in town to catch a show, explore the local food scene, or relax in a stylish home away from home, this classic historic bungalow offers the ultimate Music City experience.

With a bright, open interior and a large, fully fenced backyard, you’ll have the perfect blend of vibrant city energy and peaceful neighborhood charm that will make you fall in love with music city!

The space
💎 THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR 💎

✔ Friend Meetups
Reconnect with friends in a space built for good times. From the living & Dining area to the fire pit out back our common areas and flexible sleeping arrangements are perfect for making new memories.

✔ Family Trips
With plenty of space, a safe environment, and thoughtful amenities like our pack N Play, this home is designed for family-friendly fun.

✔ Concert & Event Goers
Skip the traffic! Our prime East Nashville location offers quick and easy access to top venues, ensuring you never miss a beat.

✔ Corporate & Business Travelers
Stay productive and comfortable with high-speed WiFi all in a professional and relaxing setting.

✔ Small Bachelor & Bachelorette Groups
Get ready for a memorable celebration! The stylish decor and convenient location near Nashville's famous nightlife make this the perfect party pad.

—---------------------------

💎 LIVING & DINING 💎

✔ ️ Fully Stocked Kitchen with lots of amenities including; paper towels, dish soap, dish washer pods, large garbage bags, small garbage bags and everyone's favorite COFFEE with an easy to use keurig. 

✔ Large spacious living room, A great place to catch up, binge your favorite series or just simply relax. There is plenty of room for everyone! 

—---------------------------

💎 BEDROOMS 💎

Sleep soundly in one of our 2 cozy bedrooms, all equipped with high-quality linens that are professionally cleaned and sanitized between every guest.

✔ Bedroom 1: The primary or master suite. Equipped with a comfortable king bed and a private attached ensuite ( bathroom 1 ) 

✔ Bedroom 2: A versatile retreat with 2 queen beds. Making it a great room to share with friends & families!

—---------------------------

💎 BATHROOMS 💎

Our bathrooms are fully stocked with everything you need. You'll find plenty of fresh bath towels, washcloths, hand towels, and even dedicated makeup towels. For your convenience, we also provide complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body wash.

✔ Bathroom 1: A private, ensuite bathroom located in bedroom 1, featuring a large walk in shower.

✔ Bathroom 2: A full bathroom just off the kitchen with a shower-tub combo. 

—---------------------------

💎 WHAT’S CLOSE BY 💎

Explore the best of Music City from our East Nashville location! You'll be close to the city's top attractions and local gems. 

✔ Five Points: A locals favorite! Famous for its eclectic dining, craft cocktail bars, and independent boutiques, it offers a laid-back, coffee shops, restaurants & bars! Only 8 minutes from the house. 

✔ Grand Ole Opry: A short 15-minute drive, this famous destination offers shops, restaurants & a convention center.

✔ Broadway: Dive into the heart of Nashville's vibrant energy and famous nightlife, just 15 minutes away.

✔ Riverside Village: Within walking distance from the house! ( aprox. 5 - 10 minutes ) has amazing restaurants & local coffee shops!

Guest access
✔ The Entire Property is Yours: Enjoy full and private access to the entire home for your group's stay.

✔ Easy Self Check-In: You'll receive a unique code before you arrive, allowing for a seamless and secure check-in process.

✔ 24/7 Guest Support: We're here for you. Feel free to message or call us anytime, day or night, with any questions or needs you may have.

Other things to note
💎HOUSE RULES💎

We want to make sure your stay is as enjoyable as possible. Please keep the following house rules in mind:
✔ Quiet Hours: We kindly ask that you observe quiet hours from 10 p.m. to 7 a.m.

✔ Smoke-Free Environment To preserve the air quality and integrity of our home, this is a 100% smoke-free property. This policy strictly includes cigarettes, vapes, and all THC products. Should smoking occur, a minimum $100 specialized restoration fee will be charged to cover the cost of professional ozone treatment and odor removal.

✔ Pet Policy To maintain a pristine environment for all guests, we charge $100 pet fee / per pet / per stay. unauthorized pets are strictly prohibited.

A minimum $100 specialized cleaning fee will be applied to address any additional pet-related cleaning items (including hair, sanitization or pet waste removal). Additionally, guests are fully responsible for the cost of repairing or replacing any items damaged by an unauthorized pet.

✔ Grill Use: If you use the grill, please scrape the grates and turn off the propane after use. Allow the grill to cool completely before putting the cover back on.

✔ Enjoy Your Stay We are thrilled to host you. We simply ask that you treat our home with the same care and respect as your own. Our goal is for you to have a truly unforgettable experience—enjoy your time in Nashville!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Downtown Martha Brown
Host User ID: 1702907075944479106
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1702907075944479106
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Pets: Rex, our beloved dog
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 months hosting
11 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
2 months of hosting