URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/723011864219940272
Latitude: 36.1614
Longitude: -86.7771
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
City oasis in the heart of downtown Nashville on the Broadway Strip, directly above Boot Barn. Enjoy the entire second floor with two spacious lofts, soaring ceilings, hardwood floors, and nine-foot windows overlooking Broadway. Luxurious touches include sumptuous velvet and ornate gold accents. King beds in private rooms, plus new Queen pull-out sofas with memory foam mattresses and twin trundles for extra comfort. NO PARTIES!!

The space
✭ Please be sure to read through the ENTIRE listing before booking. There is a lot of information below. ✭

You're staying in 2 out of only 4 lofts in the entire building! Super private haven in the middle of Broadway! 

LOFT #201:
As soon as you walk into the building, LOFT #201 sits right at the top of your first flight of stairs. LOFT #201 has 1 private bedroom with a King size bed and en suite full bathroom. A half bath is located in the hallway. (see photos).
In the living room, there is a raised section where Zen meets Glam and there are two twin. In the lower part of the living room, there is a pull out Queen sofa bed . Lots of options to choose from for sleeping!

As you can see in the photos, 201 boasts high ceilings and a spacious kitchen with bar seating. The space is the perfect home base for your stay as you're literally in the middle of everywhere you'd want to visit.  (Please read more below for parking and more info)

LOFT #202 has 1 private bedroom with a KING size bed and en suite full bathroom. A half bath is located in the hallway. This Loft can sleep up to 6 guests. 2 can sleep in the king sized bed and we have 2 sleeper sofas that each sleep 2 (linens and bedding provided for all). 

This loft has more of a contemporary feel, with a large kitchen with bar seating, a dining area with a cafe table and seating for 4, open concept living room with a 50” flat-screen television with Apple TV, and a bright sunroom with seating that overlooks BROADWAY!

**There is an additional $400 fee for guests wanting to book my property for filming and/or photography. A location agreement must be provided to me prior to your shoot date.**

FAQs
🧍🏽‍♂️ Additional Guests We kindly ask that your guest count stays within what was confirmed at booking. If your plans change and you'd like to bring a few extra faces, just reach out before your stay — we're happy to see what we can do!
🎥 Exterior Cameras For everyone's peace of mind, we have exterior cameras on the property for safety purposes.
🎈 Decorations We love that you might be celebrating something special! Just a couple of things to keep in mind — please avoid glitter and confetti (they're a cleaning crew's worst nightmare 😄), and steer clear of placing anything on the wallpaper. We just ask that all decorations are removed before you check out. Have fun with it!
🎉 Gatherings & Visitors Our lofts are designed as a peaceful retreat, so we ask that the property not be used as a hub for outside visitors or rotating guests. We want everyone — including our neighbors — to enjoy the space!
🤫 Quiet Hours We have wonderful neighbors, and we'd love to keep it that way! Please help us by keeping outdoor noise to a considerate level during quiet hours. Thank you!
🚭 Smoke-Free Property To keep our space fresh and comfortable for every guest, we ask that there be no smoking inside or within 25 feet of the property. If you smoke outdoors, please keep windows and doors closed. Please note that a $500 fee applies if smoke is detected indoors.
🛠️ Accidents Happen! We truly mean it — we get it! If something breaks or gets damaged during your stay, please just let us know. We appreciate your honesty and it always makes a big difference. No need to stress — just a quick message is all it takes!
🧼 Leaving the Space Our cleaning team works incredibly hard, and we're so grateful for them! The standard cleaning fee covers a normal turnover, so we ask that you leave the space in a reasonably tidy condition out of respect for their time and effort. Our check-out instructions (found in this welcome book) make it easy — just follow those and you're all set. We appreciate you helping us keep things country-cool, classy, and cozy! 🌿
⏰ Early Check-In & Late Check-Out Want to arrive a little earlier or linger a little longer? Early check-in (from 8:00 a.m.) and late check-out (until 5:00 p.m.) may be available — just send us a message ahead of time to check availability for your dates. A small fee applies for approved requests, and availability is limited, so the sooner you ask, the better!
🧳 Luggage Drops Unfortunately, we aren't able to accommodate luggage drops outside of your check-in window. We recommend Luggage Hero, Stow Station, or other luggage storage options nearby — they're super convenient and easy to use!

Guest access
24/7 keyless entry access to the building and both lofts.

Other things to note
** While staying with us, PLEASE make sure ALL doors are shut and locked when not in use! PLEASE do not leave any valuables in your vehicle if parked on the street. Nashville is a BIG city so please make sure to be vigilant with our property and yours!!

This loft is not a street view loft, the windows open up to the alley.

NO FREE PARKING. The closest parking lot is on 4th and Broadway. Highly recommended that you not rent a car unless you're wanting to venture outside of Nashville. Cabs, Uber, and Lyft are the best way to get around! I have some promo codes at the lofts for free first rides if anyone in your group is a first time Uber or Lyft rider - so make sure to download the apps before you arrive.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Cal And Steph
Host User ID: 167417432
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/167417432
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Cal! Welcome to my loft! We greatly appreciate you staying with us. You're staying at my house, which gives your stay a less corporate, more personal feel. Thank you for taking care of my home while you are here. I hope you relax, unwind, and enjoy!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
1102 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting