URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1619037967032792006
Latitude: 36.1955
Longitude: -86.7799
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 16
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★ The Great Gatsby & Girls Night Out by AvantStay ★ 

• Two entertainment-forward homes just steps apart
• 8 bedrooms total, sleeping up to 24 guests
• Two private rooftop decks with hot tubs, lounge seating, and skyline views
• Speakeasy lounge + private karaoke room for games and performances
• Fire pit patios, outdoor dining, and multiple group hangout spaces
• Fully equipped kitchens, Smart TVs throughout, in-unit laundry, garage + dedicated parking

The space
Welcome to The Great Gatsby & Girls Night Out by AvantStay!

Designed for groups who want to stay together without giving up space, style, or privacy, this two-home buyout brings together eight bedrooms, unforgettable entertainment spaces, and rooftop moments made for celebration. Located just steps from each other in Nashville, these design-forward homes sleep up to 24 guests and offer the rare combination of high-energy group amenities and private retreat-style comfort—all under one booking.

From daytime lounging to late-night performances, this paired stay was built for milestone birthdays, bachelorettes, reunions, and friend groups who want the home to be just as memorable as the city.

Each home offers its own fully equipped kitchen, open-concept living area, Smart TVs throughout, and thoughtful layouts that make moving between spaces effortless. Whether your group is splitting up to get ready or coming together for shared meals and toasts, the flow across both homes keeps gatherings easy and social—never crowded.

Together, the homes feature multiple indoor and outdoor gathering zones, so every part of the group can find their vibe at the same time.

The Great Gatsby: Speakeasy Style & Rooftop Privacy
Step into a bold Art Deco–inspired residence where 1920s glamour meets modern group living. The main living area is open, inviting, and designed for connection, with plush seating, statement design details, and a Smart TV for downtime between plans. The fully equipped kitchen flows seamlessly from the living space, making shared meals and celebratory moments feel effortless.

Downstairs, the home transforms into a true speakeasy-style lounge. Velvet seating, a player piano, curated bar area, games, and a Smart TV create a moody, social atmosphere perfect for late-night hangs and unforgettable conversations.

Outdoor living sets this home apart. The private back deck offers a cozy fire pit, alfresco dining, and string-lit evenings just for your group. Above it all, the fully private rooftop deck delivers an elevated experience—complete with 8-foot privacy walls separating neighboring units, lounge seating, skyline views, and a hot tub designed for winding down or kicking off the night in style.

Girls Night Out: Private Karaoke & Nashville Energy
Built around one show-stopping centerpiece, Girls Night Out brings performance energy straight into your stay. The home’s private karaoke lounge features a high-end karaoke system, full sound setup, large TV screen, dedicated stage, curtain-wrapped design, and plush viewing couch—creating a true at-home concert experience with zero crowds.

The open-concept main level is bright, playful, and made for gathering. A fully equipped kitchen stocked with all the essentials (plus the signature lemon fridge) flows into a dining area with seating for six and additional seating throughout. Smart TVs are available in every major space, making streaming and screen-sharing seamless.

Outside, the private deck invites relaxed moments around the fire pit or outdoor dining table. Head up to the rooftop for a true Nashville highlight: a private hot tub, pink lounge seating, bar stools, and sweeping downtown views that transition perfectly from daytime lounging to after-hours wind-downs.

Getting ready is part of the experience here, with dedicated makeup mirrors and getting-ready stations that make group glam sessions easy and fun.

Across both homes, the buyout sleeps up to 24 guests in eight thoughtfully designed bedrooms that balance privacy and flexibility. Most bedrooms feature en-suite bathrooms, and both homes include loft-style sleeping spaces with twin beds and sleeper sofas—ideal for kids or extra guests. With multiple full bathrooms, in-unit laundry, and intuitive layouts, mornings and nights stay smooth even with a full group.

Situated just minutes from downtown, Broadway, live music venues, rooftop bars, and some of Nashville’s most exciting dining and nightlife, this buyout places your group close to everything—while giving you two private, entertainment-packed homes to return to afterward.

Additional conveniences include garage parking plus dedicated parking spaces at both homes, in-unit washers and dryers, and tech-forward touches throughout that make group travel feel easy.

Whether you’re hosting back-to-back celebrations, planning a milestone weekend, or simply want the ultimate Nashville group stay, The Great Gatsby & Girls Night Out by AvantStay delivers bold design, standout amenities, and space for everyone—together, but never on top of each other.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. 

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home allows up to 2 pets, per property, for a fee; undisclosed pets brought without AvantStay’s approval may result in a $500 fine per pet.

Parking Details: 
- Guests may park in two spaces directly in front of the unit and one garage space. A limited number of overflow parking spaces are also available on site.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

STR Permit Number: 2025/102/499 - Girls Night Out
STR Permit Number: 2025/102/497 - The Great Gatsby

Registration Details
2025102497 & 2025102499

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6911 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting