URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1719030321941879205
Latitude: 36.186235774889184
Longitude: -86.81623231709328
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 12
beds: 15
occupancy: 16
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your private North Nashville compound — a 12-bedroom, 12-bath retreat for up to 33 guests across 3 fully equipped townhomes. Each home includes a private rooftop deck, open-concept living, a fully stocked kitchen, and a private garage. The perfect Nashville base for large groups, corporate retreats, and celebrations.

The space
This listing is for 3 side-by-side three-story townhomes within a 6-unit compound in North Nashville. Your group will be placed in 3 of the 6 available units. Unit assignment is confirmed prior to check-in.All 6 units are equivalent in quality and amenities; minor design details may vary between units, so your experience will be the same regardless of which 3 units your group is assigned. All three homes are reserved exclusively for your group and each is accessed independently.

📸 Photo Note: This listing includes 3 townhomes with two distinct layouts. Photos shown represent each layout — 3 units share one configuration and 3 units share another. All homes are identical in quality and amenities; minor design details may vary between units.

🏠 3 Private Townhomes | 🛏 12 Bedrooms | 🛁 12 Full Bathrooms | 🚻 3 Half Bathrooms | 👥 Sleeps up to 33 Guests

Features
🍳 3 fully stocked kitchens with essential cookware
🌅 3 private rooftop decks
♨️ Hot tub on one rooftop deck
🔥 Outdoor grill on one rooftop deck
🚗 Parking: 3 private garages, one per home
🛏 Premium Helix mattresses and Matouk linens and towels
⚡ High-speed Wi-Fi
🧴 High-end essential toiletries
📺 XL Flat Screen TV in each living room

Accessibility & Layout
A few steps from street level to the entrance of each home. Interior stairs lead to the second and third floors. Rooftop deck is accessed from the third floor. No elevator access.

🏠 Unit 1 — 3-Story Townhome

First Floor
🛏️ Bedroom 1: Queen bed 🛁 Ensuite bathroom

Second Floor
🛏️ Bedroom 2: King bed 🛁 Ensuite bathroom
🚻 Half bathroom off the kitchen

✨ Additional Spaces
🛋️ Living room 🍳 Kitchen 🍽️ Dining area 🧺 Laundry

Third Floor
🛏️ Bedroom 3: Queen bed
🛏️ Bedroom 4: Two Double beds 🛁 Ensuite bathroom
🛁 Full hallway bathroom (serves Bedroom 3)
🌅 Rooftop deck access

🏠 Unit 2 — 3-Story Townhome

First Floor
🛏️ Bedroom 5: Queen bed 🛁 Ensuite bathroom

Second Floor
🛏️ Bedroom 6: King bed 🛁 Ensuite bathroom
🚻 Half bathroom off the kitchen

✨ Additional Spaces
🛋️ Living room 🍳 Kitchen 🍽️ Dining area 🧺 Laundry

Third Floor
🛏️ Bedroom 7: Queen bed 🛁 Ensuite bathroom
🛏️ Bedroom 8:Two Double beds
🛁 Full hallway bathroom (serves Bedroom 8)
🌅 Rooftop deck access

🏠 Unit 3 — 3-Story Townhome

First Floor
🛏️ Bedroom 9: Queen bed 🛁 Ensuite bathroom

Second Floor
🛏️ Bedroom 10: King bed 🛁 Ensuite bathroom
🚻 Half bathroom off the kitchen

✨ Additional Spaces
🛋️ Living room 🍳 Kitchen 🍽️ Dining area 🧺 Laundry

Third Floor
🛏️ Bedroom 11: Queen bed
🛏️ Bedroom 12: Two Double beds 🛁 Ensuite bathroom
🛁 Full hallway bathroom (serves Bedroom 11)
🌅 Rooftop deck access

Outdoor Area
🌅 Each home includes a private third floor rooftop deck. Depending on unit assignment, your rooftop deck may feature a private hot tub and outdoor seating, or an outdoor dining area and grill. Rooftop configuration varies by unit assignment.

ACCESSIBILITY
Stairs: Few steps from street level to entrance in all units; interior stairs to Second and Third Floors; rooftop deck accessed from Third Floor
Floors: All units — 3 floors + rooftop deck
Elevator: No
Independent unit access: Yes
Step-free entry: No

HOST INFORMATION

Stay Heirloom professionally manages a collection of handcrafted homes designed to bring your group together.
separately and together depending on how much space your group needs. If you love this listing, but you are looking for something you don’t see here, please inquire!

Guest access
Each unit has locks with door codes. Codes and other check-in details will be provided via message and texted to your phone on the day of check-in.

Other things to note
*IMPORTANT DISCLAIMERS*
 
-We have a minimum age requirement for booking this rental. Reservation holder must be 21 years or older.
-We request that guests complete a guest verification process and sign an additional agreement prior to receiving any check-in information. 
-We require that guests provide a valid credit card and piece of ID for identification purposes only.  
-We do not accept peer-to-peer payment systems or any prepaid debit cards as methods of payment. 
-Pets are not allowed at this property. 
-Mailing packages to the premises is not permitted.
-We use Arlo/Hikvision and Noise Aware in our homes. Arlo/Hikvision is a video recording system that has been installed at the front/back doors of the home’s EXTERIOR ONLY, for your safety. NoiseAware is a decibel monitoring system that we use to keep in accordance with local noise regulations.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Heirloom
Host User ID: 276892829
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/276892829
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
At Heirloom, we believe that group travel should never mean compromising on luxury amenities and beautiful design.

We’ve established ourselves across the US, with over 300 listings in premier cities around the country. Whether you’re looking for a relaxing getaway on Nantucket or an upbeat visit to New Orleans, we have the home for you.
My work: Professional Luxury Vacation Rentals
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
17103 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting