URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/6466330
Latitude: 36.1485
Longitude: -86.7867
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your 5-Star Gulch Executive Hub! 🏙️

Experience Nashville’s trendiest district from this stunning 4BR/3.5BA Executive Home! 🎸 Located steps from The Gulch and Music Row, you get a private Rooftop Deck with a Wet Bar 🍸 and panoramic skyline views. Perfectly built for groups, featuring a ground-floor mini-suite and flexible bed conversions. Walk to top-tier dining and shopping! Secure 2-car garage included 🚗. Service animals welcome. Safe, stylish, and built for your Music City adventure! 🤠✨

The space
Welcome to your Gulch Executive Retreat! 🎻

Elevate your Nashville adventure in this meticulously designed, executive-style sanctuary. Perfectly situated in the heart of The Gulch—Nashville’s premier district for fashion, food, and high-end living—this home offers a sophisticated blend of modern luxury and southern hospitality. Whether you're here for a conference at the Music City Center, a university visit, or to explore the neon lights of Broadway, you are in the city's most prestigious and convenient "Goldilocks" zone.

💎 The Executive Advantage:

The Skyline Sky Deck: Our crowning jewel. A private rooftop escape featuring a Full Wet Bar, unblocked views of the Nashville skyline, and plenty of lounge seating. It’s the ultimate spot for networking or sunset cocktails.

Group Privacy Layout: Forget sharing cramped spaces. Our layout includes a ground-floor Mini-Suite for maximum privacy and a 3rd-floor social level, keeping the sleeping and entertaining zones perfectly separated.

Unbeatable Walkability: You are steps from everything. Stroll to world-class dining, boutique shopping, Vanderbilt University, and the legendary Recording Studios of Music Row.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown (Sleeps 10):

1st Floor:

Bedroom 1 (Mini-Suite): 1 Queen Bed + Private En-Suite Full Bath 🛌🚿

2nd Floor:

Bedroom 2 (Primary): 1 King Bed + Luxe En-Suite (Tub & Separate Shower) 👑🛀

Bedroom 3: 2 Twin Beds (Convertible to 1 King upon request) 🛌🛌

Bedroom 4: 1 Queen Bed (Shares Full Hallway Bath w/ Bedroom 3) 🛌

3rd Floor:

Main Social Area: Kitchen, Living Room, Half Bath, and Queen Sleeper Sofa 🛋️🍳

Extras: 2 Twin Rollaway beds available for flexible sleeping arrangements.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Coordinating a group of 10? We make your arrival safe and stress-free.

Digital Keyless Entry: No physical keys to share or lose. You will receive a unique, secure code generated specifically for your group.

Contactless: Arrive whenever you're ready after 4 PM—ideal for staggered group arrivals or late-night check-ins.

Private 2-Car Garage: Secure on-site parking in a district where parking is a high-value premium.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

The Gulch Dining: Don't miss Adele’s for a world-class brunch or Whiskey Kitchen for a lively night out. 🍹

Music Row (2 min walk): Explore where the hits are made in the heart of the recording industry. 🎸

Broadway (4 min drive): A lightning-fast ride to the world-famous Honky Tonks like Tootsie’s. 👢

Music City Center (5 min drive): The easiest commute for business travelers and convention-goers.

Local Tip: Walk to Edgehill Village for unique shopping and a morning coffee at Bongo Java—it’s the perfect way to beat the downtown crowds!

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a pet-free environment. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Guest access
Guests are provided a personal, unique access code to the home's secure entry off Hawkins St and from the back deck door. The property rental is of the entire home, driveway, garage, yard, deck & roof-top deck.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
STRP# 201514791

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting