URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1250589380340335588
Latitude: 36.1359
Longitude: -86.757
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Elevate your Nashville experience in this striking three-story townhouse, located in the heart of the city’s most exciting creative district. Perfectly positioned between the high-end dining of Wedgewood-Houston and the neon lights of Broadway, our home offers a sophisticated blend of urban luxury and group-friendly comfort. With an on-site coffee shop for your morning latte and a spacious, private balcony for sunset cocktails, this is Music City living at its finest.

The space
Step into your Nashville home base—this stylish three-story townhouse is perfectly set in one of the city’s most vibrant creative neighborhoods. Just minutes from the upscale dining of Wedgewood-Houston and the energy of Broadway, you’ll enjoy the best of both worlds. With an on-site coffee shop for your morning pick-me-up and a private balcony for evening drinks, this space is designed for a comfortable and memorable stay.

The Space

This home is spread across three levels, offering a great balance of shared space and privacy—perfect for groups traveling together.

Level 1 (Entry)
Private entrance with a welcoming foyer.

Level 2 (Main Living Area)
Open-concept kitchen, dining, and living space—ideal for gathering and relaxing.
Also located on this floor:
• Bedroom 1: King Bed
• Full Bathroom

Sleeping Arrangements (Designed for Groups)

Level 3 (Upper Floor)
• Bedroom 2: Two (2) Queen Beds — spacious and perfect for sharing

• Additional Sleeping Area: One (1) Queen Bed

A cozy, private nook converted from a large walk-in closet
Accessed through a Jack-and-Jill bathroom
Great for guests who want their own tucked-away space

✔️ Total Beds: 1 King + 3 Queen Beds
✔️ Ideal for groups who want both comfort and flexibility

Private Balcony
Located on the top floor—perfect for enjoying fresh air, morning coffee, or winding down after a day in the city.

Whether y’all are in town to explore, relax, or celebrate, this layout makes it easy for everyone to stay comfortably under one roof.

The Location:
You are minutes away from the best of Nashville. Walk to Geodis Park for a match, or take a short 2.5-mile Uber to the world-famous Honky Tonks on Broadway.

Points of Interest & Local Hotspots

Top Local Eating Spots:

Bastion (WeHo): An incredible, high-end hidden gem for a tasting menu experience.

The Flamingo Cocktail Club: A chic, retro-vibe spot for sophisticated drinks and dancing.

Dozen Bakery: The best artisanal breads and pastries in the city, right in your neighborhood.

The Gulch Dining: A short drive to Adele’s or Kayne Prime Steakhouse for a VIP dinner.

Nashville Venues & Culture:

Geodis Park: Walk to Nashville SC soccer matches.

Soho House Nashville: Located in WeHo—the pinnacle of the local creative and social scene.

The Adventure Science Center: A great high-end family stop just moments away.

Premier Golf Courses:

Hermitage Golf Course: Exceptional greens and a luxury clubhouse experience.

Shelby Park Golf Course: A historic, scenic course closer to the city center.

4. Photo Captions (Top 5 Photos)
Exterior/Front View: "Modern urban living in Nashville’s trendiest district. Welcome to your WeHo home base."

Living Room: "Open, airy, and flooded with light. The perfect space for morning coffee or late-night laughs."

Bedroom 1 (King): "The King Suite: High-thread-count linens and designer touches for a restful night’s sleep."

Bedroom 2: "Double the luxury. Two queen beds and direct access to the third-floor balcony."

The 'Secret' Queen Room: "Bespoke comfort. Our converted sleeping nook offers a private, cozy retreat for extra guests."

Guest access
Accessibility: "Please note this is a classic three-story townhouse with stairs. It’s perfect for those who enjoy an elevated view and a vertical layout, but there is no elevator on-site."

Our guest have access to entire townhome!

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting