URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1680694757172045900
Latitude: 36.1903
Longitude: -86.7594
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Modern Luxury in the heart of East Nashville. HUGE rooftop deck with outdoor furniture & a TV, plus a large backyard patio with chairs around a firepit, a porch and a kids playhouse. Located in the trendy Cleveland Park area - right across the street from a huge park. Walk to nearby restaurants & coffee shops. Just 10 min to Downtown Broadway Bars or 13 min to the Opry. Washer/Dryer in the home, gas fireplace, smart TVs, and free street parking. Enjoy relaxing in this beautiful home!

The space
HIGHLIGHTS: 

★ 5 Beds - 1 King Bed, Queen over Queen Bunk Bed, 2 Full Beds 
★ 3 Bedrooms
★ 2 Full size spacious bathrooms + Half-Bath
★ HUGE rooftop deck with a TV, chairs and a dining table
★ Back patio and porch with outdoor seating, a fire pit and a kids playhouse
★ Smart TVs with all the streaming apps in the living room, all bedrooms and on the rooftop!
★ Dining table with seating for 6, plus seating for 5 at the large kitchen island
★ Walk to restaurants, coffee shops, bars, and shopping
★ Located next to family-friendly Cleveland Park, in the heart of hip East Nashville
★ Only 10 min to Downtown Broadway Bars and 13 min to the Grand Ole Opry
★ Less than 5 min to Kroger, Publix, Starbucks, and many other local food & drink options
★ Washer/Dryer (free to use)
★ Fully equipped kitchen for all of your cooking needs
★ Gas fireplace in the living room 
★ High-speed internet
★ Hair dryers, shampoo, conditioner and body wash provided
★ Full-length mirrors
★ Clothes Steamer
★ Adjustable thermostat
★ Outdoor kids playhouse
★ Hassle-free check-in with no keys, just codes 
★ Located next to a park where you can play baseball or your kids can play on the playground.
★ Coffee maker and coffee provided
★ Fire pit on back patio (we do not provide propane)

BEDS (all located on the second floor of the house)
Bedroom 1: King bed
Bedroom 2: Queen over Queen Bunk Bed
Bedroom 3: 2 Full Beds

BATHROOM: 
Bathroom 1: Full size with standing shower, rainfall shower head, and a standalone bathtub, attached to the primary King bedroom.
Bathroom 2: Full-size jack-and-jill with shower/tub combo, connecting bedrooms 2 and 3.
Bathroom 3: Half bath on the main floor

NO parties or locals guests allowed to book this property. Only the number of guests listed with the reservation allowed at the property at all times. This is monitored with outside cameras. Do not book if you can't follow these rules. Street parking is available. Do not park in the driveways or garage behind the property. The apartment behind the property is not included in the booking.

After a fun day out exploring Nashville, come back to relax in this chic, spacious and inviting home. It is the perfect mix of modern style + southern comfort. All aspects of our home were thoughtfully designed with ease for your vacation experience in mind. Spend your downtime in the cozy living room, playing with the kids in the backyard, or spread out relaxing on your private rooftop deck. Street parking is free, the airport is only about 15 minutes away, and there are plenty of affordable Ubers, Lyft and taxis available. Our home is in a great location to enjoy all the things that Nashville has to offer.

Nearby Spots (alphabetical order):

★ All People Coffee
★ Bartaco
★ Basement East (music venue)
★ Board & Brush Creative Studio
★ Cleveland Park
★ Dino’s Bar
★ Edley’s BBQ
★ Emmy Squared
★ Flora + Fauna (coffee and brunch)
★ Five Points Pizza
★ Folk
★ Golden Pony cocktail bar
★ Hola Yoga
★ Kisser (Japanese)
★ Lil Cee’s Soul Food
★ Once Upon a Time in France
★ Pelican & Pig
★ Pearl Diver
★ Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden
★ Redheaded Stranger
★ Shed Group Fitness East Nashville
★ Starbucks
★ Southern Grist Brewing Company - East
★ The Underdog 
★ The Urban Juicer
★ Tower Market & Deli
★ Wilburn Street Tavern
★ Xiao Bao.

Guest access
You will have the entire house to yourself.

Other things to note
Early check in times selected through the app are not applicable. If you would like early check in, you must message us.

All pets must be approved by us in advance of your booking.

The garage is not available for use. There is a separate apartment on the property, located above the garage. A tenant lives there and does not have any access to the main house or patio areas, which you will be renting. 

There is no fence separating the house next door, or the garage.

We do not provide propane for the outdoor fire pit. Some may have been left by a previous guest. If not, you can pick some up from the store down the street.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amy
Host User ID: 416033925
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/416033925
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I am an experienced Airbnb host. I have been renting out homes through Airbnb for over 15 years. My team and I are excited to host you and make this a memorable trip. If there's anything we can do to make your stay more enjoyable, please don't hesitate to reach out!
Fun fact: I love to travel and meet new people!
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
11408 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting