URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1693608141156251570
Latitude: 36.1972
Longitude: -86.8277
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Heights by AvantStay, a polished Nashville condo made for group trips, city nights, and easy downtime. This 2-bedroom retreat sleeps 8 with a king suite, 2 queen beds, sleeper sofa, full kitchen, in-unit laundry, and a balcony near dining, nightlife, and top Nashville neighborhoods.

🛏️ Sleeps 8 with king suite, 2 queens + sleeper sofa
🌆 Private balcony + bright, design-forward living space
🎶 Near Germantown, Midtown, The Gulch + Broadway

The space
Set on a scenic bluff in one of Nashville’s growing urban pockets, this polished 2-bedroom condo at The Heights gives your group a stylish place to land between city adventures. With space to sleep 8, a private balcony, bright interiors, and easy access to nearby dining, retail, greenways, and nightlife, it’s a smart home base for exploring Music City.

The main living area feels fresh, open, and easy to settle into, with tall windows, soft blue accents, comfortable seating, and a TV for winding down after Broadway, brunch, or a night out. The kitchen keeps the space feeling social, with stainless steel appliances, a large island with bar seating, and everything needed for casual breakfasts, pre-dinner drinks, or takeout nights around the dining table. Step out onto the balcony for a little fresh air before heading back into the city.

Two bedrooms and 2 bathrooms make the layout ideal for small groups, families, or friends traveling together. The primary bedroom features a king bed, TV, and ensuite bathroom, while the second bedroom offers 2 queen beds for flexible sleeping. A sleeper sofa in the living room adds extra space, bringing the total sleep count to 8. In-unit laundry adds convenience for longer stays or quick outfit refreshes between plans.

From here, Nashville opens up easily. Spend the day hopping between nearby cafés, restaurants, and shops, then head toward Germantown, The Gulch, Midtown, or Broadway when you’re ready for live music, cocktails, and the full city scene. The Heights keeps you close to the action while giving your group a polished place to return to as the night winds down.

Please note:
- The elevator is not available for guest use.
- This unit is located on the third floor, and there are 46 steps from the first floor to the unit. This property is not suitable for guests with mobility limitations.

Looking for more space? City Bluffs condos are located steps from one another and can be rented together to accommodate larger groups.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There's a reason Nashville has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note that this unit requires guests to walk up multiple flights of stairs to access the unit.
- Noise is expected. This home is close to downtown Nashville, so street traffic and city sounds can be heard, especially in the evenings and on weekends. Sound machines and earplugs are provided for your comfort.

Parking Details:
- 2 cars are allowed per unit.
- Parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis in front of the building or to the right as you enter the complex.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2025034988

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting