URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1350719340811628464
Latitude: 36.1783
Longitude: -86.7507
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
- Outrider by AvantStay – Nashville’s specifically designed bachelor retreat & group getaway spot
- Just 10–15 min to Downtown & Broadway’s nightlife
- Four stylish bedrooms + bonus lounge for max hangout space
- Retro arcade, foosball & dartboard for nonstop competition.
- Private balcony with lounge seating & dining area for 4
- Bold, modern interiors tailored for bachelor celebrations
- Fully stocked kitchen & bar seating for fun
- Three full bathrooms + half bath—no waiting in line

The space
Outrider by AvantStay | Nashville’s Bachelor Getaway Headquarters 

Welcome to Outrider — a specifically designed bachelor retreat and ultimate group getaway in Music City. Just 10–15 minutes from the buzz of Downtown and Broadway, this reimagined four-bedroom apartment is your crew’s private HQ for celebrating, reconnecting, and living it up in Nashville. 

Outrider's private balcony sets the tone for laid-back mornings and golden-hour hangs. With comfy lounge seating and a dining area for four, it’s perfect for sipping coffee, sharing laughs over local takeout, or raising a toast before hitting the town. 

Inside, the interiors have been redecorated with the elevated spirit of a bachelor trip in mind—bold textures, rich tones, and modern finishes that strike the perfect balance between comfort and cool. The main living area is made for entertaining, with an oversized sectional and mounted TV ideal for pregame playlists or late-night movies. The open kitchen is fully stocked with high-end appliances and bar seating—perfect for whipping up snacks while the conversation keeps flowing. 

Need a quick reset between adventures? A cozy desk nook offers just enough quiet for catching up on fantasy football or last-minute planning. Upstairs, a bonus lounge with its own TV adds even more space to rally the crew. And when it’s game time, challenge the guys to foosball, retro arcade battles, or a few rounds on the indoor putting green before heading out for the next round of Nashville fun.

Four stylish bedrooms give everyone a place to recharge. The primary suite features an ensuite bathroom and plush bedding, while the other rooms share two more full bathrooms and a convenient half bath—so no one’s left waiting. 

Whether you’re bar-hopping along Broadway, catching live music, or just soaking up the city’s creative energy with your crew, Outrider delivers the launchpad—and the vibe—for a legendary bachelor trip.

Note: Each unit at Outrider is professionally maintained and consistently high-quality, but layouts and decor may vary slightly. Your space will always meet the elevated standards AvantStay is known for.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home allows up to 2 pets for a fee; undisclosed pets brought without AvantStay’s approval may result in a $500 fine per pet.
- Please note our occupancy includes an additional two beyond bed count per unit. Trifold floor mattresses and additional linens can be provided upon request.
- This home allows pets for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- There are 2 flights of stairs present within the unit. Please note this unit may not be suitable for guests with mobility issues.

Parking Details:
1 parking space allowed per unit. 
Street parking is available.
Please note: Vehicles must be parked only in approved areas to avoid towing.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

STR Permit Registration Number: 202/204/7701

Registration Details
2022047701

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville Hotels
Host User ID: 590443663
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/590443663
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
I'm obsessed with: Country Music
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 years hosting
757 reviews
4.69 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting