URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/14088893
Latitude: 36.2089
Longitude: -86.739
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Our spacious Tudor style home features 4 bedrooms, 3 full bathrooms, and an open loft on the second floor - perfect for accommodating extra guests - and large fenced in backyard. Great for big groups and families. We are happy to host respectful bachelor(ette) groups. Our home was featured in the music video for Thomas Rhett’s song "Marry Me”!

Only 10 min from Downtown/Broadway, East Nashville's vibrant restaurant/bar scene, Opryland and Skyline Medical.

The space
Welcome to our spacious three-story, 1,800 square foot home! With 4 bedrooms, 3 full bathrooms a 2nd floor open loft space, additional entertaining space, fenced in backyard, deck, fully stocked kitchen and roomy living room, our home is the perfect spot to gather with your family or group of friends. 

Step inside to a spacious living room with a large sectional sofa, a mounted smart TV with a sound bar and a decorative only fireplace. Enjoy cooking in the fully stocked kitchen that has dining seating for 6-8 and flows seamless into the living room, creating the ideal space for both relaxing and socializing. 

Outside the kitchen, there is a deck with seating for 6 and a gas grill, perfect for al fresco dining. The large fenced-in backyard provides plenty of space for kids or pups to play and run around. Parking is easy, with a driveway for at least 3 cars and additional free street parking as well.

Only 10 minutes from downtown and Broadway, you're never far from the honky tonks, music, great restaurants and other must see attractions. Only 10 minutes to Lockeland Springs / 5 Points, Gaylord Opryland Hotel, Skyline Medical and the airport. 

First Floor: 
-Master King Bedroom with TV and Ensuite Bathroom (including a double vanity and a heavenly rainfall shower)
-Bedroom with full size bed and TV
-Full Bathroom with tub & shower
-Living Room with large TV, a comfy sectional and large coffee table, a great setup for board games
-Fully stocked kitchen and dining area, with seating for 6-8 (there are additional chairs if needed)
-Door to outside deck with gas grill and seating, with stairs down to the fully fenced backyard
-Laundry room with washer/dryer with start up laundry supplies

Upstairs Loft Area:
-2 queen beds
-Daybed with 2 twin beds
-Space for an air mattress, if needed
-Full bathroom with shower
-Large smart TV makes this loft a great space to use as a second living area

*Please note that there are not any doors separating the sleeping spaces, just a wall. One queen bed and the daybed are on one side and the other queen bed is on the other side of the wall.

Basement:
-Queen bedroom with its own entrance to the backyard (it is not fully underground and gets good lighting)
-Entertainment space with couches, a mini-game table set with Billiards, Foosball, Ping Pong, etc, table and folding chairs. 
-Space for an air mattress, if needed

Outdoor Space:
-Back deck with dining seating with umbrella for 6
-Gas grill
-Fully fenced large backyard
-Driveway and street parking for at least 3 cars

We are happy to host bachelor and bachelorette groups, and have hosted many, we do ask that you are respectful of our home and neighbors. You are responsible for the actions of all of your guests.

Guest access
You have access to the entire house - please note that the laundry room is also our supply closet, so there is access to the washer/dryer, but also all of our backup house supplies are kept there as well. 

While we strive to minimize guest disturbances, we regularly maintain our home and may conduct lawn care during reservations, particularly on weekdays or during longer stays.

Other things to note
Please remember this is our home so treat it like you would a friend's home and we will do our best to make you feel like you're a friend staying with us!

Please note that the laundry room is also our supply closet, so there is access to the washer/dryer, but also all of our backup house supplies are kept there as well. 

Our home is in a very residential area so we ask that you respect our neighbors and don't party outside so as not to jeopardize our ability to Airbnb. Absolutely no smoking inside or near open exterior doors - there is a $250 fee if this is violated.

We are dog friendly and there is a $125 dog fee, per dog (2 dogs max). This does not cover any damage or yard clean up and all dogs must be house trained. If you are bringing your pup along, we must know at the time of booking and prior to your arrival. Please note that we do not allow cats due to guest allergies.

We have installed exterior only security cameras for the safety of both guest and property. These cameras are actively recording both audio and video outside all entrances and side doors. Any tampering with cameras, including, but not limited to covering and otherwise disabling of these cameras are grounds for early termination of reservation with no refunds whatsoever.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Alyssa
Host User ID: 8008453
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/8008453
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are passionate airbnb hosts and travelers who love meeting new people from all over the world! 

We host our own homes and help cohost for others. Each of our properties is unique and offers different things for different groups, we hope you will call one of them home for your trip! Need help hosting your home? Reach out - we'd love to help! IG HelmsBnB
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Bentley University & Vanderbilt
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
13 years hosting
1226 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
13 years of hosting