URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1332043161744017734
Latitude: 36.1451
Longitude: -86.7849
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 14
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your ideal Nashville stay in Nashville! Perfectly situated just minutes from The Gulch, Broadway, Music Row, and Downtown, this modern and comfortable home offers a prime location for exploring Music City while providing a relaxing retreat to return to at the end of the day. Whether you’re visiting for live music, great food, business, or a fun getaway with friends or family, this home delivers comfort, convenience, and location all in one.

The space
Newly Decorated Jan 2025!! Luxurious 4-Bedroom Home in The Gulch | 14 Beds & Private Rooftop with Skyline Views

Experience the ultimate Nashville getaway in this stunning 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom home, perfectly located in the heart of The Gulch. Designed for large groups and families, this home offers modern luxury, unmatched comfort, and breathtaking rooftop views of the Nashville skyline.

Key Highlights
4 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms: Each bedroom features plush bedding, premium linens, and a private ensuite, ensuring space and privacy for all guests.
14 Beds: Accommodates large groups with flexible sleeping arrangements, including king, queen, and twin beds.
Private Rooftop: Soak in panoramic skyline views while enjoying morning coffee or evening cocktails.
Prime Gulch Location: Steps from trendy restaurants, vibrant bars, local shops, and live music venues. Downtown, 12 South, and Music Row are just minutes away.
Stylish Living & Kitchen Areas: Relax in the chic open-concept living space or cook in the fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances.
Extras for Your Comfort
High-speed WiFi
Smart TVs in every room
Washer and dryer
Private parking
Perfect for bachelorette parties, family reunions, and group getaways, this home delivers an unbeatable location, luxurious amenities, and unforgettable views.

Book now to secure your stay in one of Nashville’s most sought-after homes!

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional. 

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

STR Permit:2018037289

Guest access
Guests will enjoy exclusive access to the entire home, including all bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchen, and living areas.

Self check-in allows for a smooth and flexible arrival, so you can settle in and enjoy your stay right away.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19408 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting