URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1434902516709206451
Latitude: 36.14489
Longitude: -86.82035
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 24
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Bourbon & Bubbles — a West End home built for groups that want comfort and easy access to everything Nashville has to offer. A private rooftop with skyline views and a game room with pool table make it a solid pick for bachelorette weekends, birthdays, and larger family trips. Kick back in the open-concept living space, head up to the rooftop, and ride 2 miles to Broadway. Steps from Vanderbilt, Centennial Park, and every Nashville hotspot.

The space
This property is two homes joined under one roof, set up as a bachelor/bachelorette combo — one side for the bride's group, one side for the groom's. The setup is also a good fit for wedding parties, birthday weekends, family reunions, or any group that needs more room than a single rental provides.

Inside, both sides have a modern look with accent walls throughout. Each home features an open main floor that connects the living area to a fully equipped kitchen.

Each side comes with its own game room, pool table, and wet bar. Groups can stick to their own side or move between the two, whatever works best for the weekend.

Upstairs, each home has its own private rooftop with lounge seating — a nice spot for downtime in the evening or pulling the group together before a night out.

One side can be booked on its own for smaller groups, or the full property can be reserved together to accommodate everyone.

Sleeping: 43 Bed / 7 Bathrooms 

Unit C: 20 Beds

Bedroom 1- 2 queen, 3 full

Bedroom 2- 1 king

Bedroom 3- 6 single

Bedroom 4- 4 full

Bonus Room - 4 single 

Unit D: 18 Beds

Bedroom 1- 2 queen, 3 full

Bedroom 2- 2 full, 1 queen

Bedroom 3- 1 king

Bedroom 4- 4 full 

Bonus Room - 3 single

Garage - 2 single

Guest access
Guests have full private access to both homes, all floors, the game room and the private rooftop deck. 

Free on-site parking is included. 

Self check-in via smart lock means you arrive on your schedule — no meet-and-greet required. Luggage drop and Early Check In is welcome for early arrivals and late departures (just message us to coordinate)

Other things to note
Neighborhood

You're staying in the luxurious West End — one of Nashville's most walkable, upscale, and in-demand neighborhoods. It's the sweet spot: close enough to feel the energy of Music City, far enough that you can actually sleep.

Vanderbilt University is right around the corner, giving the area a lively but safe, well-maintained feel with tree-lined streets and beautiful homes. 

Nearby hotspots include:

- Lower Broadway and the Honky-Tonk Highway — 2 miles
- The Gulch (rooftop bars, shopping, dining) — 1.5 miles
- Music Row — about 1.5 miles
- Centennial Park and the Parthenon — walking distance
- Vanderbilt University — walking distance
- West End’s best restaurants and bars — walking distance

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: WildCrown Properties
Host User ID: 353109186
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/353109186
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi I’m Daniel, I love to travel and stay in the most amazing spaces! With God’s blessings, and hard work, I have been able to purchase some of the most amazing places, and honored to share them with you! It is my life’s dream that I’m able to share my amazing homes for everyone to enjoy. I hope and pray that you find we take a personal and  true “love” for our properties.
My work: Property Management
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
6 years hosting
1251 reviews
4.78 out of 5 average rating
6 years of hosting