URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/32809031
Latitude: 36.1696
Longitude: -86.798
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 6
beds: 14
occupancy: 16
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Double the homes. Double the stories. Double Deuces is two side-by-side designer retreats rented as one — and there's almost nothing like it in Nashville. Two private rooftop patios and an unobstructed skyline view from both. 6 bedrooms, 7 bathrooms, and room for up to 20 guests — yet you're still just 7 minutes from Lower Broadway. Most groups this size get scattered across town. Here, your whole crew stays together with the best seats in Music City. Don't just visit Nashville — take it over!

The space
Finding one designer home that sleeps 10 in Nashville is rare. Finding two of them next door to each other — bookable together for a group of 20 — basically doesn't happen. That's Double Deuces. Walk through either door and the Urban Cowboy aesthetic wraps around you: warm leather, rich textures, Western roots with a modern Nashville edge. Two full homes mean your group can spread out and come together however you want — split the crew between houses, run two kitchens at once, or throw open both rooftops and make it one party across the sky.

Each home anchors around its own main living room: a plush sectional and a 65" HDTV with Apple TV, Netflix, Disney+, Hulu, and HBO Max apps ready for your logins, plus premium cable. Patio doors open across multiple levels overlooking the skyline — so the energy flows inside-out in both homes at once.

OUTDOOR LIVING: TWO ROOFTOP TERRACES & SKYLINE VIEWS

This is the part people can't stop talking about. Two private rooftop patios — each with its own gas fire pit, full wet bar, outdoor furniture, and an unobstructed Nashville skyline view. String lights set the mood on both before a night on Broadway. Mix drinks on one roof, gather around the fire on the other, or open them both up and let the whole group flow between them. This is two skylines, two fire pits, and two bars, all yours.

BEDROOMS & BATHROOMS: EVERYONE HAS THEIR OWN SPACE

Double Deuces sleeps 20 guests across 6 bedrooms and 14 beds, split evenly between the two homes. Each home mirrors the other:

Per home (×2):

Bedroom 1: Queen-over-Queen bunk, entry level, ensuite bath
Bedroom 2: King bed plus fold-out twin couch, ensuite bath
Bedroom 3: Queen-over-Queen bunk, second level, hallway bath access
Living room: Queen sleeper sofa, second level, with hallway half bath

That's seven bathrooms in total (six full plus two half baths) across the two homes — nobody waits before a night out on Broadway, no matter how big the group.

KITCHEN & DINING: TWO FULL KITCHENS

Two complete kitchens mean you can actually feed 20 people without a bottleneck. Each home has a stainless steel gas range, oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, quartz countertops, and an oversized island with bar stools. Each open living area flows into its kitchen, with a 65" HDTV, books, and board games. Each dining table seats 8+ under an industrial chandelier — room for 16+ to sit down to dinner across the two homes, with two more rooftops on standby for the overflow.

EVERYTHING YOU NEED FOR FAMILIES WITH YOUNG CHILDREN

Traveling with babies or toddlers? Both homes are stocked: pack 'n play, high chair, baby bath, changing table, baby monitor, children's books and toys (ages 0+), baby gates, and outlet covers — in each home. Multiple young families can travel together and every household has its own gear. You don't have to pack or rent — it's all here, twice over.

COMFORT & CONVENIENCE BUILT IN

Each home has its own in-unit washer and dryer, so laundry never leaves the property. High-speed WiFi (277 Mbps) and a dedicated workspace behind a real door in each home make it easy to work remotely or handle quick tasks. Portable fans and central heating/air keep everyone comfortable year-round in both houses.

LOCATION & WHAT'S NEARBY

Double Deuces sits at the center of Nashville's most connected corridor — close to iconic neighborhoods, live music, and restaurants, with both homes sharing the same prime address.

Broadway & Lower Broadway (5 min): Nashville's legendary honky-tonk strip — live country music every night, Robert's Western World, Tootsie's Orchid Lounge, dozens of bars with free music starting at noon.

The Gulch (4 min): Nashville's most walkable urban district. WhatLiftsYou angel wings mural, Station Inn for bluegrass and Americana, acclaimed restaurants, cocktail bars, and the Frist Art Museum.

Music Row (8 min): Tour RCA Studio B where Elvis and Dolly Parton recorded. Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum is nearby.

Ryman Auditorium & Museums (6 min): The Mother Church of Country Music. Johnny Cash Museum and Patsy Cline Museum are steps away on the same block.

Marathon Village & Corsair Distillery (walking distance): Converted factory complex with indie shops, studios, and one of Nashville's best craft distilleries.

Bridgestone Arena (6 min): Predators games, major concerts. Centennial Park and the Parthenon replica are 10 minutes west. BNA airport is approximately 20 minutes.

WHO THIS HOME IS BEST FOR

Large celebrating groups: This is the one. Bachelor(ette) parties, milestone birthdays, family reunions, and friend trips that outgrew a single house. Two rooftops for the pre-game, two kitchens to feed everyone, 20 beds under two roofs, and Broadway 5 minutes away — close enough to Uber, far enough to sleep. The whole crew stays together instead of scattering across hotels.

Multi-family trips: Two full homes with their own kitchens, laundry, and complete baby gear means two or three families can travel together and still have their own space. Kids in one house, late-nighters in the other — everyone's happy.

Corporate retreats & team offsites: Six bedrooms, two dedicated workspaces, fast WiFi in both homes, and two rooftop wet bars for working, bonding, and letting Nashville handle the evening agenda. Break into rooms by day, regroup on the rooftops by night.

Music & culture lovers: RCA Studio B, Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame, Grand Ole Opry, Johnny Cash Museum — Nashville's music history within a 4–8 minute drive, with a designer base camp big enough for the whole group.

PARKING: TWO GARAGES, TWO DRIVEWAYS & STREET PARKING

Double Deuces includes two private two-car residential garages — four covered, secure spaces in total — a serious luxury in urban Nashville, where street parking is competitive and paid lots are expensive. Vehicles stay off the street and out of the weather. Additional free street parking is available nearby for extra cars. For rideshare arrivals, the alley drop-off is easy and well-lit. No passes, permits, or meters required.

Guest access
You'll have full, private access to both homes — all bedrooms, bathrooms, living rooms, kitchens, dining, laundry, rooftops, garages, and driveways.

Check-in is self-guided via smart lock — your unique code arrives before you do. No waiting, no key exchange. Check-in after 3:00 PM; Checkout by 10:00 AM.

Exterior security cameras are at access points for everyone's safety. We offer fully private entrances — no shared lobby or hallway with other guests.

Other things to note
Maximum 20 guests. No smoking inside (the rooftop is fine). 

Service animals are welcome per ADA guidelines. No pets. 

No parties or gatherings beyond your registered guest group. Quiet hours begin at 10:00 PM — North Gulch is part urban core meets residential, and our neighbors are part of what makes this neighborhood special.

Please treat our home as your own and report any issues promptly. We're here to help if anything needs attention.

We genuinely love this area of town and this home, and we know you will too!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chandler
Host User ID: 96739684
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/96739684
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Howdy, y’all! We’re Kim and Chandler—a husband-and-wife duo with a passion for hospitality and creating unforgettable stays. Since 2016, we’ve been welcoming guests to Nashville, blending Southern charm with thoughtful design. As avid travelers, we know what makes a stay special, and we’re dedicated to providing an authentic local experience. Our goal is sharing the magic of Music City while making every guest feel at home. We'd love to host you!
Where I went to school: Louisiana Tech University
My work: Digital Entrepreneur
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
700 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting