URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/38461435
Latitude: 36.1685
Longitude: -86.8009
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 6
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Come experience Nashville like a true local! This listing is for BOTH units of a back-to-back Duplex (not connected from the inside) with 6 bedrooms, 4 full bathrooms, with 10 queen size beds. We provide our guests with everything you need for you to feel like you're home away from home! Perfect for joint bachelor and bachelorette groups!

✔ 6 bedrooms sleep 20
✔ 4 full bathrooms
✔ 2.2 Miles to Downtown
✔ 10 Queen Beds
✔ Toiletries, coffee, cream, sugar, & more

The space
Our home is located in a vibrant and up and coming neighborhood, a quick drive 2 miles from Downtown, The Gulch and Germantown!  Downtown, The Gulch and Germantown! Two stylish homes with modern updates located in a vibrant neighborhood in central Nashville. Six bedrooms, four full bathrooms, with 10 memory foam queen size beds. The homes have everything you need for you to feel like you're home away from home! We are centrally located to many local shops, landmarks, restaurants, music venues and parks.

To make your stay the most comfortable, you will find stocked toiletries, coffee, cream and sugar. Coffee maker, microwave, toaster, hair dryer, iron and ironing table are available during your stay!

★ LIVING ROOM ★

Dramatic and bold, this space was created for making unforgettable memories. Whether you’re here to catch up with old friends or make new lifelong friendships, this is a space where you can truly be yourself. 

✔ Open-concept layout for easy socializing
✔ Couch, chairs, coffee table & TV
✔ High-speed Wi-Fi + books & reading material
✔ 50” HDTV Smart TV w/Roku

★ KITCHEN ★

The kitchen is well equipped with an electric range, dishwasher, refrigerator, drip coffee maker (complimentary coffee provided), pots, pans, bakeware, cutting boards, microwave, knives and just about everything you'll need for cooking and entertaining! 

✔ Fully equipped kitchen for all your cooking needs
✔ Appliances including fridge, freezer, stove, oven, dishwasher, and microwave
✔ Coffee maker, baking sheets, coffee mugs and wine glasses included
✔ Complimentary coffee!

★ DINING ★

We believe that where you eat is just as important as what you eat and who you eat with! This is why we’ve designed this dining space to facilitate a warm, welcoming environment for all!

✔ Open-concept dining area for sit-down meals 	
✔ Dining table with seat settings for 4
✔ Place settings and dining utensils

★ BEDROOMS ★

With all the exciting sights that Nashville offers, you’re going to need your energy to maximize your time here! Be sure to get a good night’s rest every night during your stay. Each bedroom has been decorated with a simple, clean design to provide you with a sense of ease and tranquility. Each bedroom also features nightstands and bed lamps for your convenience.

✔ 6 bedrooms decorated with a simple, clean design
✔ 10 queen-sized beds with crisp sheets and fluffy pillows
✔ Can comfortably sleep 20 guests

★ BATHROOMS ★

Enjoy the comfort of two full bathrooms with showers, soaking tubs, and essential toiletries included. Wrap up in fluffy towels, and take advantage of the hair dryer and iron for added convenience. Relax and recharge in style!

✔ 4 full bathrooms
✔ Showers and soaking tubs
✔ Essential toiletries included (shampoo, conditioner, body wash, soap)
✔ Awesome fluffy towels
✔ Hair dryer and iron also available

★ OTHER AMENITIES ★

Free parking is available to all guests, you can fit 4-6 cars in the driveways, street parking is also available. If you don’t have a car, that won’t be a problem – Uber and Lyft are readily available as well as scooters for rent! Also, there are many great neighborhoods and attractions that are only a 5-10 minute drive. 

Free laundry is also included with your stay. There is an in-unit washer and dryer available for your use should you need to refresh your clothing during your stay. 

You might notice there are a lot of plants throughout – both inside and outside! We hope this touch of greenery brings a little bit of extra joy to your stay.

Guest access
Guests have access to both Unit A and B. Feel free to make use of all the amenities provided. 

Note that there is to be no parties (bachelor and bachelorette parties are welcome), events, pets, or smoking during your stay. Please treat our home the way you’d treat your home!

Other things to note
Unit A has parking on premises for up to 4 cars and additional street parking. Unit B  has parking on premises for up to 2 compact cars. Please do not block the alley, do not park in the church parking lot or on our neighbors' property. If you park in these areas, your car may be towed.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Irena
Host User ID: 223345462
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/223345462
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We have lived in Nashville for over 20 years! We love experiencing our city grow into the vibrant metropolis it is today. We enjoy trying new local restaurants, spending time outdoors with our kids and dogs and exploring the local music scene. As avid travelers ourselves, we always strive to make our guests experience the most comfortable and enjoyable stay in our homes!
My work: Counselor
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
504 reviews
4.86 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting