URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1090588972129046279
Latitude: 36.1396
Longitude: -86.7941
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Calling all Swifties! Let us be the first to welcome you to our brand new townhome - Music Row (Taylor’s Version). 

Our home is located on Nashville's iconic, “Music Row” - home to music record labels, radio stations and renown recording studios. Music Row is the heart of Nashville's iconic country music industry and marks the beginning of Taylor’s career.

The space
We are located within walking distance to Belmont and Vanderbilt University, as well as plenty of restaurants and bars. Lastly, we are only 1.5 miles to Downtown Broadway!

Our 2000 sqft home consists of 4 bedrooms and 4.5 baths sprawled along 3 floors that fits up to 10 guests. Each bedroom has been professionally decorated with the ultimate Swiftie in mind and themed to one of Taylor Swift's albums. All bedrooms have an ensuite bathroom to ensure the utmost guest privacy. 

First Floor, Bedroom 1: It’s the first kiss, it’s flawless, really something, it’s… “FEARLESS”
- 1 Queen Memory Foam Bed, TV, Dresser + Ensuite Full Bathroom w/ Walk-In Shower

First Floor, Bedroom 2: Loving him was… “RED” 
- Custom build bunk bed with 1 Queen Memory Foam Bed located on the bottom and 1 Twin Memory Foam Bed on top﻿, TV, Dresser + Ensuite Full Bathroom w/ Walk-In Shower

Second Floor, Bedroom 3: Darling, you’re my, my, my, my,… “LOVER” 
- 1 King Memory Foam Bed, ﻿TV, Dresser + Ensuite Full Bathroom w/ Walk-In Shower

Second Floor, Bedroom 4: He stayed the same, All of me changed, like… “MIDNIGHT” 
- 1 Queen Memory Foam Bed, ﻿TV, Dresser + Ensuite Full Bathroom w/ Walk-In Shower

Third Floor: “In my Nashville era..”
- Kitchen
- Dining Room
- Living Room
- Half Bath
- Balcony

We offer the finest quality and amenities to make your stay luxurious, relaxing and enjoyable! In each bedroom and bathroom, you will find hotel style linens, towels, and travel toiletries. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you could need - Keurig, pots and pans, dining ware, filtered ice, dining room seating, and so much more! The unit is also equipped with high speed internet and “smart” capabilities such as an Alexa for all your music streaming needs, 4k TV with Netflix and Hulu, Coded Door Locks personalized for each guest’s stay, recessed lighting with dimmer controls to adjust to your mood, and a Nest Thermostat to control the AC to your specific liking. 

Parking: Each reservation has 2 parking spots. Parking is located behind the units that are accessible through a walkway located between 16th and 17th Ave.

Guest access
Note: Guests have access to the entire townhome. This townhome is located within a development that consists of 7 units. Our townhome is completely private with only a shared walkway between all the units. There are 2 locked owner supply closets that will remained locked during the duration of your stay.

Other things to note
Check-In/Check-out: Early check-ins or late check-outs must be prearranged, please contact us for additional details. We are unable to accommodate luggage drop off requests, but we recommend guests contact Stow Station.

Security: Please be aware that you are located in a big city. We highly encourage keeping all doors locked when not in use and do not leave any valuables left unattended in your vehicle(s). We ask this to ensure the safety of all our guests and property. Goltz Enterprise will not be liable for any missing or stolen items removed from the premises, including parked cars. 

Disclaimer: Due to Nashville's very strict short term rental rules, guests must agree to the following so there is no risk that our short term permit will be revoked:
-Additional guests outside of your confirmed guest count are not allowed on the property unless pre-approved prior to stay.
-Zero tolerance policy of the property being used as a home base for those outside of your confirmed guest count. 
-If the confirmed guest count is exceeded without prior approval, guests will be asked to leave immediately and charged a $500 fine. There are exterior cameras installed for safety; however, we reserve the right to use them as a way to verify guest count.
-Upon confirming your booking, guests are subject to all House and Community Rules, which includes this disclaimer.

Come be a part of our version of Swiftie Nation! We cannot wait to pamper you and welcome you to Music City! Book now so that you can visit all that Nashville has to offer at Music Row (Taylor's Version).

Nashville STR Permit #2024012145

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sara
Host User ID: 396683995
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/396683995
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello there! Let Us Introduce Ourselves...  We are Goltz Enterprise, based in Buffalo, NY.  We are fully committed to curating luxurious and relaxing stays for each of our guests. We can't wait to get to meet you and welcome you to your home!
Where I went to school: George Washington University
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
225 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting