URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1359765915820124307
Latitude: 36.2352
Longitude: -86.8274
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 8
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the ultimate balance between staying in and heading out. Situated on 1.35 private, tree-lined acres in North Nashville, this spacious home offers an unmatched selection of on-site entertainment alongside comfortable group living. Relax in the private gazebo hot tub after a day downtown, or spend an afternoon exploring the endless yard and game options.

The space
Located just 15 minutes by rideshare from Broadway, The Gulch, and Music Row, you get the convenience of Music City's world-class dining and nightlife combined with a private, peaceful sanctuary to recharge.

The Space
Designed specifically with groups in mind, this property features an open-plan main floor layout that flows effortlessly out to the back deck, paired with an expansive lower-level game complex.

KEY FEATURES:
☆ Sleeps 10 across 3 bedrooms and two open-plan living areas
☆ Private gazebo hot tub, full basketball court, putting green, volleyball net, cornhole, and propane grill deck
☆ Open-plan kitchen with granite countertops, stainless steel appliances, and a dedicated coffee station
☆ Dog-friendly with prior notice (pet cleaning fee applies)
☆ Dedicated lower-level Pool Hall (pool table, card table, darts) plus a separate Ping Pong room
☆ Free on-site parking for multiple vehicles, including a covered driveway
☆ 15 minutes to downtown Nashville attractions via easily accessible Uber/Lyft rideshares
☆ Dedicated host support and fully contactless digital check-in

Expect a five-star stay with us. We offer direct host support throughout your entire stay and contactless self check-in.

BEDROOMS
☆ Bedroom 1 (Main Floor): Queen bed with memory foam mattress
☆ Bedroom 2 (Main Floor): Queen bed with memory foam mattress
☆ Bedroom 3 (Basement Level): Two Queen beds, one Twin bed, and an attached en-suite bathroom
☆ Main Living Room: Two single sleeper chairs
☆ Basement Living Room: One full sleeper sofa and one single sleeper chair

BATHROOMS
☆ Bathroom 1 (Main Floor): Full shared bathroom serving the main level
☆ Bathroom 2 (Basement Level): Full en-suite bathroom attached to Bedroom 3 with a stand-up shower

KITCHEN & LOUNGE
☆ Kitchen: Open-plan layout, granite countertops, new stainless steel appliances, and wide counters ideal for group prep
☆ Coffee Station: Dedicated setup for your morning brew
☆ Main Living Room: Bright open space seamlessly connecting the kitchen, main living area, and back deck
☆ Lower-Level Game Complex: Includes a dedicated Pool Hall featuring a full pool table, card table, and darts, plus a completely separate Ping Pong room

OUTSIDE SPACE
☆ Gazebo: Private covered gazebo featuring a hot tub
☆ Yard Sports: Private basketball court, putting green, volleyball net, and cornhole set up across 1.35 private acres
☆ Main Deck: Off the main floor, equipped with a propane grill and outdoor seating

★Book Today & Let Us Take Care Of You In Nashville! ★

Guest access
☆ Fully contactless via smart lock keyless entry; your unique access code is sent prior to arrival.

Other things to note
☆ Requirements: A signed Online Check-in Form is required prior to receiving check-in instructions and unique door access.
☆ Parking: Plenty of free parking available on-site, including space in the covered driveway.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mark
Host User ID: 478827477
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/478827477
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I’m Mark— here to make your vacation truly unforgettable.

Together with my brilliant and thoughtful team, we're here to make your vacation GREAT! Our Property Curators are 100% focused on your comfort. It is our job to ensure you feel taken care of every step of your trip! We know we are here because of YOU and we feel this differentiates us from so many other hosts in the market!

Let us know how we can make your stay a 5-Star stay!
Born in the 70s
Where I went to school: South Africa
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
1593 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting