URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1343697436669843661
Latitude: 36.1476674568835
Longitude: -86.85950594647844
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Find your wild at The Sapphire House!

The space
Get ready to walk into this one-of-a-kind, jungle themed oasis in the heart of Music City! The Sapphire House is designed with elegance and royalty in mind; with ceilings full of starry night skies, walls adorned in flowering vines, colorful neon lights, and numerous hand painted murals. 

The Sapphire House boasts endless photo op locations, a rooftop deck with views of the Nashville skyline, a unique glam area equipped with lights and mirrors for getting ready together, a two car garage, an electric fireplace, and a fully stocked kitchen.

Located in a gated community, we are only 4 miles from Broadway (about a ten minute Uber ride). 

EARLY CHECK IN AND LATE CHECK OUT OPTIONS FOR A FEE (based upon availability) 

BEDROOM LAYOUT:
1st floor bedroom: Queen bed with twin size pull out bed and en-suite bathroom 
2nd floor bedroom: Queen bed with full size pull out bed 
3rd floor bedroom: Bunkbed with two queen beds and full size pull out bed; en-suite bathroom 
Master bedroom:  King size bed with en-suite bathroom
4th floor: Rooftop deck 

SPECIAL GUEST PROMOTIONS:
All promotional codes will be sent with a booking confirmation

1. Honkey Tonk Party Express- Book a reservation and get 15% off of party bus experiences, shuttles, and packages, and 20% off merch. I highly recommend doing this! I did it for my own bachelorette and had the time of my life. 

2. Pontoon Saloon- Expect to be mingling, dancing, and boozing to the best mix of tunes while cruising down the river. All of our cruises include a Captain, party host, sound system, restroom, and plenty of ice with coolers for your beverage of choice. It's the best honky tonk booze cruise on the water! Guests get 5% off all cruises. 

3. BachMe- They do it all from planning your bachelorette or party itinerary, to decorating your Airbnb, stocking the fridge, charcuterie boards, and cheeky butler services!

4. Dash of Nash Decor- Take the stress out of party planning and decorating! Whether it's a bachelorette party, a birthday, or a themed get-together, we'll handle all your decor needs! 

5. Bach Bar Nash- a fun, mobile bartending experience thats guaranteed to get your party going! Book a reservation and get 10% off services. 

6. Shes Got Baggage- arriving in Nashville early or have a late flight? She’s Got Baggage will pick up, store, and deliver bags back to you while you enjoy more of your Nashville visit. Our guests get 10% off. 

7. Bach2BachPhotography- Professional photography at your location choice (Airbnb, local murals, party bus, etc). Our guests get 15% off. 

8. Bad Girls Yoga- Join Bad Girls Yoga for our signature Namaste then Rosé class! The practice of yoga is all about balance. And that’s the mission of Bad Girls Yoga: a mixture of yoga, pilates and strength training. Every session is tailored specifically for you, right down to the playlist with all of your favorite songs.  All classes end with aromatherapy and a Rosé toast. Stay with us and get 10% off! 

9. BarBees Bartending- A mobile cocktail class that will shake up your girls trip! Our guests get 10% off bartending classes! 

10. Big Green Tractor Tours- A BYOB party wagon with multiple tours throughout the city. Our guests get 10% off tours.

11. Woo Girl Wear- Create custom rhinestone bedazzled cowboy hats perfect for bridal & bachelorette parties, birthdays, and anyone wanting to make a statement at a concert. Hats can be delivered to your Airbnb or shipped anywhere in the US.  Our guests get a 10% discount. 

12. Hell on Wheels- Tour Nashville on a huge military truck while also giving back to Homes for our Troops. Our guests get 15% off our experience to Party With a Purpose 🇺🇸🦅💪🏻

13. Tastify- A private chef that cooks personalized meals in the privacy of your own Airbnb. Guests receive 10% off.

14. Belle Meade Historic Site and Winery- Explore the beautiful grounds of the historic Belle Meade mansion and receive 15% off a Wine & Food Pairing, Bourbon Experience, or a Wine, Bourbon, & Food Pairing.

15. Fetii- a group rideshare app that uses 14-passenger sprinter vans, so you and your friends can stay together without splitting up — complete with fun party lights for an unforgettable experience! New Fetii Users get 3 free rides and Existing Fetii Users get 25% off 3 rides.

16. Trapped Escape Game- Try out an escape room with a race-against-time experience that will require your group’s collective intellect, ingenuity, and problem-solving skills to escape. Guests receive 20% off! 

17. Bridal Spa Sesh with Taylor Bero - Indulge in a 1-2 hour pampering sesh with your bridal party when you need to reset your skin after your fun night! This is a complimentary free service provided by Skincare and Beauty Director, Taylor Bero! 

18. Music City Gents- Nashville’s hottest cowboy burlesque show! Featuring abs of steel, fire, dancing, and gents! Party bus packages available. Stay with us and get 20% off. 

19. Anomalie Beauty Agency- a glam squad that specializes in offering hair, makeup, spray tanning, group classes and more, all in the location that you choose! Guests get 15% off all services. 

20. Ranch Hands Cowboylesque- Saddle up for a night of excitement. Join for a show of music, dancing, and comedy performed by our dashing, shirtless cowboys. Or join us for a Brunch of Cowboys! Guests get 10% off! 

21. And She Bakes- Nashville bakery with the most exquisite, bespoke, custom cakes. Your guests should be able to have their cake, and eat it, too! Offering both pick up and delivery options! Get 10% off your custom order.

22. Lets Hibachi- Private in-home hibachi experience. Guests get 10% off.

23. Rockstar Hibachi: Private in-home hibachi experience. Guests get 10% off.

24. The Balanced Bachelorette: Private yoga sessions. Guests get 10% off. 

25. Stag & Hen: The cutest bachelorette party accessories & decor. Guests get 20% off. 

We are currently working with other companies to organize more promotions for our guests. If there are any specific businesses you are interested in, let me know and I can try to reach out and set up a partnership!

Explore the Area:
5 mins: SandBar Nashville
5 mins: Climb Nashville 
7 mins: Centennial Park 
7 mins: McCabe Golf Course 
7 mins: Tennessee State University 
8 mins: Broadway
8 mins: Midtown 
8 mins: The Parthenon
8 mins: Nashville Yards 
9 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Course 
9 mins: Vanderbilt University 
10 mins: Music Row 
10 mins: The Gulch
10 mins: Country Music Convention
10 mins: Music City Convention Center 
10 mins: RCA Studio 
10 mins: Germantown 
10 mins: Nissan Stadium 
12 mins: Johnny Cash Museum 
12 mins: Belmont Mansion and Belle Meade Winery
12 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center 
20 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Guest access
Guest have private access to the entire townhome and rooftop.

Other things to note
Notice for Weekday Reservations:
Our trash day is on Tuesday. Our handyman will take the trash cans out from the garage to the front curb on Monday evening, and bring the trash can back inside on Tuesday evening. They only enter directly through the garage to take the trash cans out.

The garage fits two vehicles. Any additional vehicles must park on the street or the large Kroger lot next door.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Courtney
Host User ID: 28464442
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/28464442
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My fiancé and I both work full time as first responders.  I love traveling and have backpacked through every continent in the world (besides Antarctica!).  

I recently had my own bachelorette party in Nashville and fell in love with the live music, positive environment, and amazing people, so we decided to create the ultimate bachelorette haven/ girls trip to share with you all! We hope you love Nashville and The Pink Cowgirl as much as we do!
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: San Diego State University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
252 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting