URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1608060299358350156
Latitude: 36.14937
Longitude: -86.77774
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your perfect Nashville getaway! Nestled in the heart of The Gulch, this stylish Airbnb offers a prime location and all the comforts of home. Whether you're here to explore the city's lively music scene, dine at world-class restaurants, or experience Nashvilles unique charm, you'll love the convenience of being within walking distance to Downtown, Midtown, and The Gulch.

Perfect for couples, solo adventurers, or families who want to experience Nashville in a vibrant, central location.

The space
"Life is Beautiful" - enjoy it here!

*The Space

->Spacious Living Room: Comfortable seating, a smart TV for streaming your favorite shows, and plenty of natural light.

->Fully Equipped Kitchen: high-end appliances, cookware, and a Ninja coffee maker! Dining table for two!

->Cozy Bedroom: Relax in a plush king-sized bed with luxury linens for a peaceful night’s sleep

->Modern Bathroom: Featuring sleek finishes, a shower/tub combo, and plush towels!

*Amenities:

Fast Wi-Fi
Pool + Decks
Gym
In-unit washer/dryer
Complimentary toiletries, coffee, and snacks

Dedicated parking (for a fee, subject to availability)

Parking Space for $15/night, please secure this upon booking, not guaranteed last minute

!!Why You’ll Love It!!

Walkable to everything: Whether you're here for a bachelorette weekend, a music festival, or just a getaway, you'll love how easy it is to explore the city's best spots by foot.

Trendy & Comfy Vibes: Enjoy the perfect balance of style and comfort, with a thoughtful design that makes you feel right at home.

Perfect for Groups or Solo Travelers: Ideal for couples, solo adventurers, or small groups looking to experience Nashville in a hip, central location.

-> Please note this is a smart building, you will need to download an app to unlock all doors/gates in the building so please make sure you're okay with the tech
-> We are in the city limits and there are trains that pass through, you will hear them, we do have sound machines to block noise

Guest access
OUR COMMUNITY GUIDELINES (a message from the management of the complex)

Our Community takes the safety, security, sanity, and slightliness of our amenities, parking garage, apartment homes, hallways, etc. very seriously. Because of that, we operate under a Zero Tolerance policy in regards to our Community Standards listed below.

Violations of these policies will result in non-reversible fines being automatically added to the rental ledger in the amount of $500 for the First Offense and $1,000 for the Second and Following Offenses.

Community Standards:
1. No glass bottles, containers, etc. at the Pool and Outdoor Amenities:
Why?
- Broken glass near water is nearly impossible to clean up safely. It’s a hazard for everyone’s feet. If
broken glass is found, the entire pool must be closed, drained, and repeatedly deep cleaned over a
week’s duration.
2. No more than two (2) guests per apartment are permitted in amenity areas at any time.
Why?
- Amenities are for residents first. Limiting guests keeps spaces available, clean, and manageable.
3. Pets, other than verified service animals, are not permitted in the pool or amenity areas.
Why?
- Health and safety. Even the best pups can shed, scratch, or pee/poop. Again, this causes the area to be
closed and deep cleaned.
4. Quiet Hours – Quiet hours are from 10:00 PM to 7:00 AM daily.
Why?
- Everyone deserves rest. This ensures the community stays peaceful for all lifestyles.
5. Package Policy – Only residents may receive package deliveries. Guest deliveries are not
permitted.
Why?
- Delivery services were designed for residents. Guest deliveries cause mix-ups, liability, and theft issues.
6. Leash Policy – Dogs must always remain on a leash, except while inside the Dog Park.
Why?
- Not everyone is comfortable around dogs. This protects residents, pets, and property. It’s also city and
state code.

7. Valet Trash – Valet trash cans must be returned inside your unit no later than 9:00 AM.
Why?
- Trash Cans left out cause smells to linger, attract pests, and block walkways.
8. Package Theft – Theft of packages will result in immediate eviction.
Why?
- This is a federal offense which could result in up to 5 years in federal prison plus fines up to $250,000.
There will be Zero Tolerance moving forward. Additional monitoring solutions are being added as well. All
violators will be evicted and prosecuted.
9. Personal Speakers at the Pool – Personal speakers are not permitted in the pool area.
Headphones are required for music.
Why?
- Not everyone shares the same playlist. Headphones let everyone enjoy the space.
10.Non-Smoking Policy – This is a non-smoking property. Smoking is not allowed anywhere
inside apartments, on patios/balconies, or in community areas.
Why?
- Smoke carries, sticks, and spreads. Our non-smoking policy keeps air, hallways, and homes clean.
Apartments found with smoke damage will be charged $1000 for a Deep Vent Clean.
11. Threats or Violence Towards Staff or Other Residents – Zero Tolerance and will result in
immediate eviction.
12.Parking Violations – Vehicles that are inoperable, have flat tires, or unmoved in 30 Days will
be towed at the vehicle owners’ expense.

You must abide by these if staying. Please do not book if you are looking to have any gatherings or parties.

Thank you for your understanding and partnership in making the community a better place to call home.
Sincerely,
Haven at the Gulch Management no

Other things to note
we are not responsible for amenities of the complex being shut down at time of stay

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lj
Host User ID: 742826734
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/742826734
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Excited to host your next vacation to Music City!  We love the small portfolio of properties we are currently offering + hope you do too!
Born in the 80s
My work: Vacation Rentals!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a few hours
7 months hosting
60 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting