URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1255175766791498902
Latitude: 36.1456
Longitude: -86.7924
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Smokeshow and Let 'Er Buck, two stunning modern retreats located on Music Row in the heart of vibrant Nashville! Both condos have separate entrances right next to each other and can sleep up to 16 guests. The condos are 307 and 308, in the same hallway. Building amenities include gym, rooftop, lounge area, and pool open from May-Oct seasonally. Just minutes to World Famous Lower Broadway and all the honky tonks! You're going to love it here.

The space
Planning a gathering of up to 16 people? Look no further! Our two luxurious condos, The Smokeshow and Let 'Er Buck, are situated side by side on Music Row, right in the heart of vibrant Nashville. With separate entrances and modern amenities, these stunning retreats are perfect for family reunions, bachelorette parties, or a fun getaway with friends. Whether you're here for a celebratory weekend, a family getaway, or a fun trip with friends, The Smokeshow and Let 'Er Buck provide the perfect base for your Nashville adventures. Experience the best of Music City while enjoying the luxury and comfort of our modern condos!

Step into a world of comfort and style at The Smokeshow, a brand-new 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom condo designed to host up to 8 guests. The primary bedroom features a sumptuous King bed, while the second bedroom boasts a spacious Queen over Queen bunk, and living room offers a sleeper sofa - perfect for friends or family.

Highlights:
Spacious Bedrooms: Unwind in the plush King bed in the primary bedroom, and let the Queen over Queen bunk in the second bedroom provide a cozy yet spacious sleeping arrangement for family or friends. Additional sleeping space available on the living room sleeper sofa. 
Elegant Bathrooms: Enjoy the convenience of two beautifully appointed bathrooms, designed with modern fixtures and finishes.
Modern Kitchen: Cook in the fully equipped kitchen featuring sleek appliances and all the essentials needed for preparing meals at home (cooking oil is not provided)
Outdoor Oasis: Relax and take in the fresh air on your private deck, an ideal spot for morning coffee or evening cocktails.
Onsite pool: Open daily from 8am-8pm May-Oct 31st.

Right next door, Let 'Er Buck mirrors the charm and sophistication of The Smokeshow, featuring the same brand-new 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom layout that sleeps 8. Just a stone's throw from the famous honky-tonks and live music venues of Broadway, this condo is ideal for those wanting to immerse themselves in Nashville's vibrant culture.

Highlights:
Sleeping Arrangements: The master bedroom has a king-size bed, while the second bedroom features a cozy queen-over-queen bunk bed. The living room also includes a sleeper sofa, making it ideal for larger groups.
Bathrooms: Enjoy the convenience of two bathrooms. The primary bathroom has a modern walk-in shower, while the second bathroom features a tub/shower combo.
Outdoor Space: Unwind on your private deck, with seating, where you can soak in the vibrant atmosphere of Nashville or enjoy a morning coffee while taking in the city views.
Location: You are right on Music Row with a chance sighting of your favorite country artist at any time! Situated just a short distance from Broadway, you'll have easy access to Nashville’s iconic live music scene, world-class dining, and eclectic shops.

Parking: You’ll have access to free onsite parking for one car in the gated garage, available on a first-come, first-served basis. If the garage is full, there’s additional reduced-fee parking just behind the building.

Notable Attractions Nearby:
Broadway (2.5 miles)
Centennial Park (1 mile)
Country Music Hall of Fame (2 miles)
Ryman Auditorium (2 miles)
Vanderbilt University (1 mile)

Whether you're here for a bachelorette party, a family getaway, or a fun trip with friends, Let 'Er Buck/The Smokeshow offers a unique and comfortable home base for your Nashville adventures! Please note as Nashville continues to grow, nearby construction is common and may be present during your stay.

Presented by Injoy Nashville: Experience Your Stay

Guest access
Guest will have access to both condos that are next to each other

Other things to note
Your booking includes BOTH condos!

Registration Details
2024072942

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: InJoy Vacations
Host User ID: 425884247
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/425884247
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
InJoy Vacations proudly offers a selection of high-quality condo rentals in Panama City Beach, FL & Nashville, TN. We are a locally owned and operated business, and we love to share our community with owners and guests. Our goal is to provide exceptional vacation experiences to visitors, and we’ve perfected our craft. Many of our guests choose to return year after year.
My work: InJoy Vacations
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
4505 reviews
4.73 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting