URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1698886702245660568
Latitude: 36.14261
Longitude: -86.76224
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Music City from Hart Suites Unit #3, just 10 minutes from Broadway, Belmont University, and Vanderbilt University. Perfect for families, groups, and business travelers, this spacious townhome sleeps up to 10 guests with 3 bedrooms, 5 beds, and 2.5 bathrooms. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, fast Wi-Fi, Smart TV, in-unit washer & dryer, free parking, and self check-in. Nashville-inspired décor, a record player, and a guitar create a unique stay with authentic local charm.

The space
THE SPACE

This isn't a cookie-cutter rental. A record player, guitar, and locally-inspired artwork give Unit #3 real Nashville soul the kind of place where the trip feels like it's already started the moment you walk in.

Sleeps 10 everyone gets a real bed: 3 spacious bedrooms, 5 real beds, 2.5 bathrooms. No fighting over the couch after a night on Broadway.

Full kitchen, stocked for groups: Cook group breakfasts before a day downtown. Drip coffee maker included for slow mornings after a big night out.

In-unit washer and dryer: Pack light, stay longer, leave with clean clothes no laundromat runs.

Fast WiFi and smart TV: Stream your shows, share your reels, or squeeze in a remote workday if you're staying longer.

Free on-site parking, rare this close to downtown: Multiple spots in the complex lot plus street parking.

THE LOCATION  10 MINUTES TO EVERYTHING

Broadway honky-tonks and live music. Bridgestone Arena and Ryman Auditorium. Country Music Hall of Fame. Hattie B's Hot Chicken and Five Points Pizza. Centennial Park and Radnor Lake hiking. Quick drive to BNA Airport.

Close enough to be in the middle of it all far enough to actually get some sleep before round two.

WHY GUESTS BOOK WITH US

At Nashville Nooks, we're a local boutique hospitality team that genuinely cares about every guest experience. Local recommendations from people who actually live here. Fast communication we typically respond within the hour. Professionally cleaned before every stay. Easy self check-in with a secure smart lock.

GOOD TO KNOW (PLEASE READ)

Self check-in after 4 PM via smart lock skip the front desk entirely. No pets allowed  service animals are welcome in accordance with Airbnb's accessibility policy. Lively side street means occasional road noise (part of the Nashville charm). Unit #3 is part of the Hart Suites community several similar units nearby, so minor design details may vary slightly from photos. Quiet hours after 9 PM perfect for groups who want to actually rest, not for parties or events. Exterior security cameras for your safety and peace of mind (none inside  your privacy matters).

Broadway weekends book up weeks in advance lock in your dates now and start planning your Nashville trip.

Guest access
Guest access
Guest Access:You'll have the ENTIRE townhome to yourselves all 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, full kitchen, living spaces, and in-unit laundry. No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group.

SELF CHECK-IN: Self check-in: your digital door code is sent by text/email 3 hours before check-in  just enter it on the smart lock keypad. A backup lockbox with a spare key is also on-site for emergencies. Message us anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking in the community lot (first-come, first-served) plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee maker everything in the home is yours to use from check-in to checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just a message away we typically respond within the hour if you need anything during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting