URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1227780236407329533
Latitude: 36.1746
Longitude: -86.7813
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Nashville in style at this professionally designed riverfront sanctuary. Perched on the Cumberland River, our vibrant loft blends high-end comfort with unbeatable access to Broadway and Germantown. Whether you're here for a VIP weekend, a songwriter’s retreat, or a luxury getaway, you’ve found your Music City home base.

STRP 2023#0747#16

The space
Enjoy Nashville from this thoughtfully designed riverfront retreat. Set along the Cumberland River, this stylish loft combines upscale comfort with an unbeatable location near Broadway and Germantown. Whether you're in town for a relaxing getaway, a work trip, or a weekend of exploring Music City, this is the perfect place to call home.

Our vibrant, third-floor riverfront sanctuary offers a spacious and flexible layout, professionally designed to accommodate groups, families, or corporate retreats with ease.

Sleeping Arrangements:

Primary Suite: A serene retreat featuring a plush King Bed, walk in closet and connected Jack and Jill bathroom

Guest Bedroom: Perfect for groups, outfitted with two (2) comfortable Double Beds with connected Jack and Jill bathroom

Living Area: Our signature Yellow Lounge Chairs are more than just a pop of color—they easily convert into two Twin Beds for extra guests.

Bathrooms:

Two full, modern bathrooms stocked with premium essentials to ensure everyone can get ready for a night on Broadway without the wait.

The Location & Access:

Riverfront Balcony: Sip your morning coffee or evening cocktails with a direct, private view of the Cumberland River.

Penthouse Vibes: The unit is located on the 3rd floor, offering elevated views and a quieter atmosphere.

Important Note: To reach this incredible view, guests will walk up approximately 40 stairs. Please note there is no elevator in the building—it’s a great way to get those steps in before hitting the dance floors downtown!

Luxury Touches:

High-speed Wi-Fi for remote work or streaming.

Curated local art and designer finishes throughout.

Points of Interest & Local Hotspots

Top Local Eating Spots (The "Foodie" Trail):

The Optimist: High-end seafood and incredible cocktails in a stunning Germantown space.

Rolf and Daughters: Industrial-chic spot famous for handmade pastas.

Husk: Southern fine dining at its absolute peak.

Bourbon Steak: Located atop the JW Marriott for 360-degree skyline views.

Venues & Music:

The Listening Room Cafe: For an intimate, songwriter-led experience.

The Ryman Auditorium: The Mother Church of Country Music.

Station Inn: The legendary spot for world-class bluegrass.

Golfing in Style:

Hermitage Golf Course (President's Reserve): Voted #1 public course in Nashville; look out for the resident sheep on the fairways!

Gaylord Springs Golf Links: A challenging links-style course carved into the banks of the Cumberland River.

Topgolf Nashville: For a more social, fun-first golf experience with skyline views.

Guest access
We have a keyless locking system. You will gain access to the unit via a door code that we create specifically for you. That code will be sent to you with your check in instructions a few weeks prior to your arrival and you may share that code with your group if you wish. YOU WON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT SHARING OR LOSING A KEY! :)

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting