URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1536992028337239138
Latitude: 36.169390517385374
Longitude: -86.7584220910059
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
UNIT C. 
Experience Nashville from a truly unique stay inside a restored historic church in East Nashville. This cozy 1-bedroom condo blends old-world charm with modern comfort, featuring a queen bed, sleeper sofa, and a fully equipped kitchen. With WiFi, A/C, and self check-in, you’ll have everything you need — plus quick access to downtown, great dining, and the city’s iconic music scene.

The space
Historic Church Condo in East Nashville | Cozy 1BR Near Downtown

UNIT C

About this space
Enjoy a one-of-a-kind stay in a beautifully restored historic church that’s been transformed into six modern condos, each thoughtfully designed for comfort and style. This inviting 1-bedroom home blends the charm of its original architecture with contemporary touches, offering the perfect retreat for your Nashville visit.

Located just minutes from downtown, you’ll have easy access to some of the city’s best restaurants, coffee shops, and local favorites. East Nashville is known for its creative energy, friendly community, and unique character. While the neighborhood continues to grow and evolve, guests describe it as safe, welcoming, and full of local flavor — and we think you’ll love it too.

The space
This cozy 1-bedroom, 1-bath condo includes everything you need for a relaxing, comfortable stay:

🛏 Sleeping arrangements: Queen-size bed and a sleeper sofa in the living area
🍳 Kitchen: Fully equipped with a fridge, stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, dishes, utensils, and cookware
🛋 Living area: Comfortable seating with cable TV and WiFi — perfect for unwinding after a day exploring the city
🌡 Comfort: Air conditioning, heating, and convenient self check-in via keypad

Whether you’re in town for business, a weekend getaway, or to experience Nashville’s music and nightlife, this East Nashville gem provides a peaceful home base close to all the excitement.

Amenities
✅ Hair dryer
✅ Hangers
✅ Iron
✅ TV/cable
✅ WiFi
✅ Air conditioning
✅ Heating
✅ Smoke alarm
✅ Exterior security cameras
✅ Fridge
✅ Microwave
✅ Dishwasher
✅ Stove & oven
✅ Coffee maker
✅ Dishes and utensils
✅ Free street parking
✅ Self check-in (keypad)

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire condo throughout their stay.

Other things to note
Street parking is available along Shelby Avenue and is usually easy to find.
Please note that the bedroom is open to the living area and does not have a door separating the spaces.

Guest access
Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire condo throughout their stay.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mike
Host User ID: 152189800
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/152189800
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
5 months hosting