URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1487068863596926483
Latitude: 36.1646
Longitude: -86.7784
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Balcony Bravura – Printers Alley Lofts’ 4,415 sq. ft. 4BR Grand Loft with a terrace and stunning city views, ideal for morning coffee or evening people-watching. Filled with funky art, modern furnishings, and a pool table, this spacious retreat blends luxury, comfort, and style. Steps from Nashville’s best dining, nightlife, and live music, it’s your front-row seat to Music City. ☆ A FEW EXTRAS: Ask about other Printers Alley Lofts for smaller or larger groups, or if you need more space.

The space
★ THE GRAND LOFT ★

Welcome to the Grand Loft at Printers Alley Lofts — an expansive 4,415 sq. ft. luxury retreat in the heart of downtown Nashville. With 4 bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms, this spectacular loft comfortably sleeps up to 8 guests at the base rate, with room for up to 12 guests for an additional per-person, per-night fee. For larger groups, we provide queen air mattresses with full bedding and linens to ensure everyone rests in comfort.

☆ Three bedrooms feature private ensuite bathrooms, including a stunning primary suite with a massive soaking tub, perfect for unwinding after a day in Music City. The fourth bedroom enjoys easy access to the additional half bath located in the main living area, offering convenience for all.

☆ The living and entertaining spaces are nothing short of exceptional. With soaring ceilings, curated artwork, modern furnishings, and a cozy fireplace, the Grand Loft is designed for both relaxation and connection. A pool table serves as a centerpiece for fun and entertainment, making it an ideal spot for groups to gather, laugh, and create unforgettable memories.

☆ Step outside onto your private 1,000 sq. ft. terrace, where sweeping city views set the stage for morning coffee, cocktails at sunset, or simply soaking in the vibrant energy of downtown Nashville.

☆ The fully equipped gourmet kitchen is stocked with premium appliances, cookware, and dining essentials, making it easy to prepare anything from a casual breakfast to a celebratory dinner. Multiple seating areas throughout the loft ensure that every guest has space to relax, connect, or enjoy a quiet moment.

☆ Located just steps away from Broadway’s honky-tonks, world-class dining, and legendary live music, the Grand Loft offers the perfect combination of private luxury and unbeatable access to Nashville’s best attractions.
This is more than just a place to stay—it’s your ultimate Music City getaway.

★ A FEW EXTRAS TO KEEP IN MIND!  We offer 10 unique lofts at Printers Alley Lofts, all listed on Airbnb. If your preferred dates are unavailable or you’re traveling with a larger group, you can book multiple lofts either within the building or next door in our adjoining Printers Alley Lofts building to accommodate everyone.  
☆ 1 Bedrooms (max 4 guests): Flat Loft, Suite Loft, Studio Loft (sleep sofa in living area) 
☆ 2 Bedrooms (max 6 guests | Deluxe PH up to 8 guests): City Loft Penthouse, Penthouse, Deluxe Penthouse 
☆ 4 Bedrooms (max 12 guests): Grand Loft, Urban Loft, Printers Alley Penthouse 
☆ 5 Bedrooms (max 12 guests): Gallery Loft (back living area sectional sofa includes two twin mattresses) 

★ Printers Alley Lofts – FAQ

Q: CAN WE CHECK IN EARLY OR CHECK OUT LATE?
A: When possible, yes. Because we receive many last-minute bookings, we can only confirm availability the night before your arrival or departure.

Q: CAN YOU STORE OUR LUGGAGE IF EARLY CHECK-IN ISN’T AVAILABLE?
A: Yes. We’re happy to store your luggage when early check-in or late checkout isn’t possible. Availability will be confirmed the evening before.

Q: IT’S A 4 BEDROOM LOFT—HOW CAN IT SLEEP 12 PEOPLE?
A: Our rates are based on double occupancy—two guests per bedroom. This four-bedroom loft includes a base rate for up to 8 guests. We can accommodate up to 12 guests total (two additional guests) for $100 per extra guest, per night, plus taxes. For groups over 8, we provide two queen air mattress with bedding and linens (one queen air mattress per two people) up to a maximum of 12 guests.

Q: IS PARKING INCLUDED?
A: Parking is not included, but several secure garages are within walking distance (average $45/24 hrs). Our property manager can point out nearby options at check-in.

Q: DO YOU OFFER ADDITIONAL LOFTS?
A: Yes! We have multiple lofts in the building and next door, ranging from 1–5 bedrooms. Perfect for groups needing more space. Printers Alley Lofts includes 10 lofts housed in two adjoining buildings on Printers Alley—8 are located in one building, and 2 are in the adjoining building right next door.

Q: HOW DO I CHECK IN?
A: Check-in instructions will be sent prior to arrival. Our property manager will greet you and assist with any questions.

Q: IN ADDITION TO THE NIGHTLY RENTAL, WHAT OTHER FEES ARE CHARGED BY PRINTERS ALLEY LOFTS?
A: In addition to the nightly rate, there is a one-time departure cleaning fee, as well as required state and local taxes. Current tax charges are:
Tax – 0.5% Davidson County Local Options Sales Tax Surcharge
Tax – 7% Davidson County Sales Tax
Tax – 9.25% Tennessee State Sales Tax
Tax – $2.50 per night Tennessee Occupancy Tax
We do not add resort fees or hidden charges—only the above apply.

Q: IS THERE A DAMAGE DEPOSIT. 
A: Yes, we place a $500 pre-authorization hold on your card before arrival. It works just like a hotel—nothing is charged unless there’s damage, and if all is well, the hold is released shortly after checkout.

Q: ARE YOU AFFILIATED WITH MARKETING CHANNEL FEES?
A: No. If your inquiry came through a marketing channel, their service fees are strictly between you and them. We are not affiliated with their charges.

Q: DO YOU HAVE A GYM ON SITE?
A: We do not have a gym. However, several gyms in downtown Nashville offer day passes for out-of-town guests. QNTM Fit Life offers 1–2 day passes and weekly options, and Anytime Fitness allows drop-in visits. Printers Alley Lofts is not affiliated with these gyms.

Q: DO YOU HAVE A POOL OR GRILL?
A: Printers Alley Lofts does not offer a pool. Some lofts do feature a grill and/or private outdoor space:
Gallery Loft – private patio
Grand Loft – private balcony
Printers Alley Penthouse – large terrace with seating and grill
In addition, there is a common area patio with tables and chairs available for all guests of Printers Alley Lofts, located at the entrance of our main Printers Alley Lofts building.

Q: WILL IT BE NOISY SINCE THE LOFTS ARE DOWNTOWN?
A: Our building is located in the heart of Downtown Nashville. While our windows are STC-rated and block most noise, some city sounds may still be heard. We seldom receive complaints, but want guests to be aware of our central location. We cannot assume responsibility for external factors such as nearby events, construction, or nightlife.

Q: ARE PETS ALLOWED?
A: Dogs only are permitted, with a non-refundable pet fee of $75 per dog plus taxes (maximum of 2 dogs). No other animals are allowed.

Q: WHO HANDLES MAINTENANCE?
A: Printers Alley Lofts is a multi-residential complex where building management oversees amenities, shared spaces, and exterior maintenance. This includes plumbing, electrical, and HVAC. Please note that these items follow building protocols and timelines for resolution.

Q: ARE THERE GROCERY STORES AND LIQUOR STORES NEARBY PRINTERS ALLEY?
A: Yes! Here are the closest options within walking distance or a quick drive from the lofts:
GROCERY STORES
Savi Provisions – 0.2 miles (4-min walk)
Whole Foods – 0.7 miles (15-min walk / 5-min drive)
Publix – 1.0 mile (20-min walk / 6-min drive)
Corner Market (mini-mart) – 0.2 miles (4-min walk)
LIQUOR STORES
Music City Wine & Spirits – 0.2 miles (4-min walk)
Metropolitan Wines – 0.3 miles (5-min walk)
SoBro Wine & Spirits – 0.5 miles (10-min walk / 3-min drive)
The Library Fine Wine & Spirits – 0.4 miles (8-min walk)
Frugal MacDoogal Warehouse – 1.0 mile (20-min walk / 5-min drive)

Q: IS THERE ICE IN THE REFRIGERATOR?
A: For sanitary reasons, the ice makers in the fridges are turned off, as we dump the bins after each checkout to ensure cleanliness. Since the ice makers can’t replenish quickly enough for our back-to-back bookings, we keep them off. No worries—you can grab a bag of ice just half a block away at the nearby mini mart.

Q. WHAT TYPE OF COFFEE MAKER IS THERE?
A. We have a traditional drip coffee maker in each loft with a reusable mesh filter (not a Keurig).

Guest access
★ Our property manager will personally greet you at check-in and share tips about the loft and Nashville.

★ You’ll set your own private access code—secure, keyless entry with no keys to worry about.

★ Guests enjoy the entire loft privately, while the lobby is shared.

Other things to note
★ FEATURES & AMENITIES

☆ Expansive Luxury Living – 4,415 sq. ft. of upscale downtown space in historic Printers Alley.
☆ 4 Bedrooms / 3.5 Bathrooms – 3 bedrooms with en-suite baths; plus a convenient half bath in the living area.
☆ Primary Suite with Spa Bath – Includes a massive soaking tub, walk-in shower, and luxe finishes.
☆ Spacious Open-Concept Design – Large living and dining areas, perfect for groups and entertaining.
☆ Fully Equipped Gourmet Kitchen – Premium appliances, cookware, and ample space for meals.
☆ Fireplace, Pool Table & 6 Smart TVs – Entertainment and comfort throughout the loft.
☆ Private Terrace with City Views – Ideal for relaxing, people-watching, or evening cocktails.
☆ Curated Art & Modern Furnishings – Funky décor with a touch of vintage flair.
☆ Complimentary High-Speed Wi-Fi – Stay connected during your stay.
☆ Prime Downtown Location – Just steps to Broadway nightlife, dining, and live music.
☆ Concierge Services Available – Local expertise, reservations, and personalized assistance.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sleep With Us Properties LLC
Host User ID: 713317515
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/713317515
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 95%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
66 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting