URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1538947351775242212
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome To The Wild West Saloon. A unique place where spirits of cowboy and cowgirl will never die. 
Short walk to Broadway(8 minutes only), Bridgestone Arena, The Music City Center, and Country Music Hall of fame and All of Nashville finest.

! Top Notched Unit from  Comfort and Unique Themed rooms, Designed for Ultimately the Best Nashville Experience and most comfort. 

Fully Equipped Kitchen, Supplies, Coffee, Comfortable Beds and Premium Linens
One Free Parking in Gated garage

The space
🤠 Welcome to The Wild West – Your Nashville Saloon Getaway!
Saddle up for a stay you won’t forget at The Wild West, a one-of-a-kind western-themed retreat in the Burnham Building, just an 8-minute stroll from Broadway — where the neon lights, honky-tonks, and legendary music of Nashville come alive! Whether you’re here for a weekend rodeo with friends, a family getaway, or a bachelorette bash, this saloon-style stay is your perfect home base in Music City.
🌵 The Space
Step through the swinging doors (well, metaphorically!) and into your own slice of the Wild West — complete with rustic décor and modern comfort. Cozy up by the electric fireplace that gives the room a warm, campfire glow after a night out on Broadway.
Sleeping Arrangements:
Bedroom 1: King bed + rollaway bed + air mattress (stored in the closet)
Bedroom 2: Two full beds
Living Room: Sofa bed
2 Full Bathrooms for easy mornings before you hit the town
With space for groups of 8, The Wild West is great for families, couples, or groups of friends looking to enjoy Nashville in style.
🏜️ Resort-Style Amenities at The Burnham Building
When you’re not exploring the city, take advantage of the Burnham’s incredible amenities that make every day feel like a vacation:
Top-notch fitness center featuring a rock climbing wall
Resort-style swimming pool for cooling off after your Nashville adventures
Courtyard area with propane grills and a cozy outdoor fireplace
Sky Lounge with breathtaking views of Downtown Nashville — perfect for evening cocktails or morning coffee
🎶 Location Highlights
Just 8 minutes walking to Broadway and the best of downtown Nashville
Close to Country Music Hall of Fame, Ryman Auditorium, Bridgestone Arena, and more
Surrounded by amazing restaurants, bars, and live music venues
🌈 Why You’ll Love It
✔ Unique Western saloon theme with cozy details and modern comfort
✔ Electric fireplace for that warm campfire glow indoors
✔ Access to resort-style amenities and skyline views
✔ Walkable location to Nashville’s top attractions
✔ Perfect for bachelorettes, families, and friend groups
Come live like a cowboy or cowgirl and have yourself a little Nashville rodeo right here at The Wild West. With comfort, style, and a dash of southern adventure — this is where your Music City story begins.

Guest access
This entire apartment complex along with this unit is accessed by a keyless smartphone entry system called Latch. Please be sure to have it download and watch the tutorial from the link in the email prior to your trip to ensure smooth check-in procedures.  Please keep your phone charged up and have it with you at all times since it is required to access the building and the unit.

If you plan to arrive prior to check-in or leave later than your check-out time and need a place to store your baggage, Baggage Bellhop is available onsite 7 days/week 9AM - 5 PM

Other things to note
Please Note:
While we always strive to provide a comfortable and positive living experience, there are certain factors beyond our personal control that we want to clarify:
We are not responsible for external variables outside of this building, such as noise, construction, or private/public events happening nearby.
This property is part of a larger complex managed by building management, who oversee:
Common areas and shared spaces
Exterior maintenance
Interior maintenance of physical systems and appliances (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, HVAC, and drywall)
When it comes to maintenance requests or issues, we are required to follow the building’s procedures and timelines. We will always do our best to communicate and advocate on your behalf, but please understand that resolution times are ultimately determined by the building’s management and service teams.

This is a multi-unit building, and there may be other guests staying in neighboring units.
While we expect everyone to be respectful, we cannot control the behavior of other guests, including potential noise.
If excessive noise occurs after quiet hours, you may report it directly to the building’s overnight security, who are available to assist.
Thank you for your understanding and cooperation! If you have any questions or concerns ahead of your stay, feel free to reach out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Paravee
Host User ID: 572705677
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/572705677
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 years hosting
560 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting