URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/984058539589965166
Latitude: 36.1747
Longitude: -86.7389
rental_type: Entire guesthouse
property_type: GUESTHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 5
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Escape to The Koselig Korner, a Scandinavian-inspired guesthouse in historic East Nashville. This peaceful retreat comfortably fits 4-5 guests and is perfect for quiet nights and slow sips. Enjoy a private patio, a fully stocked kitchen, and walkable access to Shelby Park and its Golf Course. Just minutes from downtown hotspots, it's your perfect Nashville landing spot, blending Nordic charm with Southern beauty.

Come experience Nashville like a local!

The space
Welcome to The Koselig Korner

Our home is designed around the Nordic idea of 'Koselig'—that warm, quiet joy you feel when you’re truly at ease. You'll have the entire guesthouse to yourself, thoughtfully designed for comfort and relaxation.

Living Room: Unwind in the warm, light-filled living room with its vaulted ceilings, comfortable Article sofa bed, and a smart TV. You'll also find a curated selection of books, games, and children's toys for cozy nights in.

Kitchen: The fully stocked kitchen has everything you need to prepare a meal at home, including children's dinnerware. We've provided complimentary tea, coffee, sugar, and creamer to get you started.

😴 Two private bedrooms:
The primary bedroom features a DreamCloud queen mattress, dual closets, a sound machine, and a Vitruvi oil diffuser.

The ground-floor bedroom includes a West Elm daybed with a twin trundle and a private workspace with a vintage Bluetooth radio.

🛁 Bathroom & Wellness: Refresh in the modern bathroom with its walk-in shower and complimentary toiletries. For your convenience, a washer/dryer and iron are provided. You'll also find a yoga mat for your morning routine.

☕ Outdoor Oasis: Step out to your private patio. It's the perfect spot for morning coffee or an evening glass of wine under the bistro lights. A chiminea fire pit is available for cozy nights (please note, firewood is not included).

Access to a ChargePoint EV charger (available for an additional fee)

@TheKoseligKorner

Come and Enjoy!

Guest access
Guests will have private and exclusive access to the entire guesthouse.

Self Check-In: Enjoy seamless and flexible arrival with a smart lock and personalized entry code.

Private Parking: A dedicated, off-street private parking pad is provided for your vehicle.

Private Outdoor Space: You will have access to your own private patio with a chiminea.

EV Charger: Access to a ChargePoint EV charger is available for an additional fee. Please inquire for details.

Please note: There is no guest access to the garage or the main house's backyard, as this is a private owner space.

Other things to note
We comply and are registered with our local municipality's STR laws. 

Security: For your security, the property is monitored by exterior security cameras. These are located at the front entrance and overlooking the parking area. There are no cameras inside the guesthouse or in any private guest areas.

Chiminea Fireplace: The chiminea on the private patio is available for guest use. Please note that firewood is not provided but can be purchased at local grocery stores.

Family Friendly: The guesthouse is equipped with children's toys and dinnerware for our younger guests but is not childproof.

No garage access for guests.

Registration Details
2023069328

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chrissy
Host User ID: 49271118
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/49271118
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
As avid travelers, Airbnb has been our passport to unforgettable experiences. The tales shared with newfound friends and the insights gained from seeing places through a local lens have inspired us to open our doors as hosts. Hailing from the Pacific Northwest, we bring the warmth of our roots and a touch of Scandinavian coziness to our home. Join us in discovering Nashville's hidden gems!
My work: Physician Assistant
I spend too much time: Finding music for my travel videos
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
183 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting