URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/619101481702096231
Latitude: 36.33475
Longitude: -86.65249
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Hendersonville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Cedar Lodge of Music City.
This is a brand new listing to our collection and we are super excited to bring it to you. 

This rustic cabin is the perfect place for you to call home while you enjoy all Nashville has to offer. Located just 20 minutes from downtown broadway, 20 minutes from the airport and just minutes away from restaurants, stores, parks, golf courses and even Old Hickory Lake which features fishing, boat and jet ski rentals, guided tours and even floating tiki taverns!

The space
Nestled on three and half wooded acres abutting a creek, this property offers a wonderful serene setting.
Enjoy outdoor areas such as our spacious covered front porch, the wonderful screened-in porch on the side of the home, the two rear decks for grilling, sitting around a propane fire pit telling evening stories, or soaking in the hot tub under the ambience of the fairy lights.

If you have kids traveling with you then you'll be pleased to know that the front yard features a wood burning fire-pit to enjoy some delicious s'mores and there's even a children's play set for relaxing afternoons together. We please ask that children are ALWAYS supervised by an adult and play on the play set and climbing wall is allowed at your own risk.

So let's tell you more about what to expect with the interior of this lovely 4000sqft home. The home sleeps up to 16 guests! It is the quintessential rustic log cabin in the woods. That means you'll have some artsy sloped ceilings, a few trendy beams, a squeaky floor here and there, big stone fireplaces, smaller kitchen area, custom wooden doors and cabinets throughout and the odd leaf and spider web making its appearance on your porch courtesy of being in the woods! If you love log cabins, this place is exactly what you were looking for! A recent renovation in 2022 has seen a multitude of wonderful upgrades to the finishes, from brand new appliances, new countertops, fixtures, lighting, paint and furnishings. It’s also seen an amazing basement conversion that provides a great gaming retreat. Enjoy a game of pool, foosball or even Ms Pacman & Galaga on your very own home arcade machine! Step outside and we have corn hole boards for you enjoy too.
The kitchen is open to a formal living room with fireplace and piano. It also flows into a breakfast area that can seat 8.
Down the corridor from the kitchen is a coffee / wet bar area with pantry storage on your way to an atrium that leads to the hot tub and fire pit deck or to the front yard play area, prior to entering the large vaulted ceiling main living and dining area.
You will find a full equipped laundry area in the basement allowing you to wash your clothes should you be staying with us for an extended period or just need a fresh set of towels etc.

We can’t wait to share this incredible home with you. Know that Target, Krogers, Starbucks and a multitude of other stores and restaurants are literally 2 minutes drive down the road making it easy to order your groceries ahead of your trip and getting that quick caffeine fix to start your days.

Sleeping arrangements are as follows:

On the main floor you have a King bedroom suite (sleeps 2 people) with a soaking bathtub and handheld shower head.
Upstairs one bedroom features a set of queen bunk beds and two single beds (sleeps 6 people) with access to a full bathroom in the corridor with tub/shower combo.
Also Upstairs another bedroom features 2 queen beds and 2 single beds (sleeps 6 people) with an en-suite bathroom with tub/shower combo.
The basement has a King bedroom (sleeps 2 people) with sliding glass door to an outdoor covered patio and has access to a full bathroom located in the basement with a walk-in shower.

TV’s are located in the following rooms:

The basement living room
The basement king bedroom
The main level large bonus room with dining table to seat 10-12 people
The main level king bedroom

Be sure to see our thousands of other reviews from other properties.

Other things to note
*Please note this property has quite hours of 9pm to 8 am. Outdoor music and talking must be kept at a respectable level especially during these hours.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonny
Host User ID: 24007959
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24007959
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
British immigrant!
Realtor in Nashville since 2005.
Love Sports, Outdoors, Family & Friends
Christian
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5855 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting