URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1471886761252230893
Latitude: 36.17128806635574
Longitude: -86.75431573831128
rental_type: Entire bungalow
property_type: BUNGALOW
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Historic East Nashville Craftsman Bungalow with Downtown Views ✨

Luxury meets soul at this historic East Nashville Airbnb. This 4-bedroom home is just minutes from Broadway and Titans Stadium. Enjoy skyline views, local dining, and modern Southwestern charm—an unforgettable stay in one of Nashville’s most sought-after neighborhoods.

The space
Welcome to your Nashville sanctuary — a beautifully restored historic bungalow in the heart of East Nashville, just a short stroll from the Titans Stadium and a 20-minute walk (or quick 3-minute drive) to the energy of Broadway.

Blending Western and Southwestern charm with modern comfort, this 4-bedroom, 2-bath retreat offers a uniquely luxurious yet soulful experience. Each space is curated with art and treasures from my grandmother’s collection — pieces that tell the story of her life in Nashville and beyond— giving the home warmth, history, and character.

Unwind in the private sauna, relax around the fire pit, or gather with friends on the spacious covered porch as the sun sets over downtown. The outdoor patio includes a grill and a propane fire pit, making al fresco evenings unforgettable.

Inside, four serene bedrooms with plush queen beds offer plenty of space for family or couple getaways. You’ll also find a comfortable couch, and three memory foam bed rolls for extra guests (totaling 12 guests).

Located in one of Nashville’s most beloved neighborhoods, you’re steps from local restaurants, live music, and coffee shops — yet close enough to downtown to feel part of the city. 

Whether you’re here to relax, explore, or celebrate -- this East Nashville gem invites you to slow down, connect, and experience Music City in a whole new way.

Guest access
Guests have access to: the spacious 4-bedroom, 2-bath home, a charming covered front porch, and a cozy enclosed back porch. Enjoy outdoor living at its finest with a full kitchen featuring a grill, an outdoor dining area, a fire pit with built-in bench seating and private sauna. The fenced backyard and side yard offer plenty of space to unwind and connect.

Other things to note
We offer an array of toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, body wash, hand soap, lotion, Qtips, cotton swabs and hair dryers). 

We have a well-stocked kitchen for you to cook your own meals, including a quality knife set. 

We have extra linens, extra pillows, and blankets. 

Air conditioning/heating: ensures the property is comfortable in all seasons. 

For entertainment, we have a television with streaming services, books, and the house is stocked with fun games (including games for children).

If you need to work during your trip, our dining table is comfortable, big enough for 12 people, and well lit for your enjoyment.

We're happy to provide personalized recommendations or arrange grocery delivery.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Charles L'Abri
Host User ID: 96805574
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/96805574
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
World traveler, lover of hospitality and purveyor of fine life experiences.
Spend my time between Mariposa, San Francisco and Nashville.
My work: Having fun!
Fun fact: I was a cast member on Full House
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
301 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting