URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/32595186
Latitude: 36.1696
Longitude: -86.798
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Elevate your Nashville story at Urban Cowboy. Trade the crowded bars for a private rooftop patio, where a roaring fire pit meets a stunning skyline view. Bold, Western-chic, and built for groups, our 3BR/3.5BA designer retreat sleeps 10 with a custom wet bar ready for the night. Whether you’re mixing drinks or watching the city lights, you’ll enjoy a premium, locals-only vibe just 5 minutes from Lower Broadway. Don’t just visit Music City—experience it from the best seat in the house.

The space
Walk through the door and the Urban Cowboy aesthetic wraps around you — warm leather, rich textures, Western roots with a modern Nashville edge. Space to spread out and come together, whether that means cooking together, gathering around the TV, or heading straight to the rooftop.

The main living room anchors the home: plush sectional, 65" HDTV with Apple TV, Netflix, Disney+, Hulu, HBO Max apps ready for your log in, and premium cable. Patio doors open on 2 different levels overlooking Nashville's skyline— the party flows inside-out and offers scenic views of the city.

OUTDOOR LIVING: ROOFTOP TERRACE & SKYLINE VIEWS

The rooftop patio is the centerpiece — a gas fire pit, full wet bar, outdoor furniture, and an unobstructed Nashville skyline view. String lights set the mood before a night on Broadway.

BEDROOMS & BATHROOMS: EVERYONE HAS THEIR OWN SANCTUARY

Our home sleeps 10 guests across 3 bedrooms and 7 beds
Bedroom 1: Queen-over-Queen bunk, entry level, ensuite bath
Bedroom 2: King bed, fold-out twin couch, ensuite bath
Bedroom 3: Queen-over-Queen bunk, second level, hallway bath access
Living room: Queen sleeper sofa on second level with hallway half bath

3.5 total baths — nobody waits before a night out on Broadway.

KITCHEN & DINING: FULL-SERVICE COOKING & GATHERING

Stainless steel gas range, oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, quartz countertops, and an oversized island with bar stools. Open living area flows into the kitchen — 65-inch HDTV, books, and board games. Dining table seats 8+ under an industrial chandelier.

EVERYTHING YOU NEED FOR FAMILIES WITH YOUNG CHILDREN

If you're traveling with babies or toddlers, we've thought ahead: pack 'n play, high chair, baby bath, changing table, baby monitor, children's books and toys (ages 0+), baby gates, and outlet covers. You don't have to pack or rent — it's all here.

COMFORT & CONVENIENCE BUILT IN

In-unit washer and dryer mean you can do laundry without leaving the property. High-speed WiFi and a dedicated workspace make it easy to work remotely or handle quick tasks. Portable fans and central heating/air keep everyone comfortable year-round.

LOCATION & WHAT'S NEARBY

Urban Cowboy sits at the center of Nashville's most connected corridor — close to iconic neighborhoods, live music, and restaurants.

Broadway & Lower Broadway (5 min): Nashville's legendary honky-tonk strip — live country music every night, Robert's Western World, Tootsie's Orchid Lounge, dozens of bars with free music starting at noon.

The Gulch (4 min): Nashville's most walkable urban district. WhatLiftsYou angel wings mural, Station Inn for bluegrass and Americana, acclaimed restaurants, cocktail bars, and the Frist Art Museum.

Music Row (8 min): Tour RCA Studio B where Elvis and Dolly Parton recorded. Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum is nearby.

Ryman Auditorium & Museums (6 min): The Mother Church of Country Music. Johnny Cash Museum and Patsy Cline Museum are steps away on the same block.

Marathon Village & Corsair Distillery (walking distance): Converted factory complex with indie shops, studios, and one of Nashville's best craft distilleries.

Bridgestone Arena (6 min): Predators games, major concerts. Centennial Park and the Parthenon replica are 10 minutes west. BNA airport is approximately 20 minutes.

WHO THIS HOME IS BEST FOR

Celebrating groups: Bachelor(ette) parties, birthdays, reunions. The rooftop offers the pre-game experience, the kitchen feeds everyone, and Broadway is 5 minutes away — close enough to Uber, far enough to sleep.

Families with kids: Pack 'n play, high chair, baby monitor, safety gates, fenced backyard, children's gear. Parents can actually relax here.

Remote workers: Dedicated workspace behind a real door, 277 Mbps WiFi, urban location that rewards a midday walk. Work the week, enjoy the weekend.

Music and culture lovers: RCA Studio B, Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame, Grand Ole Opry, Johnny Cash Museum — Nashville's music history within a 4–8 minute drive.

Corporate teams: Three bedrooms and a rooftop wet bar for working, bonding, and letting Nashville handle the evening agenda.

PARKING: GARAGE, DRIVEWAY & STREET PARKING

Our home includes a private two-car residential garage — a real luxury in urban Nashville where street parking is competitive and paid lots are expensive. Vehicles are secure and off the street. Additional free street parking is available for a 3rd vehicle.  For rideshare arrivals, the alley drop-off is easy and well-lit. No passes, permits, or meters required.

Guest access
You'll have full, private access to the entire home — all bedrooms, bathrooms, living room, kitchen, dining, laundry, backyard, garage, and driveway.

Check-in is self-guided via smart lock — your unique code arrives before you do. No waiting, no key exchange. Check-in after 3:00 PM; Checkout by 10:00 AM.

Exterior security cameras are at access points for everyone's safety. We offer fully private entrances — no shared lobby or hallway with other guests.

Other things to note
Maximum 10 guests. No smoking inside (the rooftop is fine). 

Service animals are welcome per ADA guidelines. No pets. 

No parties or gatherings beyond your registered guest group. Quiet hours begin at 10:00 PM — North Gulch is part urban core meets residential, and our neighbors are part of what makes this neighborhood special.

Please treat our home as your own and report any issues promptly. We're here to help if anything needs attention.

We genuinely love this neighborhood and this home, and we know you will too!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chandler
Host User ID: 96739684
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/96739684
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Howdy, y’all! We’re Kim and Chandler—a husband-and-wife duo with a passion for hospitality and creating unforgettable stays. Since 2016, we’ve been welcoming guests to Nashville, blending Southern charm with thoughtful design. As avid travelers, we know what makes a stay special, and we’re dedicated to providing an authentic local experience. Our goal is sharing the magic of Music City while making every guest feel at home. We'd love to host you!
Where I went to school: Louisiana Tech University
My work: Digital Entrepreneur
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
700 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting