URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/49898377
Latitude: 36.2305
Longitude: -86.7718
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
East Nashville Escape | Stylish Space for Big Crews

The space
Larger Group? No Problem. More Beds, More Laughs, More Memories.

Harmony 18 is the ultimate gathering spot for your Nashville crew—whether it's a weekend with lifelong friends or a big family celebration. With 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, and six comfortable beds, this vibrant home with 2,200 square feet sleeps up to 12 and makes sure no one gets left out. From the bold interior style to a massive rooftop deck perfect for group hangs, Harmony 18 delivers on space, comfort, and social media-worthy charm.

Located in East Nashville’s creative corridor, you're just minutes from the city's most iconic sights and coolest hidden gems.

Why You'll Love This Space

✓	Room for Everyone: Four bedrooms and six beds mean the whole crew gets their own space to crash and recharge. 

✓	Bright, Bold Decor: A playful design aesthetic makes this home as fun as the trip itself.

✓	Perfect for Gatherings: Open living spaces and a huge rooftop patio make this place built for connection. 

✓	Coffee or Cocktails on the Roof: Start your day with skyline views and your favorite people—or wind down with drinks under the stars. 

✓	Central East Nashville Vibes: A colorful neighborhood with easy access to downtown.

Explore Nashville – A Location You’ll Love

✓	In the Heart of East Nashville: One of the city’s most creative and exciting neighborhoods. 

✓	Quick Trip to Broadway: Enjoy the Honky Tonks, Bridgestone Arena, and Ryman Auditorium just a short ride away. 

✓	Nearby Hidden Gems: Discover local favorites like Southern Grist Brewing, East Nashville Beer Works, and All People Coffee. 

✓	Art, Music, and Murals: Snap a pic with Dolly or Johnny at the nearby mural.

House Layout and Amenities:

1st Floor: Secure two-car garage, bedroom with a queen bed, and full bath.

2nd Floor: King bedroom, chef’s kitchen, living room with a queen sleeper, dining area, and another full bath.

3rd Floor: Queen bedroom with private bath + a bedroom with two full beds and private bath.

4th Floor: Massive rooftop deck with skyline views.

Rooftop Deck: The crown jewel—your own private patio in the sky. Gather here for morning coffee and planning the day’s adventures, or toast the night away with reflections and laughter. It's made for group moments and memory-making.

Fully Equipped Kitchen – Cook up brunch or a late-night snack with everything you need.

Smart TVs & High-Speed WiFi – Stay connected and entertained.

Washer & Dryer – Pack light and keep things fresh.

Keyless Entry & Noise Monitoring – Easy check-in and peace of mind.

Tasty Stops & Local Flavors

•	Crema Coffee Roasters ~ 1.4 mi – Zero‑waste cafe roasting on‑site with bright, welcoming vibes—perfect for your morning crew or a mid‑day caffeine break.

•	Kisser ~ 0.6 mi – Japanese comfort‑food hit with serious buzz at lunch; grab small plates and don’t skip their crème brûlée.

•	Folk ~ 2.3 mi – Inventive, wood‑fired pizzas & creative entrees in a laid‑back, stylish dining room—ideal for a fun group dinner.

•	The Patterson House ~ 2 mi – Swanky speakeasy-style cocktail lounge with an expanded menu and craft drinks that impress.

•	Five Daughters Bakery ~ 2.8 mi – Delightful bakery known for mega‑layered doughnuts and southern sweets—sweet stop or take-away treat.

•	Inglewood Lounge ~ 3 mi – Cozy East Nash bar open until 1 a.m., serving craft cocktails and late‑night bites like burgers & birria tacos.

Explore the Heart of Nashville

•	Germantown – 4 miles

•	The Gulch – 5 miles

•	Music Row – 6 miles

•	Downtown Broadway – 4 miles

•	Top Golf – 3 miles

•	Nissan Stadium – 3 miles

•	Bicentennial Park – 3 miles

•	Sounds Stadium – 4 miles

•	Bridgestone Arena – 4 miles

•	Midtown/Vanderbilt – 6 miles

•	12 South – 8 miles

•	Nashville Airport – 11 miles

•	Iconic Nashville Venues

•	Marathon Music Works – 5 miles

•	Ascend Amphitheater – 5 miles

•	Grand Ole Opry – 8 miles

•	Opryland – 8 miles

•	Ryman Auditorium – 4 miles

Book Your Stay at Harmony 18!

Celebrating something big? Or just gathering your people for a much-needed escape? Harmony 18 gives you the space, style, and setting to do it right. With plenty of room to spread out, thoughtful amenities, and a rooftop patio made for moments, this East Nashville home is where good times happen. Book now and let the memory-making begin!

Meet the Hosts

iTrip Nashville is a dedicated vacation rental company based in Nashville, TN. Our team is committed to providing a five-star experience for the guests we have the honor of hosting. From spotless spaces to seamless check-ins, we ensure that every detail is covered upon your arrival. We’re available 24/7 to assist as needed. Be our guests and allow us to help you create unforgettable memories in Nashville.

★ Love this property but your dates aren’t available? Reach out to us! We manage a variety of unique rentals across the area and would be happy to recommend another property that fits your needs.

Metro Nashville & Davidson County Short Term Rental Permit 2021followedby027858

Other things to note
Please note that we may collect additional information from you after confirming your booking (usually an email address) in order to comply with local regulations and to provide the best possible experience.

Regulatory Information

2021_027858

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ITrip Nashville
Host User ID: 260899725
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/260899725
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
iTrip Vacations Nashville is a locally owned business that works very hard to provide world-class guest experiences for tens of thousands of guests each year.

Kevin and the entire iTrip staff loves all things Music City and enjoys interacting with visitors and creating wonderful memories for all who travel here or locals getting out and about. 

Please ask if you need anything.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
3664 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting