URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1482045677560642950
Latitude: 36.1563
Longitude: -86.7738
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 12
beds: 24
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to SoBro Guest House (Units 14-25) by AvantStay! 

- 12 private suites in one boutique SoBro building
- Total of 12 bedrooms, sleeping 24 guests
- Steps from Broadway, live music, and dining
- Each suite has a kitchen, living room, and private bedroom
- Smart TVs, luxe linens, and local mural art
- Perfect for group trips, retreats, and celebrations

The space
Welcome to SoBro Guest House (Units 14-25) by AvantStay! These 12 suites are all located within one boutique building in the heart of Nashville’s vibrant SoBro neighborhood, with a combined total of 12 bedrooms, sleeping 24 guests—an ideal setup for large group getaways, corporate retreats, or wedding parties looking to stay together while enjoying space and privacy.

Just steps from Broadway, SoBro Guest House gives you front-row access to Nashville’s world-famous music scene, celebrated restaurants, eclectic bars, and buzzing local energy. Whether you’re catching a show, bar hopping with friends, or sampling hot chicken and craft cocktails, you’ll love having downtown at your doorstep.

Each apartment-style suite includes a private bedroom, full kitchen, cozy living space, and original artwork from local muralist Nathan Brown. We’ve outfitted each one with luxe linens, smart TVs, indulgent bath products, and fresh roasted coffee—ensuring your stay feels elevated and easy from the moment you arrive.

Booking all 12 units means your group can stay close while still enjoying the privacy and comfort of individual spaces. It’s a boutique hotel experience with all the personality and warmth of a Nashville home.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

SoBro, short for South of Broadway, is one of Nashville's most exciting and walkable neighborhoods. Just steps from Broadway's legendary honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, and the Country Music Hall of Fame, it's a place where music, food, and local culture collide. You'll find some of the city's best restaurants, rooftop bars, and coffee shops nestled alongside art galleries, boutique shopping, and vibrant street murals. With downtown and The Gulch just minutes away, SoBro is the perfect home base for exploring the very best of Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- There is no elevator onsite.
- The specific layout and decor within each suite may vary from what is shown in the images.
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.

Parking Details:
- The SoBro guest house parking lot operates on a paid nightly structure. Overnight parking is $35 per night. Short-term parking is $5 for up to 1 hour and $35 for 1–24 hours.
- Guests of AvantStay will receive a 25% discount during their stay. Use discount code GST25.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620307121

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting