URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1137815022899226301
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome To The Hall Of Fame! Tribute to all the Legends of the Music 
Short walk to Broadway(8 mins only), Bridgestone Arena, The Music City Center, and Country Music Hall of fame and All of Nashville finest.

! Top Notched Spacious  Unit from  Comfort and Unique Themed rooms, Photoshoot room , Ultimate Party room, and street access. Designed for Ultimately the Best Nashville Experience. 

Fully Equipped Kitchen, Supplies, Coffee, Comfortable Beds and Premium Linens
Free Parking in Gated Garage

The space
🎸 Top-Notched Apartment | Luxury Downtown Nashville Condo | Sleeps 8 | Steps from Broadway & Honky-Tonks
Experience Nashville Like a True VIP in the Heart of Downtown Music City!
Welcome to The Top-Notched Apartment, Unit #105 — your stylish and thoughtfully curated retreat right in the middle of Downtown Nashville’s vibrant energy. This luxury condo is designed for travelers who want more than just a place to stay — it’s a full-on Nashville experience paying tribute to the city’s greatest musicians across all genres, from legends like The Beatles and The Rolling Stones to today’s superstars like Taylor Swift and Miley Cyrus.
Step inside and immerse yourself in a space where music history meets modern luxury, putting all of Nashville’s finest attractions just steps from your door.
🛏 Sleeps Up to 8 Guests — Spacious & Comfortable for Groups
Perfect for:
Weekend travelers ready to experience legendary honky-tonks and live music 🎤
Business travelers seeking a stylish, relaxing home base during the week 💼
Bachelor/bachelorette parties, birthday celebrations, or any special occasion getaway 🎉
🎉 The Ultimate Hangout & Party Space — Your Music City Lounge
Your living room is designed to set the stage for unforgettable memories:
Neon lighting and striking wall art honoring music icons past and present
Two comfortable sleeper sofas plus two futon sleeper sofas — plenty of room for your crew
Large Smart TV and vintage record player for your personal soundtrack
High-speed WiFi keeps you connected, whether streaming or sharing your adventures
🍳 Fully Equipped Kitchen & Dining for Effortless Meals
Prepare your favorite dishes or fuel up with morning coffee thanks to:
Modern kitchen with cookware, utensils, and appliances
Keurig coffee maker with a complimentary variety of pods
Dining table spacious enough for group meals or planning your night out
🛌 Two Elegantly Furnished Bedrooms + Extra Sleeping Options
Bedroom One:
Two full-size beds with premium linens for a regal night's rest
Ensuite bathroom with bathtub/shower combo and essential toiletries
Dedicated makeup room with photoshoot wall — perfect for glam moments
Bedroom Two:
King bed with plush pillows for ultimate comfort
Private bathroom with tub/shower combo and full toiletries
Walk-in closet stocked with extra pillows, blankets, and an air mattress for flexible sleeping
🛁 Luxurious Bathrooms & Convenience
Both bathrooms come stocked with shampoo, conditioner, body wash, toilet paper, and premium hair dryers
Full washer and dryer, dishwasher, iron, and ironing board included for your convenience
🌟 Access to Exclusive Building Amenities
swimming pool open year-round — perfect for relaxing or a refreshing swim
State-of-the-art fitness center featuring a rock climbing wall for fitness enthusiasts
Serene courtyard with propane grill for outdoor dining and gatherings
Cozy outdoor fireplace ideal for late-night chats or s’mores under the stars
Common hangout areas perfect for socializing or unwinding
Sky lounges with breathtaking panoramic views of the Nashville skyline
📍 Prime Downtown Location — Steps from the Best of Nashville
Just blocks away from:
Legendary Lower Broadway & world-famous honky-tonks
Ascend Amphitheater & Bridgestone Arena — premier live music venues
Historic Ryman Auditorium
Trendy restaurants, vibrant bars, and cozy coffee shops
🛎️ Exceptional Services for a Stress-Free Stay
24/7 emergency maintenance for peace of mind
Bellhop baggage service for hassle-free arrivals and departures
Overnight security team on-site for your safety
One assigned parking spot included; additional parking available for purchase in the building garage
Convenient trash disposal chute located in Unit 255
A Personal Note from Your Host
Welcome to the Top-Notched Apartment! We’ve poured love and detail into this space to make your Nashville trip more than just a visit — a true VIP experience celebrating the city’s rich musical legacy and vibrant lifestyle. Whether you’re here to party, work, or unwind, we’re committed to making your stay seamless and unforgettable. Reach out anytime with questions or for insider tips on the best Nashville hotspots!
Book your stay today and get ready to dive deep into the heart of Music City — where luxury, music, and unforgettable memories await! 🎸🌟

Guest access
This entire apartment complex along with this unit is accessed by a keyless smartphone entry system called Latch. Please be sure to have it download and watch the tutorial from the link in the email prior to your trip to ensure smooth check-in procedures.  Please keep your phone charged up and have it with you at all times since it is required to access the building and the unit.

If you plan to arrive prior to check-in or leave later than your check-out time and need a place to store your baggage, Baggage Bellhop is available onsite 7 days/week 9AM - 5 PM

Other things to note
Please Note:
While we always strive to provide a comfortable and positive living experience, there are certain factors beyond our personal control that we want to clarify:
We are not responsible for external variables outside of this building, such as noise, construction, or private/public events happening nearby.
This property is part of a larger complex managed by building management, who oversee:
Common areas and shared spaces
Exterior maintenance
Interior maintenance of physical systems and appliances (including but not limited to plumbing, electrical, HVAC, and drywall)
When it comes to maintenance requests or issues, we are required to follow the building’s procedures and timelines. We will always do our best to communicate and advocate on your behalf, but please understand that resolution times are ultimately determined by the building’s management and service teams.

This is a multi-unit building, and there may be other guests staying in neighboring units.
While we expect everyone to be respectful, we cannot control the behavior of other guests, including potential noise.
If excessive noise occurs after quiet hours, you may report it directly to the building’s overnight security, who are available to assist.
Thank you for your understanding and cooperation! If you have any questions or concerns ahead of your stay, feel free to reach out.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Paravee
Host User ID: 572705677
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/572705677
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
2 years hosting
560 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting