URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/14487681
Latitude: 36.1533
Longitude: -86.8732
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 5
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Howdy,  I'm so delighted that you stopped by. I love my guests. Most answers to any questions or concerns can be found here. 

"NASHvegas getaway" provides southern hospitality at its best and with everything you need for an ultimate fun and relaxation holiday without ever having to leave the property. Pets weighing 40 pounds or less are welcome. Only 2 pets are permitted per stay.

The space
YOU MUST BE 27 OR OLDER TO BOOK MY HOME. 

Per my reviews, my home is always sparkling clean as we always clean the home with hospital grade cleaners. I am proud of my 5 stars for cleanliness. 

NASHvegas Getaway is a 2 bedroom home located in a quiet and upscale residential neighborhood of "Charlotte Park" which is considered as one of the best and safest neighborhoods in Nashville. It is one of two homes located on the same lot. I live part time in the 2nd home with my 2 small dogs. Neither home shares the same area. Nashvegas getaway is located within a few miles from downtown and other major establishments and area attractions. You'll find a large patio filled with extras like an inviting hot tub with curtains for privacy, an outdoor gas grill, comfortable loungers for relaxing  and many other amenities. The entire front yard is securely fenced in and reserved for guests and their pets only so no need to worry about them escaping. If you are more interested in kicking back indoors, then feel free to sink into the extra long and VERY comfortable down filled cushioned sofa. The kitchen is fully equipped to meet the needs of the most discriminating chefs. If not, let me know and I will do my darnedest to get it for you. There is a TV in every room in the house except the dining room with over 300 channels to choose from and satellite boxes that will allow you to record your own show if you like. I hope you will enjoy my large collection (over 350) of recorded movies or shows found on the DVR which include documentaries, comedies, western and various other genres except horror. A large portion of them are TCM Hollywood classics which is one of my guilty pleasures. If you are looking for an old black and white, there are plenty to choose from. When it's time to catch a good night of zzz's, you'll rest easily on a "top of the line mattress".  I receive many wonderful compliments on their comfort. My home is so comfortable and relaxing and every imaginable amenity is provided.  If not, I will do my darnedest to get it for you. 

My guests just love my fun, quirky and unique home. They tell me that it's a great place to hang out, relax and let their hair down. You will find that my "getaway" has its own delightful sense of humor and personality.  If you are looking for a wonderful place to spend some quality time with your loved ones and to make some lasting memories for years to come, then I welcome you here. I would love to have you. 

Directly behind the home is Charlotte Park. Great place for walking your dog or for getting a little exercise for yourself. Don't forget  your basketball and/or walking shoes. There is also a playground for your little ones (see photos).  

During the spring and summer months, be sure to visit "Rock Harbor Marina".  It's one of my favorite hangouts and is located within walking distance from the home. Be sure to check out the ever popular "Blue Moon Cafe" while there. It's a wonderful outdoor restaurant that sits on the water. You will enjoy listening to the live music, the great food, and watching the boats come and go. 

No matter how you are wanting to fill your time while you are in Nashville, you will find most activities and tourist attractions very nearby and at the same time, you can come "HOME" where the neighborhood is very safe, low traffic and peaceful. 
* Upon checkout, you will not be required to do more than your own dishes and proper disposal of trash and recyclables. 
* If you're a returning guest, military vet or a fellow Airbnb host, I gladly offer you a 10%  discount on your stay.

Guest access
You will have the entire house, patio area and the fenced in  front yard all to yourself.  I live onsite in a separate unit. Charlotte park is located a skip, hop and jump down the street which has access to a walking trail, basketball court and a playground for the kids. It’s a great place where you can enjoy a picnic, walk your dog, play a game of basketball and so much more.

Other things to note
*My home is dedicated to those individuals seeking a fun, safe, peaceful and quiet atmosphere for some rest and relaxation. Charlotte park is a quiet residential area with residents that live here full-time. Excessive noise will not be tolerated especially between the hours of 10:00PM and 8:00AM.  I like my wonderful neighbors and I am committed to making sure that they are not disturbed by my vacation rental guests. 
*Smoking is permitted on the patio only
*There's an additional fee of $20.00 for each guest per night after 2 people.
*Pet Policy: This is a pet-friendly dwelling provided your pooches and kitties are not noisy and do not engage in destructive behaviors. Please let me know if you are bringing a pet and be sure to include their breed and weight upon your initial contact with me. No aggressive dogs are permitted or those weighing over 40 pounds. I provide many items for your beloved doggy including a  medium size doggy door for getting in and out of the home, steps, gate, bed, sheets and towels. There is a fee of $50 for each pet. Only 2 pets are permitted. There will always be additional cleaning required after a pet has been in the home. We do a very thorough job and leave behind no trace of a pet ever being here. This will ensure that the next guests will enjoy the home without the inconvenience of pet smells or hair floating about. As a courtesy, if you are only staying 1 night and you have 2 pets, a one time fee of $50 will be sufficient for both. IMPORTANT! If you are bringing a pet. Please let me know the breed(s) and weight when booking.

Registration Details
201801982

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Darlene
Host User ID: 23834026
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/23834026
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm an  interior and garden designer with a zest for life. My favorite past time is being outside amongst my beautiful display of flowers while listening to the birds sing and watch the butterflies and hummingbirds flutter about.

Hosting allows me the opportunity to meet the most wonderful and  interesting individuals on the planet earth. 

A BAD ATTITUDE IS LIKE A FLAT TIRE, YOU CAN'T GO ANYWHERE UNTIL YOU CHANGE IT
My work: garden designer
Most useless skill: I can flex my chest muscles lol
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
648 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting