URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1593095751838879395
Latitude: 36.1418
Longitude: -86.8131
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Maestro, 2 stylish West End units perfect for friends or family who want to stay close while enjoying a little extra space and privacy! Just a short stroll to Centennial Park for morning jogs, picnics, or soaking up the scenery, and a quick drive to Broadway’s buzzing bars, live music, and iconic Nashville energy. Each unit features its own bright living area and fully equipped kitchen, perfect for relaxing, cooking, or gathering before heading out to explore the city.

The space
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THIS PROPERTY, PLEASE READ THE LISTING ENTIRELY. By booking, the guest agrees they have read all the details about the property and agree to our terms and conditions. 

⭐ Amenities:
- Nestled in the vibrant West End Corridor, putting the best of Nashville right at your doorstep
- Just a 5-minute stroll to Centennial Park, perfect for morning jogs, picnics, or soaking up some fresh air before a night on the town
- Only a quick 5-minute drive to Broadway, where live music, buzzing bars, and Nashville’s iconic energy await
- Two nearby units—ideal for friends or family who want to stay close while enjoying a little extra space and privacy
- Smart TVs in every living area and bedroom, ready for movie marathons, binge-watching, or streaming your favorite shows
- In-unit washers and dryers, so you can pack light and keep everyone fresh throughout your getaway
- Lobby with a cozy lounge, the perfect spot to relax, catch up, or sip a coffee while planning your next adventure
- Elevator access, because getting to your unit should be effortless and stress-free

🛋️ Living Areas:
- Each Unit -
- Bright and open living area perfect for kicking back, laughing with friends, or planning your next Nashville adventure
- Cozy, lounge-worthy furnishings that begs you to sink in, relax, and stay awhile after a day of exploring or nightlife
- Smart TV ready for movie marathons, binge sessions, or cheering on your favorite team
- Coffee table at the heart of the room, perfect for snacks, drinks, or gathering everyone around for conversation

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Each Unit -
- Fully equipped modern kitchen, ready for everything from quick breakfasts to late-night snacks with friends
- Sleek stainless steel appliances
- Fridge, dishwasher, oven, 4-burner stove, microwave, and toaster, giving you everything you need to fuel your day or host casual meals
- Bar seating for 3, perfect for morning coffee, cocktail prep, or chatting while meals come together
- Drip coffee maker with coffee, ensuring every morning starts strong!
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters

🛌 Bedrooms & Bathrooms:
- Each Unit -
- Primary Bedroom: 1 King bed with a smart TV, closet, and en-suite bathroom
- Additional Sleeping Arrangement: 1 Full fold out bed
- Primary Bathroom: Single vanity and shower/tub combo
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can

🚗 Parking:
- Parking garage with 2 parking spots available
- Additional street parking is available first-come, first-served  

❗️Notes to Guests & Important Details:
- Please note these units are located on the 4th floor of the building, and an elevator is available on-site. While the 2 units are on the same floor, they are NOT side by side.
- We offer multiple rooms for this building, and each unit is designed to provide a comfortable stay. While the quality of our rooms remain consistent, the layout and design may vary.

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
2 min walk: Bellagio Pizza
4 min walk: BrickTop’s
4 min walk: The Local
5 min walk: Tazik’s Mediterranean Cafe
5 min walk: Starbucks
5 min walk: Centennial Park
6 min walk: Ted’s Montana Grill
8 min walk: Maggiano's
8 min walk: The Parthenon
10 min walk: Centennial Dog Park

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
3 mins: Vanderbilt University
4 mins: MidTown
5 mins: Broadway
5 mins: Tennessee State University
5 mins: Belmont University
6 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
6 mins: Music Row
7 mins: RCA Studio
7 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Course
7 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
7 mins: Belmont Mansion
7 mins: Fat Bottom Brewery
8 mins: The Gulch
8 mins: SOBRO
8 mins: McCabe Golf Club
8 mins: Music City Center
8 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
8 mins: The Nations
9 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
9 mins: Germantown
9 mins: Geodis Park
10 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
12 mins: Topgolf
12 mins: Nashville International Airport
14 mins: Nashville Zoo
18 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service! Please inquire to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within 2 hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided upon request, as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Unit 1 - Nashville Permit Issued In 2022 followed by:2022086857
Unit 2 - Nashville Permit Issued In 2022 followed by:2022052164

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms!
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
17857 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting