URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/25903972
Latitude: 36.1791
Longitude: -86.7364
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This architectural stunner was featured in several design magazines and is conveniently located in the popular East Nashville neighborhood. The 4BR, 4BA modern mission-style home offers upgrades galore, including a movie theater room, deluxe kitchen and 2 master bedrooms. Minutes from downtown and walkable to many restaurants, bars, coffee shops and shopping.

The space
THE HOUSE

From the curved drive, pull into the private two-car garage, with two additional parking spots on the driveway. Enter the home from the full glass double front door into the contemporary foyer with concrete floors and original artwork.

Head to the left down a hallway with coat and shoe cubbies to keep your belongings organized and find the first bedroom. It offers plush décor and bedding, 50” flat-screen TV, full bed and en-suite bathroom with walk-in shower and stackable washer and dryer.

Back in the foyer, head up the wood steps into the main living room where you can gather with friends on the two couches and two chairs. On cool nights, eat al fresco at the six-person outdoor porch dining table.

Behind the living room, the dining room flows right into the kitchen. The sleek dining room table seats eight, with another eight seats at the cozy breakfast nook situated under the large picture windows. Flex your cooking muscles in the modern kitchen, surrounded by beautiful touches like quartz countertops and high-end appliances including a Thermador 6-burner gas stove, dishwasher, double oven and wine fridge.

The kids can have their own space in the playroom found on the other side of the living room. It boasts double dutch doors, games and a large TV. A pull-out sofa also provides additional sleeping spaces. A full bath connects the play room to a hallway that leads to a custom movie theater room. Show your favorite films in the theater room that seats ten people comfortably on plush couches and includes a wet bar.

Down the hallway, past a large library of books, is the dramatic master bedroom, featuring a huge king-size bed with floor-to-ceiling curtains. Exquisite doesn’t begin to describe the master bathroom, complete with double vanities, free-standing soaking tub and massive walk-in shower with revolving iron door.

Before you make your way up to the top floor, you’ll want to see what’s playing in the Movie Room! You can stream your favorite movies from the comfort of oversized chairs or one of the two couches that are all set up theater style so everyone can enjoy the show. 

Head past the Movie Room and up the stairs where you’ll find a second laundry room with exit to the backyard. The third bedroom offers large windows and a twin-over-full bunk bed, while the fourth bedroom features a full bed. Both rooms share a bathroom with double vanities and tub/shower combination.

THE LOCATION

You’re in one of the best locations in Nashville, within walking distance to Five Points, Lockeland Springs and Eastland Avenue, packed with shops, restaurants and bars.

Sports fans will appreciate being close to Nissan Stadium, while outdoor aficionados will enjoy the Shelby Bottoms Nature Center and Greenway. Check out the food and beer scene in East Nashville. Or take a short Uber ride to downtown Nashville, the Gulch, Wedgewood Houston, or one of the many other areas in this fun and exciting town!

Local Permit: Issued 2017 followed by 027473

Guest access
Our guests have full access to the home, with the exception of 2 maid and linen closets.

Other things to note
The house will sleep 12 people, but we need to know how many people are staying ahead of time so we can set up the sofa bed and roll away if they are needed.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Peggy
Host User ID: 194667315
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/194667315
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
8 years hosting
15 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting