URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1158042455771290759
Latitude: 36.19561
Longitude: -86.77513
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 6
beds: 11
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to our two stunning three-story townhouses, perfectly situated just a 5-minute drive from downtown. Boasting awe-inspiring views,  spacious kitchen islands, and rooftop decks, pools, hot tubs and fire pits that will leave you speechless. This really is the ultimate urban escape.

The space
Whether you're planning a family/friend get-away, a bachelorette/bachelor get-together, intimate couples retreat, or coordinating a visit with your work colleagues, our spacious and thoughtfully designed homes are perfect for any group.

Privacy: This contemporary gem offers six private bedrooms all of which have in suite bathrooms. Each bedroom has its own floor in the house for even more privacy. 

Rooftop Bliss: These homes offer some of the best city skyline views in all of Nashville. It’s the perfect space for both relaxation and celebration.

Broadway: This home offers the perfect balance, allowing you to relish the excitement of Broadway's honky tonks while providing a peaceful retreat for added privacy, all within easy reach.

Sleeping Arrangements: 4 king beds, 4 queen beds, 2 pull-out couch, 1 rollaway single bed. 

★ Two Homes side by side 
★ 2 heated pools & 2 hot tubs 
★ 6 bedrooms, one on each floor w/ private baths 
★ Spacious Rooftop Decks
★ Incredible Skyline Views
★ Free Parking w/ 4 Car Garage 
★ Bonus Rooms, wet bars, and mini fridges
★ Keurig & Regular Coffee Makers
★ Washers and Dryers 
★ Free Wifi and 6 Smart TVs
★ Dog Friendly (2 max)

AMAZING LOCATION BY CAR/UBER:
5 minutes to Germantown
5 minutes to Top Golf
5 minutes to Downtown
5 minutes to Nissan Stadium 
5 minutes to Sounds Stadium
8 minutes to Broadway & Honky Tonks
10 minutes to Music City Convention Center
10 minutes to Country Music Hall of Fame
10 minutes to Bridgestone Arena
10 minutes to Ryman Auditorium

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire home (besides 2 locked owners closets) by August Smart lock.

Other things to note
Two Homes:
This listing is for two homes, two pools, and two hot tubs! Each home can sleep up to 10 guests (20 total with this listing). Over 4500 sq. feet in total, these attached 3 story homes feature two separate entrances and offer the convenience of six complimentary parking spaces. The backyard is divided by a fence with a gate in between.

Check-in 4pm & Check-out by 10am:
Early check-in and late check-out may be available for an additional fee however, not guaranteed. All such requests are subject to owner approval, availability, and applicable fees, and must be requested at the time of booking. Late requests cannot be accommodated. 

No Nashville or local guests: 
We do not allow any locals to book our house or be on our property, even if not staying the night. We do not rent to anyone who lives in Nashville or within 60 miles. We reserve the right to cancel any reservation without refund of any local guest who books our home. Do not book our home if you live in Nashville or within 60 miles. We do not allow any guests on our property that are local. ***Sometimes exceptions can be made - please send us an inquiry and let us know your circumstance!

Pool and Hot Tub:
Enjoy the convenience of having the pool and hot tub open and available year-round, making your stay with us a well-rounded retreat. Pools are heated. Please note, that swimming at the property is at your own risk. We are not responsible for any accidents, incidents, or injuries that may occur while swimming or using our amenities. By booking, you acknowledge that you are swimming at your own discretion and responsibility. 

No smoking inside:
To ensure a comfortable and healthy environment for all guests, smoking & vaping is strictly prohibited inside the property (yes, this includes marijuana). This includes all indoor areas and rooftop deck. If you wish to smoke or vape, please do so outside in the backyard or driveway. We will charge $500 for any smoking or vaping that occurred inside our home. Please do so outside in the driveway or backyard. 

Children Disclosure:
We're delighted to welcome families with children to our home! However, it's crucial to mention that our home is not childproofed. With amenities like a hot tub, pool, three story home with numerous stairs, rooftop deck featuring a high ledge, etc - we want to be up front and ensure a safe and enjoyable stay for everyone. For the safety of our youngest guests, we kindly request that children be supervised by an adult at all times. 

3 Story Home w/ Stairs:
Our home boasts three stories, a common architectural feature in many Nashville residences, contributing to breathtaking skyline views. To fully enjoy the charm of our space, please be aware that stairs are an integral part of your stay that each guest must use. The incredible view will make you forget about the stairs! 

Potential Noise:
Nashville is renowned for its vibrant atmosphere, particularly in the heart of the city. While our property offers a tranquil retreat, please be aware that you may experience occasional noise during your stay, such as from other neighboring Airbnb guests, sirens, music, traffic, construction, and more. These factors are beyond our control. While we anticipate minimal disruption for most guests, it's important to note if you are unaccustomed to urban environments.

Up to 2 dogs are allowed with a $150 pet fee. Please add pet(s) to your reservation and let us know when booking if a dog will be traveling with you.

Permit #2021056518
Permit #2021056524

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Allie
Host User ID: 285748255
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/285748255
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’ve been a professional Airbnb host in Nashville for 7 years and was honored to be named Host of the Year in 2021! 

I believe great stays start with easy communication, clear expectations, and spotless homes—creating spaces guests love coming back to again and again! 

My husband and I co-own a boutique property management company called Stay Nashville, LLC. We also love buying, selling, and flipping homes as investments. 

I’d love the opportunity to host you and your group here in Nashville!
My work: Professional Host
Favorite song in high school: All the Britney, Christina, Usher, Nelly
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
1657 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting