Skip to content
Homes
Homes
Experiences
Experiences
Services
Services
Start your search
Location
Anywhere
Check in / Check out
Anytime
Guests
Add guests
Become a host
Elegant 4BR East Nashville Home | Sleeps 10
Share
Save
Show all photos
Photos
Amenities
Reviews
Location
Entire home in Nashville, Tennessee, United States
10 guests · 4 bedrooms · 7 beds · 3 baths
Guest
favorite
One of the most loved homes on Airbnb, according to guests
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars.
5.0
71 reviews
71
Reviews
Hosted by David And Hayley
Superhost · 4 years hosting
Listing highlights
Top 5% of homes
This home is highly ranked based on ratings, reviews, and reliability.
In East Nashville, near downtown
In East Nashville, a short drive to Broadway, the Ryman, and Bridgestone Arena
A Nashville tribute home with character
Nashville-themed rooms with a vinyl listening lounge, sports loft, and a farmhouse kitchen
Hayley and David go above and beyond
Guests highlight the personalized touches and thoughtful hosting from Hayley and David
Spacious 4BR/3BA East Nashville home, just 2 miles from Broadway, sleeps 10 comfortably. Thoughtfully designed for families, friends, or groups, with open-concept kitchen & dining, multiple living areas, and versatile bedrooms including a queen guest room and a bunk suite. Bonus loft, premium bedding, high-speed WiFi, and easy street parking complete this serene, elevated retreat — perfect for enjoying Nashville by day and relaxing in comfort at night.

The space
This spacious 4-bedroom, 3-bath home comfortably accommodates up to 10 guests, with multiple gathering areas, private bedrooms, and versatile sleeping arrangements. Thoughtfully designed for comfort, style, and functionality, it’s ideal for families, friends, or mixed-age groups looking for a relaxing Nashville retreat just 2 miles from Broadway.

☆☆ DOWNSTAIRS ☆☆

◆ SOUTHERN FARMHOUSE KITCHEN/DINING ROOM : Large, open-concept kitchen and dining room with counter stools at the island for 4 plus seating for 6 or more around the farmhouse table. Features stainless-steel appliances, Keurig coffee maker (along with K-cups, creamer, and your favorite sweetener of choice), toaster, microwave, & blender…plus a large Samsung TV for entertainment, dozens of Southern cookbooks, and everything you could need to fix a yummy meal to share with family and friends!

◆ RYMAN AUDITORIUM LISTENING ROOM : Vibey country music lounge with mood-lighting, a bluetooth-enabled record player, and an impressive collection of country vinyl.

◆ RADNOR LAKE LIVING ROOM : Relaxing, nature-inspired sitting room, which serves as either the perfect atmosphere for cozy conversations with friends or as a tranquil oasis for working remotely using our portable, dedicated workstations.

◆ CENTENNIAL PARK ROOM (PRIMARY SUITE) : Primary bedroom inspired by the timeless elegance of the Parthenon replica located on the historic grounds of Centennial Park, with a luxurious king bed, Samsung Frame TV, spacious closet (with luggage racks also provided), and an ensuite full bathroom fit for a god or goddess - featuring a double vanity with stunning swan faucets and a beautiful custom-tiled walk-in shower with a spa-like soaking tub.

◆ CHEEKWOOD ROOM (BEDROOM 2) : Stately bedroom inspired by the grandeur of the Cheekwood mansion and its beautiful botanical gardens, with queen bed, Samsung Frame TV, closet (with luggage rack), and easy access to the shared downstairs full bathroom.

◆ TOOTSIE’S BATHROOM (DOWNSTAIRS FULL BATHROOM) : Full bathroom with shower/tub combo, featuring our floor-to-ceiling, black-and-white “Wall of Fame” with dozens of photos of the legends of country music.

◆ LAUNDRY ROOM : Full-service laundry room with washer/dryer, iron & ironing board, and other complimentary supplies.

☆☆ UPSTAIRS ☆☆

◆ IROQUOIS STEEPLECHASE ROOM (BEDROOM 3) : Cozy bedroom inspired by the lush green landscape of the Warner Parks where the annual running of the Iroquois Steeplechase horse race is held, with queen bed, closet (with luggage rack), and easy access to the shared upstairs full bathroom.

◆ NASHVILLE ZOO BUNKROOM (BEDROOM 4) : Spacious bedroom inspired by the wild menagerie of exotic animals found at the Nashville Zoo, with two bunk beds (Twin XL-over-Queen), closet (with luggage racks), and easy access to the shared upstairs full bathroom.

◆ NASHVILLE SKYLINE BATHROOM (UPSTAIRS FULL BATHROOM) : Full bathroom with shower/tub combo, featuring local graphic designs that showcase the notable buildings of the Nashville skyline (including the famous “Batman” building).

◆ NASHVILLE SPORTS LOFT (BONUS ROOM) : Ample bonus area with plenty of fun memorabilia to celebrate Nashville’s four major sports teams, with widescreen Samsung TV, beverage cooler, convenient ottoman drink table, and plenty of seating for the whole group with a comfy couch, large lounge chair, and multiple seating poufs!

Guest access
You’ll have 100% private access to the entire house during your stay (with the exception of a few locked supply/storage closets), including the front and back yard, back deck, and washer/dryer in the laundry room.

A unique, electronic key-code will be provided to you prior to your arrival for an easy self check-in.

High-speed WiFi is available throughout the entire space.

You will have access to smart TV’s in the dining room and the bonus room (as well as the two downstairs bedrooms) during your stay so that you can use your favorite streaming services (such as Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Prime) from your own account.

There is plenty of free street parking available right outside the house. As a simple precaution for a stay in a large urban area, we recommend that you don’t leave valuables in your vehicles and always keep your car doors locked.

Ubers/Lyfts are abundant and mostly inexpensive in this area. If you choose to drive your own car or rent a car to get around town, just know that parking downtown will typically cost you a pretty penny!

The convenient, central location of our house makes it the perfect homebase for you to explore all of Nashville’s surrounding attractions. You can visit the following destinations in an Uber/Lyft based on these approximate drive times:

☆ 5-10 Minutes ☆
First Horizon Park (Home of the Nashville Sounds Baseball Team) - 5 min
Nissan Stadium (Home of the Tennessee Titans) - 8 min
Bridgestone Arena (Home of the Nashville Predators) - 10 min
The Ryman Auditorium - 10 min
Broadway (Tootsie’s Orchid Lounge) - 10 min

☆ 10-15 Minutes ☆
GEODIS Park (Home of the Nashville SC Soccer Club) - 11 min
Opry Mills Mall - 12 min
Nashville Airport (BNA) - 15 min
The Parthenon - 15 min
Centennial Park - 15 min
The Grand Ole Opry - 15 min

☆ 15-30 Minutes ☆
Nashville Zoo - 20 min
Radnor Lake - 22 min
Cheekwood - 25 min

Other things to note
Security 

Outdoor security cameras are installed at the front and back of the property. For the safety and comfort of all guests, the following are not allowed and may result in immediate cancellation:

1. Exceeding the number of guests listed on the reservation.
2. Allowing any unregistered or undisclosed visitors inside the house.
3. Excessive noise outdoors after 10 PM — we are in a residential neighborhood.
4. Smoking, vaping, or any illegal substances anywhere on the property.

------------------------------

Laundry

The laundry room is on the main floor and available during your stay. It includes a brand-new washer/dryer, iron/ironing board, and complimentary laundry supplies.

------------------------------

Bathroom Amenities

We provide luxurious towels, soft bath mats, hair dryers, and a full selection of toiletries, including shampoo, conditioner, tampons/liners, q-tips, and cotton pads. Light cleaning supplies, a toilet brush, and plunger are also available for your convenience.

------------------------------

Kids

We love children! However, due to delicate décor, books, and breakables, this home is not recommended for children under 10 years old. Guests traveling with younger children will be responsible for any damage incurred.

------------------------------

Pets

To maintain a healthy, allergy-friendly environment, pets are not permitted.

------------------------------

Accessibility

* One small step from the sidewalk to the front walk.
* Two small steps from the front walk to the porch.
* One step to cross the threshold into the house.
* Main floor (kitchen, dining, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms) is level.
* Seventeen steps lead to the upstairs bedrooms and bonus room.
Show more
Where you’ll sleep
1 of 2 pages
1 / 2
Bedroom 1
1 queen bed
Bedroom 2
1 king bed
Bedroom 3
2 bunk beds
Bedroom 4
1 queen bed
What this place offers
Kitchen
Wifi
Dedicated workspace
Free parking on premises
55 inch HDTV with Amazon Prime Video, Hulu, Netflix
Free washer – In unit
Free dryer – In unit
Central air conditioning
Bathtub
Exterior security cameras on property
Show all 60 amenities
Select check-in date
Add your travel dates for exact pricing
Clear dates
Add dates for prices
Add dates for prices
CHECK-IN
Add date
CHECKOUT
Add date
GUESTS
1 guest
Check availability
Report this listing
Rated 5.0 out of 5 from 71 reviews.
5.0
Guest favorite
This home is in the top 5% of eligible listings based on ratings, reviews, and reliability
How reviews work
How reviews work
Overall rating
5 stars, 100% of reviews
5
4 stars, 0% of reviews
4
3 stars, 0% of reviews
3
2 stars, 0% of reviews
2
1 stars, 0% of reviews
1
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for cleanliness
Cleanliness
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for accuracy
Accuracy
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for check-in
Check-in
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for communication
Communication
5.0
Rated 4.8 out of 5 stars for location
Location
4.8
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for value
Value
5.0
Guest reviews mention
Decor
35
Hospitality
62
Layout
5
Indoor spaces
21
Location
22
Amenities
11
Cleanliness
18
Kitchen
10
Family
8
Sleep quality
12
Drew
Greenbrier, Arkansas
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
3 weeks ago
,
·
Stayed a few nights
DEFINITELY staying here again! Beautiful home with plenty of space, easy parking, and close to everywhere you’ll want to go. By far one of the best homes I’ve stayed in and the communication with the owner was quick and easy.
Show more
Kelly
Tampa, Florida
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
August 2026
,
·
Group trip
Haley and David’s home was beautiful and well laid out. The rooms were themed and so fun. They had very thoughtful amenities, were very communicative with details and suggestions. The location was great with lots of fun things to do in East Nashville and a short easy uber to downtown. We took morning walks in the neighborhood.
Show more
Jim
Des Moines, Iowa
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
June 2026
,
·
Group trip
We loved our stay! What a special place. We’ve stayed at many bnb’s but I’m not sure any have been as well appointed as this one. What a great place with amazing character. I underscore the word character as this one has much.  So well decorated and designed. Much larger than expected and easy accessibility to all the hot spots. Clearly hosts who care.  Would not hesitate to recommend at all and we’d stay here again in a heartbeat. 
We were a group of 7 adults who appreciated the decor. My only advice would be for families with small children. This place is so specially designed, I’d be worried if traveling with small children. Too many accidents waiting to happen
Show more
Lori
Nazareth, Pennsylvania
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
May 2026
,
·
Group trip
We absolutely loved our stay at this beautiful home and would 1000% recommend it to anyone visiting the area. The pictures actually don't do the home justice and it was the perfect layout and size for our group. The details are amazing and Hayley and David thought of everything, including a wonderful surprise of treats and balloon for our anniversary celebration. That was so very thoughtful and much appreciated. The communication was spot on and the detailed recommendations that were provided were super helpful. My only regret was that we were not able to stay longer but will absolutely look to book this home in future visits to Nashville. Thank you, Hayley and David, for making our trip one to remember and we look forward to coming back!
Lori and family
Show more
Andre
9 years on Airbnb
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
October 2025
David and Hayley's home is unbelievable beautiful! From the moment we walked through the doors, we were floored and knew that we found an absolute gem!
The home is thoughtfully decorated, with everything serving a true purpose and every piece of decor and furniture helping to tell the story of Nashville. The Ryman Listening Room felt like a true shrine to the Mother Church itself, with plenty of memorabilia to see and vinyls to spin. The Nashville Sports Loft is the ultimate spot to chill and catch up on sports or whatever else interests you.
The rooms are all spacious with super comfortable beds and the bathrooms are immaculate. The kitchen has a great layout with everything you need and storage all labeled.
Lastly, David & Hayley were the BEST hosts. They decorated and left goodies for my bachelor party, went above and beyond to provide all the information we needed! I can honestly say this is the best Airbnb I've ever stayed in and a big part of it are the wonderful hosts!
Show more
Greg
San Francisco, California
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
December 2025
,
·
Stayed with kids
We had a great time at the house - we especially enjoyed the Ryman Room! Hayley and David are super responsive and loaded with great recommendations!
Show all 71 reviews
Where you’ll be
East Nashville, Nashville
Songwriter shows, colorful murals, and renovated bungalows shape this creative district, with casual bars, cafes, and local shops.
Show more
Meet your host
Superhost
71 reviews
71
Reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
5.0
Rating
4 years of hosting
4
Years hosting
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
David And Hayley is a Superhost
Superhosts are experienced, highly rated hosts who are committed to providing great stays for guests.
Host details
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Message host
To help protect your payment, always use Airbnb to send money and communicate with hosts.
Things to know
Cancellation policy
Add your trip dates to get the cancellation details for this stay.
Add dates
House rules
Check-in after 3:00 PM
Checkout before 11:00 AM
10 guests maximum
Learn more
Safety & property
Exterior security cameras on property
Carbon monoxide alarm
Smoke alarm
Learn more
Airbnb
United States
Tennessee
Davidson County
Nashville
Explore other options in and around Nashville
Atlanta 
Vacation rentals
Sevierville 
Vacation rentals
Gatlinburg 
Vacation rentals
Pigeon Forge 
Vacation rentals
Indianapolis 
Vacation rentals
Asheville 
Vacation rentals
St. Louis 
Vacation rentals
Louisville 
Vacation rentals
Cincinnati 
Vacation rentals
Other types of stays on Airbnb
Nashville vacation rentals
Nashville monthly stays
House vacation rentals in Nashville
Family-friendly vacation rentals in Nashville
Family-friendly vacation rentals in Davidson County
House vacation rentals in Davidson County
Family-friendly vacation rentals in Tennessee
House vacation rentals in Tennessee
Family-friendly vacation rentals in United States
Site Footer
Support
Help Center
Get help with a safety issue
AirCover
Travel insurance
Anti-discrimination
Disability support
Cancellation options
Report neighborhood concern
Hosting
Airbnb your home
Airbnb your experience
Airbnb your service
AirCover for Hosts
Earnings Protection
Hosting resources
Community forum
Hosting responsibly
Airbnb-friendly apartments
Join a free hosting class
Find a co‑host
Refer a host
Airbnb
2026 Summer Release
Newsroom
Careers
Investors
Gift cards
Airbnb.org emergency stays
Footer section
© 2026 Airbnb, Inc.·Privacy·Terms·Your Privacy Choices
English (US)
$
USD