URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/44475340
Latitude: 36.20669
Longitude: -86.76707
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Beautiful 3 story town home located in East Nashville. Under 10 minute Uber ride to Broadway. First floor features living and kitchen. 2nd floor has bath with large tiled standing shower and queen sized bed. 3rd floor has another queen sized bed and a roof top patio. Washer and dryer in home.

The space
Welcome to 'The Venture Palace'--our charming three-story townhome nestled in the heart of East Nashville and less than 10 minutes from downtown Nashville! Perfectly situated for those seeking a simple, convenient, and homey stay, our space offers a comfortable retreat with modern amenities and a touch of local flair.

★First Floor★
As you step inside, you'll be greeted by an open-concept living area, thoughtfully designed for relaxation and socializing. The cozy yet spacious living room invites you to unwind on a large couch while enjoying the streaming services on our large flat-screen TV. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with stainless steel appliances and ample counter space, beckons culinary enthusiasts to whip up delicious meals or savor takeout from the diverse array of nearby eateries.

★Second Floor★ (Sleeps 1-2)
Venture up the staircase to discover the first set of well-appointed bedrooms. This room is tastefully decorated with a blend of modern and rustic elements, creating a comfortable atmosphere for a restful night's sleep. The second floor also hosts a stylish shared bathroom, featuring a walk-in shower, contemporary fixtures and complimentary toiletries.

★Third Floor★ (Sleeps 1-2)
Ascend to the top floor, where you'll find the second private bedroom with a comfortable queen-sized bed, and an office desk which can also be used as a make-up station. The top floor bedroom features a private walk-out rooftop patio where you can savor a cup of coffee as you soak in the East Nashville ambiance.

*Note: Bedroom on the second floor does not have a door and is an open layout.

& please note the only bathroom is located on the second floor via the stairs, there is no bathroom connected to the bedroom on the top floor. 

★Local Flair★
Immerse yourself in the local culture of East Nashville. From the townhome, you're just a 3-minute stroll away from a quaint local coffee shop, "Crema", and a our favorite brewery with beer-garden, "East Nashville Beer Works". Or, indulge in the unique culinary scene that ranges from classic Southern comfort food to innovative fusion dishes in the surrounding East Nashville area.

Whether you're here for a weekend getaway, a business trip, or an extended stay, our three-story townhome in East Nashville is the ideal home base. Experience the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and character in Music City. Welcome to your East Nashville haven!

*This is a brand new development in a community with features built around safety and a sense of community.

One of the beauties of this property is it’s convenient location to all of Nashville’s surrounding attractions.

★Drive Times from our home★

•Nashville Airport - 15 mins
•Top Golf - 5 mins
•Nissan Stadium (Home of The Tennessee Titans) - 5 mins
•First Tennessee Park (Home of The Nashville Sounds Baseball Team) - 5 mins
•The Gaylord Opryland Hotel & The Grand Ole Opry - 11 mins
•Bridgestone Arena (Home of The Nashville Predators) - 10 mins
•The Ascend Amphitheater (Outdoor Events Arena by The River) - 9 mins
•The Ryman Auditorium - 10 mins
•Broadway (Honky Tonk Central) - 10 mins

Guest access
•Guests will have exclusive access to the entire townhome.
•Self check-in at 4:00pm with keyless entry.
•Unit #10.

REMINDER:

•ONLY 4 guests allowed, unless otherwise approved by Host.
•PARTIES will NOT be tolerated. Immediate removal from the property will take place.
•Nashville locals are not permitted to reserve our home. If you ignore this and continue to book, we will kindly ask you to cancel the reservation.

Other things to note
FREE PARKING:

•Parking is located throughout the gated community.
•Any open spot is free to take.

Registration Details
2021080781

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andrew
Host User ID: 359508739
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/359508739
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey! Nice to meet you!
Born in the 90s
My work: Recording Artist
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
199 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting