URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/48026480
Latitude: 36.1387
Longitude: -86.7877
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 8
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Perfect for three couples: each of the three queen bedrooms has its own private bath, so everyone gets their own space. This Edgehill townhome in Nashville's Golden Triangle is minutes from The Gulch, 12 South, Music Row and Broadway. Private rooftop deck with skyline views and a grill, chef's kitchen with island seating for four and a workspace.

The space
🌟 Welcome to Your Perfect Nashville Getaway! 🌟
Tucked away in one of the city's most vibrant neighborhoods, this thoughtfully designed 3-bedroom, 3.5-bath home is your private retreat in Music City. With sleek modern finishes, cozy corners, and an epic rooftop made for memory-making, it’s the ideal home base for your group getaway, girls’ trip, bachelorette bash, or family vacation.

🏡 First Floor – Private Suite + Game Room Vibes
As soon as you enter the home, you're greeted with a warm welcome and a spacious layout that invites you to settle in.

🛏️ Bedroom 1: Tucked just off the entryway, this inviting bedroom features a plush queen bed, a private ensuite bathroom, and ample closet space—perfect for guests who appreciate a little extra privacy or want to avoid the stairs.
🚫 Heads-up: There’s a private garage on this level that's locked and reserved for owner use only.

🍽️ Second Floor – Chef’s Kitchen + Entertainer’s Dream
This floor is where the magic happens—designed for gathering, cooking, dining, and connecting.

👨‍🍳 Kitchen: A bright, open-concept chef’s kitchen with stainless steel appliances, a large island with bar seating, and everything you need to prepare everything from casual snacks to full-blown feasts.
🍴 Dining Area: The oversized dining table is the perfect setting for shared meals, toasts, and deep convos over wine or morning coffee.

🖥️ Work & Play: Need to sneak in a little work or research your Nashville itinerary? There’s a dedicated desk with a display to connect your laptop for your convenience.

🛋️ Living Area: Lounge in style with comfy sectional seating, a large smart TV with YouTube TV, and room for everyone to kick back. 

🚻 Half Bath: No need to run upstairs—there’s a convenient powder room just off the main space.

🛌 Third Floor – Restful Retreats for Every Guest
This top floor offers two dreamy bedrooms designed to help you recharge after exploring Music City.

🛏️ Bedroom 2: Featuring a queen-size bed, ensuite bathroom, and modern touches—it’s perfect for those who love a cozy yet stylish escape.
🛏️ Bedroom 3: Another queen bed with a private ensuite, this suite-like setup offers privacy, comfort, and a spa-inspired vibe.

Each bedroom is stocked with plush bedding, blackout curtains, and soft lighting to help you unwind and sleep in peace.

An additional Queen Air Mattress is available.

🌇 Rooftop Oasis – Your Private Sky Lounge
Saving the best for last—take your experience to new heights with our fully furnished private rooftop deck!

🔥 Fire up the grill for a cookout under the stars
🪑 Enjoy ample seating for your whole group—perfect for morning coffee, afternoon snacks, or evening cocktails
🌆 Take in panoramic views of the Nashville skyline—especially magical at sunset

Whether you're sipping wine, playing a game of cornhole, or simply basking in the fresh air, this rooftop was made for unforgettable moments.

💡 Extras You’ll Love
🔐 Keyless Entry System – Easy access with a custom code created just for your group
🚗 Street Parking, there’s plenty of parking right outside
📶 High-Speed Wi-Fi
☕ Duo Coffee Maker (drip + pods) for all caffeine preferences

🎉 Your Nashville Home Away From Home
From luxurious amenities to laid-back comforts, this home is more than just a place to sleep—it’s a destination in itself. Whether you're hitting the honky-tonks, catching a show, or hosting rooftop cocktails, this space is ready for whatever your adventure holds.

Welcome to your Nashville escape—we can't wait for you to experience it.

Guest access
We have a keyless entry system.  You will get a code a few days prior to your arrival that will start working at your check in time and stop at your check out time. We have a free parking lot area along with free street parking available.

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4542 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting