URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1766079959040244172
Latitude: 36.16189267082321
Longitude: -86.77658227540158
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Encore by AvantStay! Perched on the third floor of the historic Saddlery building — elevator included — this two-bedroom crash pad drops you two minutes from the neon of Lower Broadway: close enough to hear the music, far enough to sleep it off and go again tomorrow.

🎸 Steps to Broadway, the Ryman, Printers Alley & Bridgestone Arena
🛏️ Two king bedrooms + sleeper sofa, with a full bath & half bath
🍕 Island kitchen seating 5, stainless appliances, smart TV & work desk

The space
Nashville doesn't do subtle, and neither does this address. Two minutes from the neon glow of Broadway, this two-bedroom crash pad puts you close enough to hear the steel guitars from your window and just far enough to actually get some sleep before doing it all again tomorrow.

Set on the third floor of the historic Saddlery building — elevator included, no stairs required after a long night out — Encore is built for groups who came to Nashville to move fast and stay out late. The open-concept layout keeps everyone in the mix: plush seating made for regrouping between shows, a smart TV for the lulls, and a sleeper sofa for whoever swears they're only staying one more night. The kitchen island seats five on barstools, which is exactly where the best stories of the trip tend to get retold, backed by stainless steel appliances, a four-burner stove, and enough counter space for 2 a.m. pizza or day-two brunch.

Both bedrooms come with king beds — one with its own desk for the person who insists they're just checking email — plus a full bath and a half bath so mornings don't turn into a standoff.

Step outside and the city does the rest. The honky-tonks of Lower Broadway are a two-minute walk, the Ryman Auditorium — the Mother Church of Country Music — is barely four, and historic Printers Alley and its late-night music rooms are just around the corner. Bridgestone Arena sits close enough to catch a Predators game or an arena show without touching a rideshare app, and the Johnny Cash Museum is a three-minute stroll for a dose of music history between rounds of live sets.

Downtown Nashville runs loud, and that's the point — expect some street energy and music drifting up at night, because you booked a front-row seat to the action, not a quiet corner of it. Encore is where the trip starts, and where it always ends up again before the night's over.

AvantStay provides an upscale experience with services that elevate your stay and save time so you can enjoy every moment. Guests have access to a 24/7 support team and a tech-enabled concierge to book services, such as fridge stocking, mid-stay cleanings, and private chefs. For anything you need (or never knew you needed), we're at your service!

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, ""Nashvegas"" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- The unit is on the 3rd floor, but there's an elevator on-site — no stair climbing required.
- This is downtown Nashville, so guests should expect noise from nearby restaurants, bars, sirens, and occasional construction. Worth setting expectations upfront rather than letting it be a surprise review.
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- The building offers both stair and elevator access to all Saddlery units.
- Please note that individual units may vary slightly in design, location, and views. Photos are representative and may not reflect the exact unit booked.
- There's no washer or dryer in the unit, but a laundromat is located nearby for anyone who needs to freshen up a few things during a longer stay.

Parking Details:
- No dedicated on-site parking — guests rely on paid nearby lots or paid street parking.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

Registration Details
2020053959

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6914 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting