URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1776768234414503335
Latitude: 36.1517
Longitude: -86.7785
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience luxury in the HYVE building. City View condo in an unbeatable location - walk to Downtown Broadway or the Gulch for endless food & shopping. This building has a pool, fire pit, lounge chairs, gym & common areas to work from. Parking available in a garage. Enjoy your morning coffee on our private balcony with comfortable seating & a dining table. Only 0.5 mi to Broadway & 0.6 mi to the Gulch! Fully equipped kitchen & a washer/dryer. Near incredible bars, live music venues & shopping.

The space
★ Walk to Downtown Nashville Broadway Bars
★ City View
★ 2 King Beds, 1 Queen Bed, 2 Twin-over-Full Bunk Beds
★ 3 Full Bathrooms, 1 Half Bathroom
★ Private balcony with outdoor seating and a dining table 
★ Pool with lounge chairs, cabanas, and a fire pit
★ State-of-the-art fitness center with Peloton equipment
★ Common space in the building to work or lounge at
★ Highly Secure building with key code entry
★ Free Luggage storage available at the building from 10a - 4pm Thursday through Sunday
★ Free parking in the attached garage. Please note this is on a first come, first serve basis. 
★ Smart TVs in the living room and 2 bedrooms 
★ High-speed wifi
★ Washer/Dryer in the condo
★ Dining Table + Kitchen island with seating
★ Fully equipped kitchen for all of your cooking needs
★ Coffee maker + coffee
★ Hassle-free check-in with no keys, just codes
★ Elevator in the building
★ One level condo
★ Walking distance to the Gulch, Music City Hall of Fame, Downtown Broadway Bars
★ Hair dryers, shampoo, conditioner and body wash provided
★ Plenty of closet storage space for your clothes & other items
★ Central AC + Heat
★ Sound machine in the bedrooms
★ Full length mirrors
★ Books for your enjoyment

BEDS:
Bedroom 1: King Bed w/ Smart TV and ensuite bathroom
Bedroom 2: King bed w/ Smart TV and ensuite bathroom
Bedroom 3: Queen Bed 
Bedroom 4: Two Twin-over-Full Bunk Beds 

BATHROOMS:
Bathroom 1: Full size with shower/tub combo, connected to bedroom 1
Bathroom 2:  Full size with shower/tub combo, connected to bedroom 2
Bathroom 3: Full size with standing shower and double vanity, jack and jill between bedrooms 3 + 4
Bathroom 4: Half bathroom off of entrance hallway

This luxury condo is impossible to beat - four spacious bedrooms, private balcony, pool, gym, walking distance to downtown, and all the high-end furnishings/supplies you could need for the ultimate stress-free stay. This secure building is located in the heart of Nashville's rich musical history and endlessly expanding food & entertainment options. Steps from Downtown and the Gulch - just 0.5 mile walk to the Country Music Hall of Fame, Broadway's endless restaurants, and honky tonks with live artists every night. Catch a show at Bridgestone Arena, or the famous Ryman Auditorium, both of which are a short 15 min walk! Located across the street from Jack White's record store and music venue, Third Man Records. You simply cannot beat this luxury accommodation or this location.

Walk To (alphabetical order):

★ Ascend Amphitheater
★ Bridgestone Arena (Predators)
★ City Winery Nashville
★ Country Music Hall of Fame
★ Fifth & Broadway food hall and shopping
★ Frist Art Museum
★ Germantown
★ Hard Rock
★ Honky Tonks
★ Listening Room Songwriter Cafe
★ Music City Center (Convention Center)
★ Shopping in the Gulch neighborhood's local boutiques like e.Allen and Rustler Hat Co.
★ Restaurants such as Biscuit Love, Husk, Martin's BBQ, Oak Steakhouse, Peg Leg Porker BBQ, Superica, Two Hands, Wildhorse Saloon and numerous others!
★ Ryman Auditorium
★ Schermerhorn Symphony
★Titans Stadium
★ Third Man Records
★ Yeehaw Brewing Co.

At SkyShare Management, hospitality is what we do best. With 15+ years of property management experience, we combine professionalism with a personal touch to make every stay effortless and enjoyable. Our team provides local recommendations to help you discover the best spots and hidden gems the city has to offer. Please reach out to us through messaging with any questions you may have!

STR Permit #2023051141

Guest access
You will have the entire condo to yourself.

Other things to note
Free parking in the attached garage. Please note this is on a first come, first serve basis. It is not guaranteed. 

Nashville is growing quickly! There may be some construction around the area. We are located near an active train, which you will be able to hear. We provide sound machines in the bedrooms. 

We are located in the heart of the city, our area offers easy access to everything Nashville has to offer. Like many urban neighborhoods, you’ll see a diverse mix of people (including homeless people) and activity.

Early check in times selected through the app are not applicable. If you would like early check in, you must message us.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amy
Host User ID: 416033925
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/416033925
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I am an experienced Airbnb host. I have been renting out homes through Airbnb for over 15 years. My team and I are excited to host you and make this a memorable trip. If there's anything we can do to make your stay more enjoyable, please don't hesitate to reach out!
Fun fact: I love to travel and meet new people!
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
11394 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting