URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1157577319400664311
Latitude: 36.19676
Longitude: -86.77784
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 11
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Nashvilleurbanretreats presents a unicorn property including a private rooftop heated plunge pool with an epic view of Nashville's skyline. Immerse yourself in this fun, electric jungle retreat.  This 4-bedroom, 3 Full and 2 half bath home has an unmatched rooftop experience with Elevator to all levels. The spacious, light-filled living area and modern kitchen are ideal for groups or families. Located in East Nashville, for a quick trip downtown. Large groups can book sister property as combo

The space
*The Pools are not shared and only for use by your group*
Rooftop Pools with a total of 2000 sq ft of curated design for a unique Nashville experience. Enjoy the rooftop plunge pool, with a *new* upgraded heater to get to 100 degrees year around. Rooftop has a half bath and beverage fridge so that your group can keep the fun going outside.  Easy access to all 4 floors with an elevator. Conveniently located close to main Nashville roads for quick access from the airport and into downtown.  
*Attached townhome, Let's Flamingle!, next door is also available to be booked as a combo if you need space for more than 11 people.**
We are local owners, not a huge property management company.  We care about your experience and the quality of the experience of your stay.
Brand new construction Nashville Townhome! This gorgeous home is a brand new construction and newly furnished by a local designer and is professionally decorated with every detail in mind!
JAW DROPPING rooftop with amazing DOWNTOWN Nashville City Views! PLUNGE POOL!  Chef's Kitchens, 4 Bedrooms 3 Full Bathrooms and 2 Half Baths, Dining Room. Garage Parking. Great for large groups, bachelorette/ bachelor trips, families & anyone looking for a unique stay. Located in East Nashville, you and your group will love the entertainment spaces provided within the homes as well as the endless local spots just a short drive away.

Swanky Jungle Oasis
Immerse yourself in this fun, electric jungle inspired retreat.  This 4-bedroom, 3 Full and 2 half bathroom home has an unmatched rooftop experience. The spacious, light-filled living area and modern kitchen are ideal for groups or families. Located in East Nashville, you're minutes from downtown's music scene and local hotspots. Working from the rooftop down on the elevator.
Rooftop:  Private Heated Plunge Pool, can be heated to 90 degrees in colder months for year round use.  Excellent sun exposure and outdoor seating/ lounge chairs for your stay.  Rooftop has a half bath and a beverage fridge that can be pre stocked upon request (fee applies)
Pool is serviced on Thursdays mornings. Technicians will take the elevator on the garage level all the way to the rooftop and will not be in the house.
Level 3:  3 Bedrooms on this level.  Bedroom 1 is a suite and it has 2 side by side Queen beds with an attached bathroom.   Bedroom 2 has a King bed.  Bedroom 3 has a Queen Bed. Bedrooms 2 and 3 share a full bathroom.
Level 2 Main Level
Living Room -Main Level
★ 65" LG smart TV with YouTube TV for an ultra digital experience
★ Dining room with seating for 6
★ Plenty of seating for the whole crew to hang out. 
★ Open living space

Kitchen - Main Level

★ Matching modern stainless steel appliances
★ Coffee maker & complimentary coffee
★ Dishes, cookware, silverware
★ Equipped enough for an experienced chef
★ Large dining table w/ seating for 6
★ Bar stool seating for 4 for morning coffee or gossip
★ Connected half bathroom with funky theme and neon

Level 1 Ground Level
Bedroom Suite with Queen bed with a Trundle, Attached full bathroom.  Dedicated Workspace
Parking for 1 Full Size Car. EV Charger with free charging provided

KITCHEN & DINING
The home features a gorgeous kitchen and two wide-open living rooms. For those who love to cook, this is a fully equipped kitchen.

BATHROOMS
You'll also find hairdryers in each bathroom along with plenty of spa-quality shampoos, conditioners, and body wash.

BEDROOMS
Enjoy the cool comfort and support of our hybrid mattresses and super soft  linens. Blackout curtains and white noise machines for a peaceful night. 

BOARD GAMES
You'll find board and card games scattered throughout the home if you decide to stay in and enjoy the house.
Rooftop also offers some lawn game options.

Guest access
You will have access to the entire home. We will send you the access code via email with the entry instructions. The host is available if you have any questions or inquiries. Thanks!
Other things to note
7 minute drive to Nissan Stadium (2.4 miles)
9 minute drive to Broadway/Bridgestone (5.8 miles)
12 minute drive to Music Row (6.0 miles)
14 minute drive to 12 South (6.9 miles)
13 minute drive to Sylvan Park (8.1 miles)
16 minute drive to Grand Ole Opry (11.2 miles)
18 minute drive to the Airport (BNA) (10.3 miles)

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire property

Other things to note
Waivers for the pool and elevator will be sent and need to be signed within 24 hours of the reservation request.

Security Cameras Cover All External Areas, including the pools for Insurance Liability Purposes

This is a newly developed area, and there may be noise from nearby construction. 

Because of the proximity to main roads and proximity to the city center, you will hear "city noise"
All bedrooms are equipped with sound machines.

7 minute drive to Nissan Stadium (2.4 miles)
9 minute drive to Broadway/Bridgestone (5.8 miles)
12 minute drive to Music Row (6.0 miles)
14 minute drive to 12 South (6.9 miles)
13 minute drive to Sylvan Park (8.1 miles)
16 minute drive to Grand Ole Opry (11.2 miles)
18 minute drive to the Airport (BNA) (10.3 miles)

Registration Details
2024042060

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Bruna
Host User ID: 692234
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/692234
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My husband and I love to travel and we fell in love with Nashville, where we met 20 years ago. We are very excited to host you in our "Nashville Urban Retreats" homes!
Born in the 80s
Speaks French, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
165 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting