URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1720468165196405576
Latitude: 36.13682
Longitude: -86.80308
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 0
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Belcourt by AvantStay! Settle into the heart of Hillsboro Village, where tree-lined streets, local cafés, and Nashville's creative energy are all just outside your door.

🥞 Steps from Pancake Pantry, Biscuit Love & village boutiques
🎶 Minutes to Vanderbilt, Music Row & downtown's live music
🌇 Shared outdoor terrace + select private balconies

The space
Hillsboro Village runs on its own rhythm — a walkable pocket of Nashville where students, songwriters, and longtime locals share the same coffee counters and shaded sidewalks. Belcourt sits right in the thick of it, taking its name from the avenue and the beloved century-old theater just up the block, and it makes an easy, characterful base for anyone who wants to be in the middle of the city without downtown noise at the doorstep.

The neighborhood does a lot of the work for you. Pancake Pantry, a Nashville institution, is a short stroll away for the kind of breakfast worth waiting in line for, and Biscuit Love handles the brunch shift a couple of blocks over. Spend a morning drifting between the boutiques, record shops, and cafés that line the village, then walk over to tour Belmont Mansion or wander the leafy paths of Vanderbilt's campus. Music Row and Belmont University are just minutes out, and when you're ready for honky-tonks and live music, Broadway and downtown are under a 15-minute drive.

Inside, the residences are built for easy living. Bright rooms are warmed by wood accents and curated art, striking a balance between polished and genuinely relaxed. Each kitchen comes fully equipped for everything from a quick snack to a full dinner in, and the living areas invite you to stretch out, stream something, or gather everyone after a long day of exploring.

Every residence includes in-unit laundry along with air conditioning and heating, so longer stays feel effortless. Select units open onto private balconies — a quiet corner for morning coffee or an evening wind-down. Guests also share the building's outdoor terrace, an easy place to settle into comfortable seating and take in the Nashville evening, with elevator access keeping every arrival and departure simple.

Come for the music, a campus visit, a weekend away, or a stretch of remote work — Belcourt keeps Hillsboro Village's best mornings, easy walks, and local character right outside the door.

While all units provide the same great amenities and overall experience, each space has its own unique layout and décor. Some units include balconies while others do not, and the exact unit you receive may vary slightly from the photos.

There's a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- This unit has a private balcony.

Parking Details:

• Parking is available for a flat $14/day with in/out privileges when you register your vehicle on your check-in day before arriving at the garage.
• Park only in the gated section of the garage. Enter via the ramp on Belcourt Avenue directly across from the Belcourt Theatre at 2111 Belcourt Ave, between Blo and Anzie Blue. Do not enter or park in the garage section accessed from the back alley. Your parking registration is not valid there, and you may receive a ticket.

Registration Details
2024030532

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting