URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/26488177
Latitude: 36.1628
Longitude: -86.7838
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Not only is this fantastic condo a perfect place to call “home base“ during your stay in Nashville, but it is also THOROUGHLY-CLEANED, SANITIZED, and is a SPECTACULAR SPACE for stay cations, a work-from-home alternative, or for small families.

Eclectic patterns and thoughtful decor items adorn each space in this modern home to create a fun and stylish atmosphere. Lounge on the plush furniture in the morning before heading out to explore the city right from the doorstep.

The space
We’re proud Airbnb Super Hosts and feel incredibly grateful to have earned over 4,000 5-star reviews across our 9 beautiful Nashville condos! If you’re traveling with a group, you’ll be happy to know we have 2 condos in this building, making it easy to stay close while enjoying your own space. We’d love the opportunity to host you!

Located in a gorgeous, historic brick building, our fantastic newly renovated condo is right in the heart of downtown Nashville. We have created a space that is a blend of comfy, cozy, historic, and artistic. 

This fully and newly renovated space is the perfect get-away space. Its peaceful, creative, and clean. We are just a few blocks away from some of the best of what Nashville has to offer including:

The Country Music Hall of Fame
The Ryman Auditorium 
Nissan Stadium (home of the TN Titans)
Bridgestone Arena (home of the Nashville Preds)
The Nashville Music City Center 
The Frist Museum 
The TN Performing Arts Center 
TheTN State Capitol building
ALL of the famous honky tonks 
ALL of the downtown restaurants, art galleries, and other attractions. 

Take a quick Lyft or Uber ride (or hop on a city bike) to the 12th South, Germantown, or East Nashville Neighborhoods.

Being in the heart of the city, the home is central to many of Nashville's excellent locations. Walk through the Country Music Hall of Fame or catch a game at the Nissan Stadium. The rest of Nashville is just a short ride or bike away.

Our condo is a few blocks away from everything downtown!

Nashville is very easy to get around...though mass transit isn't exactly our 'thing', yet! Lyft and Uber is everywhere and you can easily rent bikes at one of the many bike rental stations scattered around town. We are close to everything!

Guest access
Wi-Fi. 
Full Kitchen
Full Bath 
Washer and Dryer (in the building) 
All home amenities including (iron, hairdryer, etc)

Other things to note
KEYLESS ENTRY: Our guests have keyless entry and are provided with their own unique code.  At the front door, simply enter your unique code on our key-less lock. In the unlikely event that you can't access the condo, please call and we will assist you. Come and go as you please!

CHECKIN AND CHECKOUT: 
Check-in is at 3:00pm 
Check-out is 11:00am.

We ask that our guests respect our non-smoking rule (there is plenty of room outside for smoking) and do not allow pets.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Zac
Host User ID: 133757060
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/133757060
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi !
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
4708 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting