URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1613255258307402402
Latitude: 36.17718974749902
Longitude: -86.80521300178474
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Elegant, pet-friendly Nashville suite with private rooftop deck & partial skyline views. Features a dedicated workspace, fully equipped kitchen, and sleeps 6. Located 7 mins from Broadway, Germantown & Nissan Stadium. Includes free EV-ready parking. Perfect for groups seeking modern comfort in Music City.

The space
Welcome to your stylish, two-story Nashville retreat, designed for modern comfort and privacy. This distinctive blue exterior home offers a bright and airy atmosphere with clean lines and contemporary decor.

   Outdoor Features:
       Stunning, sun-drenched private rooftop deck with partial skyline views, perfect for morning coffee or evening wine.
       Cozy, covered balcony off the main living space, featuring an inviting egg chair for quiet moments.
   Living & Work Areas:
       Spacious living area with Smart TV for streaming.
       Dedicated workstation with an extra screen, high-speed Wi-Fi, and a walk pad, ideal for remote work.
   Kitchen:
       Fully equipped kitchen ready for all your culinary needs.
   Sleeping Arrangements:
       Two comfortable queen beds.
       One full-size bed.
       Comfortably accommodates groups.
   Unique Feature:
       Pet-friendly suite.

Guest access
Guests will enjoy complete and private access to the entire suite, ensuring a secluded and comfortable stay.

   Private Areas:
       All living areas, bedrooms, and bathrooms.
       Private rooftop deck.
       Covered balcony.
   Convenience:
       Seamless keyless entry for easy check-in.
       Free on-site parking included.
       EV charger available for electric vehicles.
Private Entrance:
Your suite has its own dedicated exterior entrance. You never walk through a shared hallway or common area to reach your door.

Other things to note
Please keep the following additional details in mind for your stay:

   This suite is located within a modern multi-unit building, offering a private and secure experience.
   While you'll enjoy the privacy of your own suite, please be aware that you may experience some ambient noise typical of a residential building.
Detailed check-in instructions, including your unique access code for keyless entry, will be provided on the day of your arrival for a smooth and easy start to your stay.

Safety & Security:
Your suite has a keyless smart lock with a code unique to your stay. Exterior security cameras cover the property, and parking is off-street on our own pad rather than on the street. Like any neighborhood this close to downtown, we ask that you not leave valuables visible in a parked car. We are reachable by message at any hour and typically reply within the hour, so please tell us right away if anything feels off.

The Neighborhood:
You are in a residential part of North Nashville, about 1.5 miles from Broadway. The block is a mix of new builds and long-standing homes, and it is quiet at night. Germantown's restaurants and the Farmers Market are roughly 6 minutes away, with Nissan Stadium and Broadway 7 to 10 minutes by car.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tasha
Host User ID: 65937868
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/65937868
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm Tasha! I'm 27,  I've been in the Nashville area for about 17 years, and I love it here! I've traveled A LOT both domestic and international and Nashville is still in my top 3 favorite US cities. I'm in Real Estate! I love working out everyday. I have a sweet little Chihoodle dog, named Charlie. He's 2! My passions are travel, fitness, real estate, and psychology!
Where I went to school: MTSU
My work: Real Estate
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
263 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting