URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/31101139
Latitude: 36.24241
Longitude: -86.70535
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Awesome home on the Cumberland River!  Private, with saltwater pool, hit tub, and outdoor fireplace. Just minutes to  Downtown, near the Grand ole Opry.

The space
We are proud to say this property is thoroughly cleaned and disinfected after each stay according to the protocols set forth by the CDC. 

This spot was both thoughtfully and functionally designed. 

✔ High-Speed Wi-Fi
✔ Air Conditioning
✔ Heating
✔ Free Parking

WE DO NOT HOST LOCAL GUESTS 

The Cumberland River House (Permit # CASR-201528745) is tucked into a quiet waterfront street that is steeped in history, with several famous old-school Opry Stars living nearby. We are on a private peninsula formed by the mighty Cumberland River in the front, and a 5-acre pond behind. It's quiet and safe here. There is very little car traffic so it's great for walking. We see deer, geese, and turkey regularly, and enjoy fishing in the Cumberland and from the dock on the TVA-managed pond out back.  It's a special neighborhood with friendly folks. Yet, it’s just minutes from the famous Gaylord Opryland Hotel, Opry Mills Mall, and THE GRAND OLE OPRY.  Within 4 miles there are over 2 dozen Restaurants & Nashville’s biggest Water Park.  Downtown is only 12- 15 minutes away, much closer than 95% of the waterfront streets in the greater Nashville Area. Two great golf courses are within 4 miles, and taxi services, Uber and Lyft are readily available. 

This home features a saltwater swimming pool (May-Sept), a hot tub with a high privacy fence, large screen TV, and a huge great room with a pool table and a fun Canopy Bed for lounging or sleeping large groups. There's a large deck upstairs with views of the Cumberland River,  and a large deck in the back around the pool and hot tub area. There's an outdoor fireplace on a covered patio just off the side of the Florida room that's perfect for entertaining or relaxing.  If you like to cook, you’ll find a well-equipped kitchen, with all the pots, pans, and small appliances of a home. Outside by the covered fireplace, there’s a gas grill with a side burner where you fishermen can fry up the day’s catch. (Fishing gear for 3 supplied)
Fresh,  linens are provided on each bed. White cotton towels are also provided. And big beach towels are within reach if you decide to hop in the hot tub or pool.

Each morning you’ll enjoy your breakfast ( check out the waffle maker) and complimentary coffee in the glass & cedar Florida Room, or take a walk down the quiet lane and listen to the birds and the river. 

In the evening…  head to the downstairs master bedroom for a genuine Tempurpedic king-sized bed, and an ensuite bath with a garden tub, and walk-in shower. Not to be outdone, the second bedroom upstairs offers a brand new king-sized Simmons Superpillowtop bed and a tub/shower and vanity. The third upstairs bedroom shares this bath, and has a queen bed, and there’s also a V Cool queen-size Canopy bed. And a smaller BR room also has a queen bed.  So that’s room for 10 Guests at 2 per bed  (We can handle 12 max in a pinch, but it's going to be crowded) We do also have a twin roll-out bed and 2 super comfy inflatable beds which can be used in any of the bedrooms. 

Other amenities include a Washer and dryer, Cable TV with HBO, Blu-Ray player and Disc library, books, board games, and High-speed WiFi, with Apple Airplay for streaming your tunes to the stereo system.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Greg
Host User ID: 34410548
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/34410548
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I own a company here in Nashville that produces multimedia and interactive entertainment.  In addition,  we have been managing our own Vacation Rental properties since 2014.  We have a great support team assembled that makes the whole process run like a well oiled machine.  We look forward to hosting you soon in Music City!  GP
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
8 years hosting
674 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting