URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1253482342755045480
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Steps from Broadway, the Ryman & Bridgestone Arena in the heart of SoBro. FREE PARKING. This 1BR sleeps 4 with a private balcony and year-round heated pool:

🏙️ Skyline views from your private balcony
🎵 Walk to Broadway, Ryman & Bridgestone Arena
🏊 Year-round heated pool
🛏️ King bed + sleeper sofa, sleeps 4
🍳 Full kitchen & high-speed Wi-Fi
✨ Perfect for couples, bachelorettes & girls' trips

The space
YOUR NASHVILLE HOME BASE—STEPS FROM BROADWAY, RYMAN & BRIDGESTONE, FREE PARKING

Walk out your door and you're in the heart of SoBro. This 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom apartment puts you minutes from live music, honky-tonks, and downtown energy—yet quiet enough for real sleep. Private balcony with skyline views, a heated rooftop pool, and a fully equipped kitchen that guests love. Sleeps 4 (queen bed + sleeper sofa). Beau is a Superhost with a 4.96 rating across 90-plus stays, responsive and communicative before, during, and after your stay.

THE SPACE (1 BEDROOM • 1 BATHROOM)

Your private retreat includes a queen bed with hotel-quality linens and room-darkening shades—guests consistently praise it as one of the best beds they've slept on in an Airbnb. The open-plan living area features a comfortable sofa (not registered as a bed), board games, and a smart TV for streaming or catching up on work. An in-unit washer and dryer means you can pack light. Central air-conditioning and heating keep you comfortable year-round, and self-check-in via smart lock makes arrival seamless.

Building access is digital-only via the Latch app—your key to all doors and elevators. Download it before you arrive and share your digital key with anyone in your party. Beau includes step-by-step guidance in your check-in materials to make navigation smooth. As one guest advised, "Make sure everyone in your party downloads the Latch app."

BATHROOM

Sparkling bathroom with bathtub and walk-in shower, plush towels, and essentials. An iron and drying rack for clothing help you stay fresh throughout your stay. A walk-in closet provides ample storage and organization.

KITCHEN & DINING

The fully equipped kitchen is one of guests' favorite discoveries. Stainless steel appliances, drip coffee maker, Keurig, full cookware set, wine glasses, dishes, silverware, baking sheet, blender, toaster, and cooking basics are all ready for you. Many guests rave about making their own breakfasts and enjoying the "home away from home" feel. Cook, entertain, or simply enjoy your morning coffee—everything you need is here.

BUILDING PERKS & COMMON AREAS

Year-round heated rooftop pool with sun loungers and skyline sightlines—perfect for sunrise coffee or sunset cocktails.

24-hour fitness center with cardio and weight equipment. Many guests take advantage of this during their stay.

Outdoor dining areas, BBQ grills, and fire pit for group hangouts and entertaining.

Secure, gated parking garage included, guests specifically note it feels safe coming and going.

Private entrance and elevators add to security and convenience.

WALKABLE SOBRO LOCATION

This is where the listing truly shines. Everything guests come to Nashville for is on foot:

8-minute walk to Broadway's live music venues and honky-tonks.

2 minutes to Ryman Auditorium—one of country music's most iconic venues.

2 minutes to Bridgestone Arena for major concerts and sporting events.

Steps from the Country Music Hall of Fame.

Cafés, craft breweries, and rooftop bars within blocks.

The genius of this location: you're close to all the action but far enough away that you can sleep soundly without street noise. Guests consistently highlight this balance as a key reason they rebook. One guest shared, "The location is proximate to the fun of downtown, without catching all the noise." Another noted, "It's within walking distance to Broadway, without being on Broadway."

NEIGHBORHOOD VIBE

Walk out your door and you're in SoBro—the epicenter of Nashville's downtown energy. The entire neighborhood is designed for walking. Coffee shops, restaurants, and bars are everywhere. Whether you're here for a convention, girls' trip, bachelorette party, or just want to experience live music and local culture, everything is walkable. As one guest put it, "We walked everywhere for our four night stay."

WHY GUESTS LOVE THIS PLACE

✓ Excellent location—walkable to Broadway and downtown venues (this appears in nearly every positive review)

✓ Beau's responsiveness and communication—he answers questions quickly and proactively addresses issues to ensure your stay is excellent

✓ Clean, well-maintained interior with thoughtful touches—games, quality linens, fully stocked kitchen

✓ Comfortable bed—consistently called "one of the best beds we've slept on in an Airbnb"

✓ Private balcony for morning coffee and evening wind-downs

✓ Secure building with gated parking and private entrance

✓ Pool and gym access without leaving the building

✓ Downtown energy with quiet nights—close to action but far enough away for solid sleep

✓ Full kitchen with everything you need to cook, making it feel like a true home away from home

✓ Bag concierge service available for luggage storage—perfect if your flight arrives early or departs late

AMENITIES AT A GLANCE

In-unit: Dryer, washer, dishwasher, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, oven, stove, hot water kettle, coffee maker (drip and Keurig), Bluetooth sound system, ethernet connection, tv, exercise equipment, climbing wall, books and reading material.

Bathroom: Bathtub, shower, iron, drying rack for clothing, walk-in closet, hangers, bed linens, extra pillows and blankets, room-darkening shades, essentials, hair dryer, shampoo, conditioner, body soap, shower gel, hot water.

Building: Paid parking garage, elevator, gym, pool, fire pit, BBQ grill, outdoor furniture, outdoor dining area, sun loungers, smart lock for self check-in, private entrance, exterior security cameras, smoke alarm, carbon monoxide alarm, first aid kit, wifi.

BEFORE YOU BOOK—THINGS TO KNOW

Licensed short-term rental (STR2018073477). Professional cleaning between every stay. 24/7 guest support via the Airbnb app. Download the Door app before arrival—all building doors and elevators are accessed digitally. The app controls all doors and elevators in the building, so make sure everyone in your party downloads it first.

PERFECT FOR

Couples looking for a romantic getaway with privacy and walkable nightlife. Bachelorette and girls' trip groups (sleeps 4). Convention attendees and business travelers wanting downtown access without a hotel feel. Music fans who want to be steps from live venues. Anyone seeking a home-away-from-home with real amenities and a responsive host.

BOOK YOUR NASHVILLE GETAWAY

If you want downtown energy with the comfort of your own apartment—and a host who goes the extra mile—this is your place. Beau's waiting to welcome you.

Other things to note
STR2018073477

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Beau
Host User ID: 1595731
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1595731
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Beau — lover of good design, great vibes, and five-star stays. I run Golden Hour Hospitality and obsess over the little things so you don’t have to. From curated interiors to thoughtful extras, every detail is here to make your trip effortless and memorable. Come for the comfort, stay for the good energy. Let’s make it your best stay yet.
Born in the 80s
My work: Property Management
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
216 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting