URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1263346793783071636
Latitude: 36.232
Longitude: -86.7246
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the vibrant essence of Music City in this stunning luxury condo Crazy Town, just 13 minutes from Downtown Broadway in the beautiful neighborhood of East Nashville. With its custom mural, stylish decor, three inviting bedrooms, fully equipped kitchen, desk area, patio, and shared rooftop, every detail is designed for your comfort. Perfect for groups!

The space
For a vacation that feels like home, this stunning Nashville condo is your perfect getaway. Designed for comfort and convenience, this spacious, modern retreat offers everything you need for a memorable stay in Music City.  Whether you're visiting with your family, a group celebrating bachelor or bachelorette parties, or traveling for work, Crazy Town is the perfect home base.

Layout:  
This contemporary home features an open-concept floor plan with a fully equipped kitchen, a dining area, and a cozy living room complete with a full sleeper sofa. The space is ideal for families, groups, or friends traveling together, with three beautifully furnished bedrooms and three bathrooms:  
- Bedroom and Bathroom One: King bed with an en-suite bathroom featuring a luxurious walk-in shower.  
- Bedroom and Bathroom Two: Queen bed and a bathroom with a shower/tub combo.  
- Bedroom and Bathroom Three: Full-over-full bunk bed with a twin trundle and a bathroom with a walk-in shower.  
- Living Room: Sleeper sofa

The kitchen comes with high-end appliances and a stocked Keurig coffee bar and all you'd need to make a home cooked meal (sans cooking oil), and there's a washer and dryer available for added convenience. There's also a shared building rooftop area with ample outdoor seating available. 

Parking:  
There is one assigned parking space available in the lot for this unit. In addition, there are four first come, first served parking spaces located next to the building on the street. 

Prime location:  
Located in vibrant East Nashville, you're just a short trip to some of the city's most popular attractions.  
East Nashville Hotspots (1–3 miles): Trendy restaurants, coffee shops, boutiques, bars, and live music venues
Shelby Bottoms Greenway (8.5 miles): Scenic trails for walking, biking, and nature views
Nissan Stadium (7 miles): Home of the Tennessee Titans, plus major concerts and events
Grand Ole Opry (3.8 miles): Legendary live performances
Opry Mills Mall (3.8 miles): Shopping, dining, and entertainment
Nashville Zoo (14 miles): Fun for all ages
Riverfront Park (7.4 miles): Relax along the Cumberland River
The Parthenon (10 miles): Iconic replica with an art museum
Country Music Hall of Fame (6.5 miles): Dive into Music City history
Lower Broadway & Honky Tonks (6.5 miles): Live music, nightlife, and iconic Nashville energy
Ryman Auditorium (7 miles): Historic music venue with world-class acoustics

Explore Nashville:  
Nashville is bursting with life and culture. From legendary honky-tonks on Broadway to the best hot chicken and BBQ in the South, this city has something for everyone. Catch live music at Ascend Amphitheater, browse artisan shops in East Nashville, or enjoy the energy of the bustling downtown scene. Whether you're here for the music, the food, or the history, Nashville promises an unforgettable experience.

Book your stay now and enjoy all that Nashville has to offer from the comfort of this incredible home! Planning a larger getaway? This lovely property can be booked alongside its connected unit to sleep up to 16 guests across 6 bedrooms—ideal for families, bachelor and bachelorette groups, or business travelers looking for convenience and comfort. Send a message and we’ll direct you to that listing.

Book your stay now and enjoy all that Nashville has to offer from the comfort of this incredible home!

Presented by Injoy Nashville: Experience Your Stay, Design by NP/Injoy

Guest access
Smart Lock

Registration Details
2023050527

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: InJoy Vacations
Host User ID: 425884247
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/425884247
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
InJoy Vacations proudly offers a selection of high-quality condo rentals in Panama City Beach, FL & Nashville, TN. We are a locally owned and operated business, and we love to share our community with owners and guests. Our goal is to provide exceptional vacation experiences to visitors, and we’ve perfected our craft. Many of our guests choose to return year after year.
My work: InJoy Vacations
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
4503 reviews
4.73 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting