URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/22208797
Latitude: 36.2536
Longitude: -86.7332
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
★Welcome to The Graycroft★
Don't pass up this one-of-a-kind 4 bedroom/3.5 bath home that is the ultimate place to stay while you're in Nashville. Decorated with unique touches of Nashville from the homeowner's 35 year career as a studio/touring musician, this stunner includes a beautiful main level on top of the best lower levels we've ever seen!

The space
★Highlights★
Enjoy the pool table, small stage complete with karaoke and instruments, and even a huge wet bar! We have supplied a checkers table, tic-tac-toe board, multiple board games, puzzles, books, coloring books, Dvd player, and plenty of movies. Did we mention that there are 7 Tvs in this home including one in each bedroom?! No fighting over the Tv here! With 3400 square feet and two common areas, your group will have plenty of room to spread out. There is also a beautiful fenced in backyard, covered porch, and deck to utilize in the warmer months. A side patio with a privacy fence, front deck, and a fire pit give you plenty of options to enjoy the outdoors. Bring some burgers to grill, too! 

★Layout★
This home has two levels - a main level and the incredible rustic lower level. On the main level are one of the two common areas which flow to the kitchen and formal dining area. The Smoky Mountains Room is nearby, which includes a king size bed and en suite bathroom with a stand-up shower. The two other bedrooms on this level, The Parthenon Room and The Ryman Room, each have a king size bed and will share access to a gorgeous full bathroom with tub/shower combo and double sinks. Downstairs is fun central with another common area, bar, and stage. Another king bed is in The Music Row Room down the hall and a there is a full size bed in the aptly named game area, The Hootenanny Room, which uses a curtain for privacy. A full bath with a large shower is on this level as well as a half bath, if needed.

★Parking★
There is plenty of off street parking around back - enough for up to 6 cars!

★The Neighborhood★
Here you'll only be 11 minutes from Downtown Nashville! Check out East Nashville and the Grand Ole Opry in even less time. 
 
★House Rules★
During your stay, we ask that you remember to be respectful of your neighbors. Quiet hours are from 10pm- 7am. For real, take the party to the Honky Tonks on Broadway. Additionally, thank you for respecting our 'no smoking' and 'no pets' policy so that we can keep our properties in the best condition possible. Pets include but are not limited to cats, zebras, livestock, and/or spouses. There are also no firearms permitted within the home or on the surrounding property. Should you choose to ignore this, there will be a $300 fine assessed for breaking either of these rules. We thank you for refraining and being respectful of our homes - please don't make us hunt you down for fines as it cuts into our nap time.

Guest access
You will have 100% private access to the entire home and yard during your stay!

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Security Disclaimer★
For your safety and the security of our properties, most of our rentals have a ring doorbell camera or an external camera located on the exterior of the home. No indoor cameras are present - your privacy is fully respected.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home.  Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home.  We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay.  In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee.  Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver.  It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay.  The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior.  Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!).  Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage.  The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines. 

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Fun fact: Been in multiple earthquakes together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23140 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting