URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1482045639079946668
Latitude: 36.1563
Longitude: -86.7738
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 12
beds: 24
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to SoBro Guest House (Units 1-12) by AvantStay! Twelve boutique suites come together as one buyout in the heart of SoBro, a few blocks off Broadway—styled with original Nashville art and built for staying close without crowding.

🎸 An easy 8-minute walk to Broadway, live music, and standout dining
🛋️ 12 boutique-style suites, sleeping 24 guests
🎨 Smart TVs, luxe linens, and curated local art in every suite
👥 Ideal for group trips with space to gather and privacy to unwind

The space
If you want a front-row seat to everything Nashville does best, SoBro Guest House puts your whole crew right in the middle of it. Set a few blocks south of Broadway in the heart of the SoBro neighborhood, these boutique-style suites keep world-famous live music, buzzed-about restaurants, and local shops within an easy walk. Broadway itself is only about an 8-minute walk—close enough to be in the middle of it all, far enough that you're not sleeping in the noise, and near enough that you won't need a Lyft to get home.

With 12 bedrooms and room for up to 24 guests, this is a rare setup for a big group that wants to stay together without living on top of each other. Each apartment-style suite comes with a full kitchen, a private bedroom, and a comfortable living area with a sleep sofa, so everyone gets their own corner to retreat to at the end of the day. When you're ready to slow down, you'll come back to a space that feels like home—just with better sheets.

We've filled each suite with thoughtful touches like luxe linens, smart TVs, indulgent bath products, and locally roasted coffee to make mornings easy, and every suite is finished with original work from Nashville muralist Nathan Brown—so you get a splash of local color without leaving the room. There's also a shared outdoor lounge where the whole group can regroup between outings.

Step outside and the neighborhood takes over. Bridgestone Arena is an easy walk for a concert or a Predators hockey game, Music City Center sits a short stroll away, and Ascend Amphitheater lines up shows along the water—the same grounds that fill with music each summer for CMA Festival. Nissan Stadium waits just across the Cumberland for NFL Sundays and stadium concerts. Closer to home, Martin's Bar-B-Que Joint is practically around the corner and The Listening Room Café draws crowds for intimate songwriter sets just down the street, with the shops of The Gulch a short walk away when you want them.

Bringing the whole crew? Book the full house and we'll help coordinate everything, so your group stays close while everyone still has room to spread out.

Please note: Each suite has its own unique layout, but every one is designed with the same elevated finishes and boutique flair you see in our photos. And because you're staying in a lively, growing part of the city, occasional urban sounds like traffic, sirens, or construction may be part of the experience. Inside, however, we've created a restful retreat where comfort and calm are always part of the playlist.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

SoBro, short for South of Broadway, is one of Nashville's most exciting and walkable neighborhoods. Just steps from Broadway's legendary honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, and the Country Music Hall of Fame, it's a place where music, food, and local culture collide. You'll find some of the city's best restaurants, rooftop bars, and coffee shops nestled alongside art galleries, boutique shopping, and vibrant street murals. With downtown and The Gulch just minutes away, SoBro is the perfect home base for exploring the very best of Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- There is no elevator onsite.
- The specific layout and decor within each suite may vary from what is shown in the images.
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note that the only shared space is the outdoor area.

Parking Details:
- The SoBro guest house parking lot operates on a paid nightly structure. Overnight parking is $35 per night. Short-term parking is $5 for up to 1 hour and $35 for 1–24 hours.
- Guests of AvantStay will receive a 25% discount during their stay. Use discount code GST25.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620307121

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting