Discover Nashville's Wooden Oasis — your wooded retreat tucked beneath a canopy of towering trees, just moments from the heart of downtown (12 min drive). Wake up with coffee on the deck, spend your days exploring the magic of Music City, and wind down in cozy, rustic comfort. With fall and winter upon us, now is the perfect time to experience the best of Nashville — nature, charm, and city energy all in one
Permit #2023065469

The space
This unique wooded haven offers a peaceful escape from the hustle and bustle, with a wooded backdrop that creates an idyllic, private, cabin-like atmosphere, all while being only a 12 minute (5 mile) drive to Broadway and Nashville's downtown attractions. Step inside, and you'll discover a beautifully decorated and well-appointed home that seamlessly blends modern comfort and rustic style.

The Location:

★ Located in a fantastic area of Nashville called White Bridge
★ Walk/short drive to restaurants, shopping, coffee, breweries, bakery + live music
★ 5 miles to Broadway bars and Honky-tonks (13 min drive)
★ 5 miles to Vanderbilt University (12 min drive)
★ 4 miles to Centennial Park (9 min drive)
★ 1 mile to West End Center (restaurants, bars, shopping, coffee, etc.)
★ 2 minute drive to Trader Joes, Costco, Target, Publix, and more
★ Free and Plentiful Parking on property

Explore the city's iconic attractions during the day and retreat to your peaceful haven at night.

**Please note, there are 3 total units on the property-it’s a triplex building. I live in one of them. Everyone keeps to themselves, but you may occasionally see us coming or going. Everything pictured and described is all yours to enjoy freely and privately.**

The House:

Outdoor Space: Our personal favorite, enjoy the tranquility of nature on your private deck, surrounded by trees. Complete with an outdoor 55" TV and a built in electric fireplace, sit back and relax in the dreamy patio furniture while watching your favorite show/game.  Enjoy meals and gatherings at the outdoor table with seating for 6, or take pictures in the egg chair!

Master Bedroom: A spacious, cozy retreat with a memory foam king-sized bed, providing a restful night's sleep. Bedroom has it's own ensuite full bathroom.

Bedroom 2: Perfect for friends or family, this room offers two comfortable memory foam twin-sized beds. There is a full bathroom in the hallway outside this bedroom.

Living Area: An inviting and rustic space with ample seating, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration or night out on the town.  Netflix, HBO, Hulu, and other apps are also available on the 75" living room TV, with login.  The couch does pull out, bringing the addition of a full memory foam mattress to sleep 2 additional guests.

Kitchen: Fully equipped for your culinary adventures, complete with modern appliances, all utensils and pots and pans you'll need, coffee maker, and a dining area.

The Location:
While you're just a stone's throw away from the lush woods, you're also conveniently located within a 12-minute drive to the heart of downtown Nashville, where Broadway's honky-tonks, live music, and vibrant nightlife await.

Guest access
Guests will receive automatic door lock code upon check-in.  Guests have access to bedrooms, bathrooms, newly renovated kitchen, back deck patio AND front porch patio, backyard and all living areas. Guests are provided FREE private driveway parking spots.

Other things to note
Thank you for respecting our no pets policy and quiet hours rules to respect the neighbors - I live in an adjacent connected unit, as does another tenant on the west side (triplex building).  You will have full exclusive access to the patios pictured, and everything in the listing, just note you may see us occasionally in the driveway coming or going.  Quiet hours are from 10PM-8AM.  Also, please note the driveway is fairly steep, please notify me if you have a trailer.