URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1255252686745599473
Latitude: 36.14448636899838
Longitude: -86.79316367837717
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Music City in this stylish top-floor 3-bedroom, 3-bath penthouse on Music Row, sleeping 8. The showstopper: your own 845 sq ft private balcony with sweeping skyline views. Inside, a top-notch kitchen and a dedicated workspace; in the building, a gym, club room, seasonal pool, and rooftop deck—plus free garage parking. Steps from Nashville’s legendary live-music venues and Vanderbilt. Kick back and let the rhythm of the city set the tone for your trip!

The space
Experience luxury living in this stunning top-floor penthouse on Music Row. With 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, and 5 beds, this spacious retreat comfortably accommodates your group while offering an elevated stay. Step out onto your expansive private balcony and take in breathtaking views of the city skyline.

Guests also enjoy access to a wealth of modern amenities in the building, including a fully equipped gym, a stylish club room with a pool table and kitchenette, seasonal outdoor pool and deck space perfect for enjoying view of the sunset and city skyline. Take advantage of the guest-only outdoor pool (seasonal) and the convenience of a free private parking garage.

Designed with both comfort and style in mind, this penthouse is the perfect home base for your Nashville adventure. Whether you’re here to explore Music Row or simply unwind in the heart of the city, this space has it all.

Guest access
Private apartment on the 5th floor plus access to the building's roof deck and club room, pool area and parking garage.

Secure 6 digit code for entire building and unit entry. 

EARLY CHECK-IN & LATE CHECK-OUT
We’re happy to offer early check-in or late check-out when our schedule allows. All requests are subject to availability and an additional fee.
Timing requests depend on our cleaning schedule and nearby reservations, and can only be confirmed within 24 hours of your arrival or departure.

PARKING
Complimentary parking is included with each reservation. Every unit is allotted one space in our private parking garage for the duration of your stay.
Garage spaces are not assigned and may be used on a first-come, first-served basis, with the exception of the Penthouse, which has a designated reserved space.
Additional free street parking is available directly in front of the building and is typically easy to find, particularly during mornings and evenings.
For guests with electric vehicles, a Tesla charging station is available behind the building in the rear parking lot.

Other things to note
Important: Before you arrive you will be asked to complete guest verification through third-party provider Truvi. This is done to ensure we are keeping up-to-date with short-term rental regulations as well as providing both our guests and our properties with extra protection. Truvi will contact you via email and/or text to complete the verification. Please do so prior to arriving at the property to enable a quick and easy check-in process.

📢 Guest Notice | Updated May 2026

Please be aware that there is active construction taking place directly across the street. Work is ongoing and guests may experience some noise during daytime hours on weekdays. We appreciate your understanding and are happy to answer any questions prior to booking.

Registration Details
2024083758

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Courtney
Host User ID: 56210655
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/56210655
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville native here — though I took quite the scenic route back home by way of Brooklyn and southern Georgia! I'm passionate about good food, new adventures, and the belief that travel genuinely makes us better humans.

I'm so excited to share a little piece of Nashville with you and do whatever I can to make your stay a great one. Welcome!
Where I went to school: Fashion Institute of Technology
My work: Jill of all trades
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
216 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting