URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1243549566388537782
Latitude: 36.06793
Longitude: -86.72976
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Properties by Preston at Brentwood Hills! This chic 1-bedroom, 1-bath apartment offers a blend of modern luxury and cozy comfort. Featuring stylish furnishings, a spacious living area, and a fully equipped kitchen, it’s the perfect retreat after exploring Nashville. Located in a tranquil setting yet close to the city’s vibrant attractions, you’ll find easy access to downtown’s dining, music, and entertainment scene. Enjoy a peaceful escape with all the excitement of Nashville

The space
Step into your beautifully designed apartment, offering comfort and convenience across both levels.

Main Area:

The open-concept living and dining area provides plenty of room to relax, entertain, or enjoy a cozy meal. Large windows fill the space with natural light, creating a warm and inviting atmosphere.
Kitchen: Fully equipped with everything you need for home-cooked meals, including a fridge/freezer, dishwasher, oven, stove, microwave, toaster oven, and coffee machine. Whether you're whipping up a quick breakfast or preparing a full dinner, you’ll have everything at your fingertips.

Bedroom Area:

The  bedroom is thoughtfully furnished to ensure a restful night’s sleep, with ample closet space and comfortable bedding.
This apartment is designed to be your home away from home, with all the essentials to make your stay easy and enjoyable.

Guest access
As our guest, you’ll enjoy full access to your own private apartment, along with a wide range of top-notch amenities, including:

Fitness Center – Stay active and energized.
Laundry Facilities – Conveniently located on-site.
Swimming Pool – Relax and unwind by the pool.
Dog Park – A perfect space for your furry friends.
Basketball Court – Shoot some hoops and have fun.
Activity Court – A versatile space for outdoor games.
Outdoor Fitness Area – Coming soon!
Playground – Perfect for the little ones to explore and play.
Pet Play Area – Another treat for your pets.
Spa – Indulge in some well-deserved relaxation.
Tennis Court – Practice your serve or enjoy a match.
Grill & Picnic Area – Ideal for outdoor dining and gatherings.

Other things to note
Other things to note:
Pet Policy:
- We have a pet limit of 2 pets per reservation.
- No aggressive breeds.
- Weight Limit 50Lb.
- We will charge a one-time non-refundable pet deposit of $250 (one time charge)
- We reserve the right to decline pets that may not be a good fit for the community.
Mid-Term Stay Prep:
We are a mid-term housing company, though we occasionally offer short-term stays. If
you’ve booked a short stay at a great rate, we’re happy to host you! However, please note:
 This property is stocked for mid-term stays, so we provide only starter toiletries
(one roll of toilet paper, paper towels, and a trash bag).
Please keep this in mind and bring your own toiletries when you come.
Maintenance Access:
 Annual Preventive Maintenance: Some properties have scheduled checks for
smoke detectors, HVAC filters, etc. We will notify you in advance if access is
needed.
 Emergency Maintenance: If urgent repairs are required (e.g., water leaks, electrical
issues) and we cannot reach you within [X] hours, we reserve the right to enter the
unit.
Occupants & Guest Policy:
 The main occupant must be listed on the reservation.
 The reservation must reflect the accurate number of guests and pets.
Mailbox Access:
 Mailbox access is available upon request and is not guaranteed.
 Processing time: It can take up to 24 business hours to be submitted to the
property.
 A refundable key deposit is required (amount: $35). This will be returned when the
key is returned.
Community Guidelines:
 Respect shared spaces & amenities.
 Keep noise levels low during late hours to ensure a peaceful environment for all
residents.
 Dispose of garbage & recycling properly in designated areas to maintain
cleanliness.
Thank you for choosing to stay with us! We look forward to hosting you.
 

Parking: Please provide us with your car details, make, model, color and license plate. There is a maximum of 2 cars per unit. 
Packages: Make sure to put your unit number on your packages. Packages will be delivered to your door.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Properties By Preston
Host User ID: 358619880
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/358619880
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I love hosting on AirBnB
Born in the 80s
My work: AirBnB Manager
Response rate: 98%
Responds within an hour
4 years hosting
3145 reviews
4.1 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting