URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1000816423577510417
Latitude: 36.1791
Longitude: -86.7583
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 12
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
2 Homes. 8 Beds. 7 bathrooms. 14 beds.🌟There's room for your whole crew!   The living rooms, dining rooms, and kitchens are fully equipped to give you all the comforts of home! Our home has it all and a great location close to Top Golf, Dive Motel, and other East Nashville gems! You'll enjoy an inviting living room and a complete kitchen with a full set of appliances on your nights in and if you're planning some home-cooked meals, our space is perfect!

The space
⭐Highlights: Each home has the following in their space> 
- Rooftop Views! We’ve just added brand new rooftop loungers with a fire pit. 
- Cocktail bar: Located on the third floor, perfect for afternoon beverages or a night cap.
 - Full cocktail set to whip up your favorite cocktails while you hang by the fire pit! 
- Open kitchen / living / dining concept 
- Fully equipped kitchen – all you need is the Chef! 
- We’ve got you covered on coffee too! Standard drip coffee maker with complimentary grounds from Nashville favorite, The Well 
- Dining seating for 6 +3 more at the Kitchen Island bar. 
- Smart TV’s: Roku / Firestick equipped 
- Starter kit for everything you'll need: paper towels, toilet paper, linens, towels, dish soap, laundry pods, etc. 
- All bathrooms come fully equipped with premium full-sized body wash, shampoo, and conditioner  

📌 The Neighborhood:
- Prime neighborhood location: Close to everything! Top Golf, Dive Motel, and Pharmacy Burger are some of our faves. Some of East Nashville's trendiest restaurants, cafes, and shops are nearby, with both Fatherland District and 5 Points a stroll away. Sports and music fans will appreciate the proximity to Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Bridgestone Arena, the Ryman, Ascend Amphitheatre, and Gaylord Opryland. 
- Broadway proximity: 10 min Uber, 2.2 miles from the center of Nashville’s Broadway strip. 

🛏️Where you’ll sleep: Sleeps 20+ 
Primary bedroom: King bed with En Suite - one in each home 
Guest bedroom: Queen bed - one in each home 
Guest bedroom: Double bed - one in each home 
Bunk room: Double over Double bunk bed - one in each home

Guest access
Kick back, relax, and get comfortable! You’ll have the place all to yourself and feel like you're at your home away from home!

Nice to meet y'all! We're Kalos Dwellings - we're two husband and wife duos, but best friends above all. We're Nashville locals and here to serve. We're happy to host you and invite you into our little corner of Nashville.

Other things to note
- Parking: There is a designated numbered spot next to the home as well as ample street parking.
- Minimum age to rent the home is 25.
- We love our furry friends, and they need a vacation too! We allow dogs that is under 30 lbs and non- shedding. If your pup fits that criteria, we’d love for you to bring them along. A one-time, non-refundable pet fee of $150 will be added to your reservation. Thank you for understanding!
- Vacation disruptions can be a bummer. While it doesn’t happen often, you may experience issues with Wi-Fi. We are not responsible for any disruptions to the Wi-Fi service or any construction that may affect your experience. Please note that such occurrences are beyond our control, and we appreciate your understanding and patience in these matters.

This home is proudly managed by Kalos Dwellings, we're excited to welcome you into our lil slice of Nashville. Please don't hesitate to reach our if you have any questions at all.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kalos Dwellings
Host User ID: 351901804
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/351901804
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Sarah and I am one of the co-founders of Kalos Dwellings along with my husband, Dustin, and our best friends, Aaron and Tara.  
Our entire team of hosts are here for anything you need during your stay!
Born in the 80s
My work: Kalos Dwellings
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
4955 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting