URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/45098513
Latitude: 36.1634
Longitude: -86.7784
rental_type: Entire loft
property_type: LOFT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Downtown Nashville loft in an unbeatable location.  Letterpress Loft is steps from the music and bars of Printer's Alley and two blocks from the prime honky tonks of downtown Broadway Avenue. Walking distance to Bridgestone Arena, Titan's Nissan Stadium, Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame and City Music Center. Plus all the main downtown Nashville tourist attractions.  This renovated industrial, historic loft was originally built in 1905 yet has all the modern conveniences of today.

The space
This is a self-owned, self-managed loft and our goal is that you feel you're in someone's home and not a standard rental.  The loft is located in an renovated, historic warehouse that operated as a commercial printing company for decades  (hence our "letterpress" name!).  Soaring ceilings, huge wooden columns, original brick walls, industrial ductwork and the open layout transport you back to another time.  And yet, the home is equipped with personalized, secure electronic door locks for independent check-in, high speed wifi, and Smart TV's.  You'll find lots of unique, custom design touches and high-end amenities throughout the loft.  Highlights include a luxury, double shower with antique brass rainwater showerheads.  The bedroom features a king sized, Helix mattress and high-end linens.  The sofa bed in the living area is a king sized, luxury "American Leather" brand sofa.   There's fun, Art Deco and industrial touches throughout the loft to be discovered and enjoyed.  You can even leave a note for our guestbook on a vintage 1946 typewriter. 

Parking pass (including in/out privileges) available for additional $25 per day.

Guest access
Private access with independent check-in

Other things to note
A few items to note prior to booking to ensure this loft is the right fit for you:

1. There are smart TVs for you to log into with programs (ie Netflix, Pandora, etc). There is local TV but no cable. 

2. If you are sensitive to noise, this loft may not be the right choice.   The central, downtown location and the age of the building does come with the trade-off of some noise.  A stay in Music City means live performances in bars in every direction.  Including a Printer's Alley bar in the basement of our building.  When staying in the unit you may hear music, occasional sirens, cars parking in neighboring garage or people enjoying nearby bars or in neighboring lofts.  A spa sound machine, portable fan and earplugs are provided to ease any minor disturbances.  However, if this causes concern you may want to select another location.

3. If a view is important to you, then this loft is NOT the best choice.  There are large, industrial windows, an outdoor balcony space and an amazing central downtown location.  The view, however, is...a parking garage.  You'll see from our reviews that guests love the space, but we want to inform you up front prior to booking to ensure you don't have disappointments or missed expectations upon arrival.

4.  A separate rental contract is required to be signed within 48 hours of booking.  Full terms are:
Article I – PARTIES AND GENERAL TERMS

Section 1.01 – Applicability

This Agreement applies to all persons in Guest’s party, regardless of age or relationship. Guest is responsible for communicating this Agreement and ensuring compliance by all occupants and visitors.

Section 1.02 – Use and Conduct

The Property is for personal vacation use only.
Guest shall not use the Rental Property for commercial purposes or illegal activity.
Occupancy must not exceed the capacity specified in the listing or confirmation.
Unauthorized parties, events, or subleasing are strictly prohibited.
Guest affirms that they are at least 21 years of age and assumes full responsibility for all persons in their party, including minors and visitors.
Guest must abide by all rules and regulations contained herein, provided electronically, and posted on the premises.
Section 1.03 – Check-In and Check-Out

Standard check-in is at 3:00 PM, and check-out is at 11:00 AM, unless otherwise arranged in writing. Late check-outs without approval will incur a fee of $20 for every 15 minutes that it extends.

Article II – PAYMENTS AND CANCELLATION

Section 2.01 – Payments

The total rental amount includes rent, taxes, cleaning fees, and any additional charges disclosed at the time of booking.
Contact Owner for payment-related issues.
Section 2.02 – Cancellation Policy

Cancellation terms are governed by the booking platform and can be found in your booking details.

Section 2.03 – Credit Card Authorization

Guest authorizes Owner to charge the credit card on file for charges, including, but not limited to, unpaid fees, property damage, and fines described in this Agreement. The Guest is responsible for all charges incurred by the Owner due to any credit card fraud initiated by the Guest, including any stop payment requests made to circumvent the cancellation policy, whether intentional or accidental. All credit card payments from the Guest to the Owner will appear as "Letterpress LLC" on your billing statement.

Article III – AIRCOVER AND DAMAGES

Section 3.01 – Airbnb AirCover

AirCover through Airbnb will be used instead of a Security Deposit. Owner will follow Airbnb reimbursement criteria and guidelines. Reimbursement requests may include, but are not limited to:

Excess cleaning.
Repairs or replacements.
Service calls.
Damage to property, furnishings, or equipment.
Unapproved late check-outs or overstays.
Lost or damaged linens.
Section 3.02 – Guest Liability

Guest is liable for all damages defined by Airbnb AirCover.

Article IV – PROPERTY RULES

Section 4.01 – Cleanliness and Safety

Guests must keep the premises clean and safe and report any unsafe or unsanitary conditions immediately. Daily housekeeping is not provided. Trash must be disposed of in designated bins.

Section 4.02 – Pets and Children

Pets are prohibited unless explicitly approved by Owner. Unauthorized pets will result in immediate eviction and a fine of up to $500.00 plus any associated cleaning or damage costs.
Guest must declare the number of children under 18. Guests are solely responsible for supervising children at all times.
Section 4.03 – Equipment and Utilities

Owner shall not be held responsible for temporary utility outages or equipment failures. No refunds will be issued for mechanical breakdowns, maintenance issues, or weather-related disruptions beyond Owner’s control. Owner will make reasonable efforts to restore affected services as quickly as possible.

Section 4.04 – Parking

Guest is responsible for all parking violations incurred during their stay and must comply with all policies set by the HOA, city, county, or private parking garages.

Section 4.05 – Lost and Found

Owner shall not be held responsible for any personal items that are lost, forgotten, or left behind by Guest at the property. If Owner finds any lost items and Guest requests their return, Guest shall be responsible for all shipping costs, in addition to a minimum service fee of $25.  Items that are found and remain unclaimed for 14 days will be disposed of at the Owner's discretion.

Section 4.06 – Cancellation and Termination

Owner reserves the right to terminate this Agreement if Guest violates its terms. No refunds will be provided in such cases.

Article V – PROPERTY ACCESS

Owner or Manager may access the property for inspection, maintenance, or sale showings with reasonable notice. No refunds will be provided for temporary interruptions to utilities, appliances, hot tubs, pools, or other mechanical systems. Owner will make reasonable efforts to resolve issues promptly.

Article VI – LIABILITY, WAIVERS, AND INDEMNITY

Section 6.01 – Indemnification and Assumption of Risk

Guest acknowledges the risks associated with the use of pools, hot tubs, decks, stairs, and outdoor equipment, weather-related hazards, and interactions with local wildlife or insects. Guest agrees to release and indemnify Owner and all affiliates from any liability, claims, or damages resulting from injuries or accidents on the premises, except where caused by Owner’s gross negligence or intentional misconduct.

Section 6.02 – Force Majeure

Owner shall not be liable for failure to perform any obligation under this Agreement if such failure is caused by events beyond Owner’s control, including but not limited to acts of God, natural disasters, pandemics, government restrictions, terrorism, war, utility outages, or other unforeseeable events.

Section 6.03 – Governing Law and Jurisdiction

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Tennessee. All disputes shall be handled in Davidson County, TN.

Section 6.04 – Attorney’s Fees and Costs

In the event of any dispute, claim, enforcement action, or legal proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement, including without limitation any action to recover unpaid charges, fines, damages, or to enforce any rights under this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees, court costs, and related expenses.

Article VII – SAFETY AND SURVEILLANCE

Section 7.01 – Security Systems

Exterior surveillance cameras and interior noise monitoring may be active for security purposes. There are no cameras or voice recording devices inside the Rental Property. Interior noise sensors may be active to monitor decibel levels.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Letterpress Vacation Rentals
Host User ID: 26211861
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/26211861
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Whether I'm at home or on the road, I like to live like a tourist and explore new foods and adventures.  Through Airbnb hosting, I've had the pleasure of meeting people from all over the world...which just keeps the travel bug alive!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
1249 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting