URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1694390061629336902
Latitude: 36.153
Longitude: -86.8287
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the best of Music City from this spacious 2,700 sq ft modern home, featuring a spectacular private rooftop deck with skyline views and an a location just minutes from Downtown!

Perfect for families, business travelers, groups of friends, concerts, sporting events, and extended stays, this beautifully designed home comfortably accommodates up to 12 guests with four spacious bedrooms, three full bathrooms, multiple gathering areas, and everything you need for a comfortable stay.

The space
Designed for Comfort! This spacious home comfortably accommodates up to 12 guests and features: 

🛋️Living Area: Spacious open-concept living room with comfortable seating. Smart TV and indoor fireplace

🍳 Kitchen: Fully equipped kitchen with cookware and dining essentials. Dining table for shared meals

🛏️  Sleeping Arrangements
     *Primary Bedroom – 1 King Bed
     *Second Bedroom – 1 Queen Bed
     *Bedroom 3: 1 Queen Bed
     *Bedroom 4: 2 Queen Beds & a couch

Guest access
Guests will have exclusive access to the entire home, including:
✔ Entire house
✔ Fully equipped kitchen
✔ Spacious living and dining areas
✔ All 4 bedrooms and 3 full bathrooms
✔ Patio and outdoor seating
✔ Washer & dryer
✔ Dedicated workspace
✔ Free on-site parking

You'll enjoy complete privacy throughout your stay.

Other things to note
‼️‼️ We are committed to providing a relaxing and elevated experience during your stay. Please note the following important information:

Housekeeping: There may be laundry in the dryer upon your arrival. Our housekeeper works hard to prepare the home as quickly as possible in case you're able to check in early.

If you need to use the dryer, simply remove the clean laundry and set it aside. There is no need to fold it. Please do not use any towels or sheets left in the dryer, as they belong to our housekeeping team. Fresh linens and towels will be available for your use during your stay.

Long-Term Stay Utilities (30+ Nights): For reservations of 30 nights or longer, a $400 monthly utilities fee is collected separately from the reservation through the Airbnb app before your stay begins. This covers:
- High-speed internet
- Water & sewer
- Trash service
- Electricity
- Gas

Payment must be completed within 24 hours of our request. Failure to remit the utilities fee within that timeframe may result in cancellation of the reservation without refund.

Security Deposit: Based on your reservation details, including any prior guest reviews when applicable, we reserve the right to request a refundable security deposit. If required, the deposit must be paid promptly upon request and will be refunded after check-out, provided the property is left in good condition.

Property Maintenance: Routine exterior maintenance, including lawn mowing, weed trimming, insect treatments, and similar services, may occur during your stay. These visits may be scheduled at any time, and we typically do not provide advance notice. Maintenance personnel will not need to enter the home.

If you report a maintenance issue during your stay, we kindly ask that you remain responsive and cooperative, especially if access to the home is needed to complete repairs promptly.

Occasionally, packages related to the maintenance or upkeep of the property may be delivered during your stay. In rare cases, we may ask you to bring a package inside for safekeeping until our team can retrieve it. We truly appreciate your help.

Early Check-In / Late Check-Out: Early check-in, late check-out, and early or late luggage drop-off may be available upon request, subject to availability, for a $50 fee.

House Rules:

No smoking or vaping is permitted inside the property.

A minimum $1,000 cleaning fee will be charged for any smoking or vaping violation. Repeated or severe violations may also result in immediate eviction without refund.

Check-Out & Cleaning Expectations

To help us maintain the high standards our guests expect and ensure the property is ready for the next arrival, all guests are requested to follow the check-out instructions provided before departure.

If the property is left in a condition that requires significantly more time or effort than a standard turnover, such as excessive mess, unusual amounts of trash, or any situation requiring additional cleaning beyond the normal scope, an additional cleaning fee may be charged to cover the extra labor and time required.

Thank you for treating the home with care. Your cooperation helps us continue providing a clean, comfortable, and well-maintained space for every guest.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: David
Host User ID: 251837388
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/251837388
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Where I went to school: Meharry Medical College, Nashville TN
My work: physician
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
243 reviews
4.58 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting