URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1435698287183877334
Latitude: 36.1473
Longitude: -86.7817
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
🌃 Nashville Rhythm Retreat: Downtown 1-bed, 1-bath condo for 4. Features King bed, vinyl record player, full kitchen, and resort amenities like a heated pool & 24/7 gym. Dog-friendly. Walk to Lower Broadway. Secure garage parking included. Experience Music City's soul with modern comfort and classic charm, perfect for exploring Nashville's vibrant scene.

The space
📍 Experience the soul of Nashville in this charming 1-bedroom, 1-bathroom retreat, perfectly blending classic country charm with modern comforts. Nestled on the first floor for easy access, this unique downtown Nashville property invites you to relax and recharge. The elegant design features country music-inspired decor, vintage details, and captivating wall art highlighting the golden era of country music, creating a warm and inviting atmosphere.

Key features of your private space:
   
🛌Bedroom: Features a brand new King hybrid 14-inch mattress with medium-firm support (fully encased for protection), a bold, tropical-patterned accent wall, and a wall-mounted Smart TV.
   
💤Sleeping Capacity: Comfortably sleeps four guests. In addition to the King bed, two Twin-size foldable floor mattresses with linens are provided.
   
📺Living Area: Open-concept space with a black leather sofa and rustic-modern furniture.
   
🧑🏽‍🍳Kitchen: Beautifully appointed and fully stocked with brand new stainless-steel appliances, dark cabinetry, and a large marble-topped island that doubles as a dining table. Includes:
       -Air-fryer
       -George Foreman grill
       -Keurig K-duo coffee maker (for drip and K-cups)
       -Mixing bowls, utensils, baking dishes
       -Dish towels, paper towels, dish pods
       -Full array of kitchenware: silverware, dishes, wine & beverage glasses, plates, bowls, coffee cups
   
🧼Bathroom: Spa-inspired with generous space, plush linens, upscale finishes, and hotel-style amenities, including a luxurious soaking tub and shower.
   
🧺Laundry: In-unit washer and dryer with starter supplies.
   🎶Entertainment: Working vinyl record player with vintage country records.
   🛜Connectivity: High-speed Wi-Fi with 1000 Mbps download speed.
   🐶Pet-Friendly: Stainless dog bowls provided for your furry companion.

Beyond your private sanctuary, discover exceptional resort-style amenities:
   🪴Outdoor Patio: Peaceful private patio with seating for five and a view of the sparkling pool.
   🏊🏻Heated Saltwater Pool: Open from April to October, surrounded by sun loungers, tables, and umbrellas on the sun-deck.
   🍗Communal BBQ Grill: With propane and grilling supplies.
   ☀️Courtyard: Vibrant area featuring a dog relief area with disposal bags.
   🏋Fitness Center: 24/7 access, equipped with cables, dumbbells, and cardio machines.
🏙️Lobby Amenities: Vending machine for quick snacks and drinks, luggage carts conveniently located near the elevators in the garage.

Guest access
Guests enjoy exclusive access to the entire private unit, including the fully equipped kitchen, comfortable bedroom, and luxurious bathroom. You also have full access to the building's shared amenities:
   -Lobby
   -Courtyard
   -Heated Pool
   -Dog Relief Area
   -24/7 Fitness Center

For your safety and convenience:
   The unit features a smart-lock door entry with a unique code for each reservation.
   A door camera is located at Unit #102.
Outdoor cameras located at entrances and pool provided by property management.
   Guests will receive a unique building entry code.

Parking is hassle-free:
   One complimentary space per reservation in our secure gated garage, accessible via an access code.
   Free street parking is also available.
NOTE: For the easiest route from the parking garage to your door, use Elevator #1, go to Floor 1, and exit right to find Unit #102.

Other things to note
🔔 UPON BOOKING: A few things to note prior to booking. We use an integrated software to collect all booking guest info such as phone number and signed rental agreement, and dog fee if applicable. We want all guests to know their information is secured, and since we are renting our home to you as our guest, we need identifying information for our insurance purposes. 
 
🐶 *We ARE dog friendly! To keep things extra clean, we require a $75 dog fee for extra cleaning if you’re bringing a dog. ONE dog, under 20 pounds is allowed per reservation. Due to the size of our condo, this restriction keeps the space comfortable and manageable for all guests. Dog fee is to be paid at booking.

🧼 CLEANING FEE: We have a $115 cleaning fee per reservation that goes directly to our cleaning team.

🛠️ TRAVEL INSURANCE & DAMAGE WAIVER: For all guests, we recommend purchasing travel insurance as well as damage protection. Anything can happen when traveling and we want all our guests to be prepared.

🛅 PLEASE NOTE:
•If you’re in need of secure luggage storage either before or after your check-in or check-out, please let us know and we can give you discounted access to our Luggage Storage Partner located next door to the property.

Registration Details
2025038626

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Misti
Host User ID: 77100602
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/77100602
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
As a native Nashvillian, I am excited to share a space for travelers of all ages and welcome them to my wonderful city! I travel full time with my husband, and enjoy working out and walking my dogs. We have one daughter and two sons.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Tennessee State University
1 year hosting
17 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting