URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1288387489343642002
Latitude: 36.14641308372647
Longitude: -86.81752445606072
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 18
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This listing combines TWO neighboring properties, Rhythmic Retreat and Sapphire Loft, for a one-of-a-kind experience. Ideal for groups requiring larger spaces and extra sleeping areas. Both feature private, adjacent rooftops balconies. Each unit has its own unique appeal and theme. The listed price includes both units.

Specific details for each unit can be found below.

The space
---Rhythmic Retreat---

This West End masterpiece, reflects Nashville's vibrant energy through its modern design and luxurious amenities. Every inch of this exquisite home is crafted with attention to detail and an eye for style, making it an exceptional retreat for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and chic urban living. 

The home's crown jewel is the rooftop terrace, a space where urban vibes meet the sky. Furnished for comfort and socializing, it's a perfect spot for morning yoga, evening cocktails, or simply soaking up the bustling ambiance of West End. With plenty of space for the whole group and mini arcade game, the space will enhance the spirit of friendly competition for all ages. 

Each bedroom is an enclave of peace and luxury, with plush beds adorned with fresh linens and individual decor that adds character and charm. The master suite features a king-sized bed, a walk-in closet, and an en-suite bathroom with dual vanities and a glass-enclosed shower, offering a serene escape from the city's buzz.

Additional bedrooms provide versatile sleeping arrangements, suitable for any group or family, each boasting its own well-appointed en-suite bathroom that mirrors the home's modern aesthetic with premium fixtures and finishes.

★ Attached Garage
★ Two Welcoming Living Spaces
★ Private Rooftop Deck
★ Private City-View Balcony
★ Walking Distance to Many Hot Spots
★ Mini Classic Arcade Game

---Sapphire Loft---

Elevate your stay with amenities designed for both entertainment and convenience. Show off your vocal talents and find joy in a spontaneous karaoke session set up for you to enjoy in one of the two spacious living areas—each styled with comfort and social gatherings in mind. 

Your stay is enhanced by the rooftop deck, an idyllic setting for morning coffees or sunset cocktails. And as day turns to night, unwind with a backdrop of breathtaking views that promise to enchant and inspire.

The convenience of an in-unit washer and dryer means you can pack light and keep your wardrobe fresh throughout your stay. Indulge your culinary skills in the full kitchen, equipped with modern appliances and all you need to craft delicious meals. 

✦ Luxury Loft, Perfect For Larger Groups
✦ Modern Kitchen with Updated Appliances
✦ Washer & Dryer In Unit
✦ Rooftop Patio and Karaoke Machine

Guest access
You will have access to the entire home. We will send you the access code by website messenger with the entry instructions 24-48 hours prior to check in.

Other things to note
6 min drive to Sylvan Park ( 1.8 miles)
7 min drive to Music Row ( 1.9 miles)  
10 min drive to 12 South ( 2.8 miles)
10 min drive to Broadway/Bridgestone ( 2.5 miles)	
22 min drive to the Airport	 ( 11.6 miles)
27 min drive to Grand Ole Opry ( 15.3 miles)

🏴 Local residents may book only with prior host approval.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Host Extraordinaires
Host User ID: 101426897
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/101426897
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
At Host Extraordinaires, we blend cutting-edge technology with true Southern hospitality to create seamless, high-end stays in Nashville. With years of experience, data-driven insights, and smart automation, we make every guest’s experience effortless. From keyless check-ins to lightning-fast WiFi, we optimize everything so you can just relax.
My work: Experience gurus
Fun fact: Year round office Christmas lights.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
33854 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting