URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1442840152644067630
Latitude: 36.15226
Longitude: -86.53801
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Escape to Nance Country Retreat—owned by hit songwriter Wil Nance ("She's Everything"). “Brad Paisley” This peaceful getaway features 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, a large family room, serene front porch, and spacious back deck. Enjoy a lighted bridge over a stocked pond, a glowing fountain at sunset, and quiet country charm— two miles away from great shopping , 6 mi to Nashville Shores, 11 mi to the airport, and 18 mi to downtown Nashville. A true Music City gem

The space
🎶 Nance Country Retreat – A Peaceful Escape with a Musical Heart 🎶

Welcome to Nance Country Retreat, a one-of-a-kind getaway owned by hit songwriter Wil Nance (“She’s Everything”). This cozy countryside haven blends the charm of peaceful living with the rhythm of Music City—perfect for families, couples, or small groups looking to unwind and explore.

🛏️ Room to Relax
This spacious retreat features 3 comfortable bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms, and a large family room ideal for movie nights, board games, or just kicking back after a day of fun. Thoughtfully furnished with both comfort and style, it's a true home away from home.

🌅 Porch Mornings & Sunset Magic
Start your day with coffee on the serene front porch, where quiet country mornings greet you with birdsong and fresh air. As the sun sets, head to the large back terrace/deck to watch the sky light up over the trees—perfect for grilling, dining, or stargazing.

🌳 Scenic Outdoor Spaces
Take a walk across the lighted footbridge over a stocked pond—a favorite for catch-and-release fishing or simply enjoying the view. As night falls, the glowing fountain becomes a magical backdrop to your evening. Kids can roam, and adults can relax in the quiet of Tennessee’s countryside.

📍 Ideal Location – Country Calm, City Close
Though it feels a world away, you're just:

2 miles from local shopping, dining, and a movie theater

6 miles to Nashville Shores waterpark & marina fun

11 miles from the airport

18 miles to the music and nightlife of downtown Nashville

You get the best of both worlds—peaceful country living and quick access to city excitement.

🎸 A Touch of Music City
Nance Country Retreat isn’t just a home—it’s part of Nashville’s story. Owned by a Nashville hitmaker, this space carries the easy creativity and laid-back charm that makes Music City special. Whether you're writing songs, making memories, or just relaxing, you'll feel inspired.

Perfect For:

Family getaways and reunions

Romantic country weekends

Music lovers and Nashville explorers

Travelers seeking a quiet, comfortable base

Whether you're sipping sweet tea on the porch, fishing by the pond, or heading downtown for live music and hot chicken, Nance Country Retreat is the perfect place to begin and end your Tennessee adventures.

Come experience country comfort, local charm, and a little bit of Nashville soul.

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire home, including the cozy front porch, spacious back patio, large backyard, and lighted catch-and-release pond. Enjoy the peaceful outdoor spaces, fish by the pond, and park with ease in the large driveway. The whole property is yours to relax and explore!

Other things to note
🏡  Local Attractions & Amenities

🍽️  Dining Options

* Calabria Brickoven Pizzeria  – Renowned for its authentic brick-oven pizzas and cozy atmosphere.

* The Goat – A lively spot offering a diverse menu and a vibrant ambiance.

* Fishtales Grill at Cedar Creek Marina – Enjoy waterfront dining with fresh seafood and scenic views.

* Caney Fork River Valley Grille – Experience Southern hospitality with a variety of classic dishes.

🛍️  Shopping Centers

* Providence Marketplace – A premier shopping destination featuring retailers like Target, Old Navy, Bath & Body Works, and Best Buy. Dining options include Olive Garden and Buffalo Wild Wings. Entertainment is available at Regal Providence 14-screen cinema.

* Mount Juliet Village – Home to stores such as TJ Maxx, Ulta Beauty, Hobby Lobby, and Kroger, offering a mix of fashion, beauty, and everyday essentials.

* Blush Boutique – A trendy shop for women's fashion, jewelry, and accessories.

🎢  Theme Parks & Attractions

* Nashville Shores – Located just 6 miles away, this waterpark offers fun for all ages.

* Treetop Adventure Park at Nashville Shores – Features ziplining and treetop challenges for adventure enthusiasts.

* Urban Air Trampoline and Adventure Park – An indoor amusement park with activities like trampolines, obstacle courses, and more. 

✈️  Proximity to Key Locations

* Nashville International Airport – Approximately 11 miles west, easily accessible via Interstate 40.

* Downtown Nashville – Located about 18 miles west, offering a vibrant music scene, dining, and cultural attractions.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Willard
Host User ID: 701081424
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/701081424
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
52 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting