URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1080610153087964621
Latitude: 36.16046
Longitude: -86.83943
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your chic and elegant haven, Bottoms Up Nashville! This chic 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom condo is located in the bustling neighborhood of The Nations in the center of Music City, where comfort and style meet! The Nations puts you near a multitude of fascinating sites. Treat yourself to a visit to the well-known Fat Bottom Brewery, where you can savor handcrafted brews and take in the vibrant atmosphere.

The space
Only a short stroll away are the vibrant centers of West Nashville and downtown Nashville, which provide abundant must-see sites and thrilling adventures. Experience the thriving music culture of the city, explore legendary honky-tonks, and savor Nashville's rich cultural legacy. Prepare to be charmed by this ground-floor gem's elegant décor and warm ambiance.

Living Areas & Kitchen:
Step inside the elegantly designed living area, which exudes a serene sense of tranquility, and you will instantly feel at home. The well-appointed kitchen, which includes contemporary stainless-steel appliances that inspire your culinary imagination, is easily connected to the living room through an open floor plan. Cooking is a pleasure because the kitchen has everything you need to prepare delectable dishes. Enjoy a meal at the breakfast bar, which is equipped with cozy bar stools, or unwind in the living room with your favorite movies streaming on the state-of-the-art flat-screen smart TV.

Bedrooms:
Heading down the corridor, you'll find two really pleasant bedrooms. A Queen bed, a smart flat-screen TV, and a roomy in-room vanity with an advanced smart mirror are elements of the primary bedroom that make it ideal for getting ready in luxury before a night out on the well-known honky-tonk Hwy. The primary bathroom, which is an ensuite adjoining space, has a single vanity and a contemporary walk-in shower. For entertainment, there is another smart flat-screen TV in the second bedroom and a Queen-size bed. A second bathroom with an opulent shower and a single, large vanity is located in the hallway. A full-body smart mirror is available for your convenience, guaranteeing that you look perfect while you explore the vibrant music city and take priceless pictures and memories!

Entertainment:
Beyond the condo, The Nations neighborhood offers a vibrant and thriving community. With over 50 restaurants, you'll have an array of dining options to satisfy any craving. From trendy cafes to upscale eateries, there's something for everyone. Additionally, the neighborhood boasts 20 shops, providing various retail therapy opportunities. Art enthusiasts will delight in the presence of three murals within The Nations neighborhood, adding a touch of creativity and culture to the surroundings. For beer aficionados, a short walk will take you to the renowned Fat Bottom Brewery, where you can indulge in a wide selection of craft beers. And if you're in the mood for some spirits, Pennington Distillery is also within walking distance, offering a unique tasting experience.

Parking:
Parking is provided by a first come, first served uncovered parking lot.

Bottoms Up Nashville invites you to experience the very best of the city from the comfort of your temporary home. Don't miss out on this unforgettable opportunity to immerse yourself in the dynamic energy of The Nations and downtown Nashville, creating memories that will last a lifetime. Book your stay now and prepare to say "Bottoms Up Nashville" to an extraordinary adventure!

BED SETUP:
Primary Bedroom: 1Queen Bed with Smart TV and En-Suite Bathroom 
2nd Bedroom: 1 Queen Bed with Smart TV
Additional Sleeping: Sleeper Sofa in Living Room 

LOCATION:
1 mins: Fat Bottom Brewing Co
2 mins: Tennessee State University
2 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
3 mins: The Nations
4 mins: Climb Nashville
5 mins: Centennial Park
5 mins: SandBar Nashville
5  Avo Café & Bar
6 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Course
7 mins: Nashville Yards - Amazon HQ2 
7 mins: Broadway
7 mins: Midtown
7 mins: McCabe Golf Course
8 mins: Music City Center
8 mins: Music Row
8 mins: The Parthenon
9 mins: SOBRO
9 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
9 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
9 mins: Wedgewood-Houston
9 mins: Belmont-Hillsboro
10 mins: Germantown
10 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
10 mins: Vanderbilt University
10 mins: The Gulch
10 mins: RCA Studio
10 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
10 mins: Belmont Mansion
10 mins: Josephine
12 mins: Topgolf

All our properties include all of the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Drip Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron 
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

Nashville Permit issued in 2023 followed by:2023037923

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire unit!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 440360756
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/440360756
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I’m Chris. I co-host awesome Airbnbs in Nashville and several other parts of the country! Find me on IG @boost.rentals
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Purdue University & Indiana University
5 years hosting