URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1691080982748987817
Latitude: 36.1496
Longitude: -86.8081
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
🎨 Looking for something beyond the ordinary? This funky Nashville retreat blends vibrant style, playful design, and unbeatable convenience in one unforgettable package. Located near Vanderbilt, Broadway, and Centennial Park, it's the perfect launchpad for your Music City adventure.

The space
This one-bedroom retreat is packed with personality. Inspired by Nashville's creative spirit, the space features bold colors, unique decor, and all the essentials needed for a comfortable stay.

Whether you're in town for work, concerts, sporting events, or a romantic getaway, you'll enjoy a comfortable home base close to everything.

Sleeping Arrangements

🛏 Bedroom
• King Bed

🚿 Bathroom
• One Full Bathroom

Amenities & Features

📶 Fast WiFi
☕ Coffee Bar with Keurig & Drip Brewer
📺 Smart TV
🚗 Garage Parking Included
🧺 Shared Laundry
❄️ In unit AC
🔑 Self Check-In

Location Highlights

🎓 Vanderbilt University
💪 Centennial Sportsplex
🌳 Centennial Park
🎶 Broadway Entertainment District
🍹 The Gulch
🍖 Martin's BBQ
🎸 Music Row

Perfect For

✔ Couples
✔ Business Travelers
✔ Solo Travelers
✔ Weekend Getaways
✔ Medical Professionals Visiting Vanderbilt

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a pet-free environment. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Guest access
Guests will enjoy private access to their entire unit along with shared access to the building's  laundry room located on the second floor.

Each unit includes one designated parking space in the underground garage. Additional paid street parking may be available directly in front of the building.

Please note that the building does not have an elevator. Guests accessing the property through the garage will need to use one flight of stairs. First-floor units may be accessed without stairs when arriving from the front entrance.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
2023044700

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4541 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting