URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1598759417127548431
Latitude: 36.19631
Longitude: -86.77192
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Come stay at one of Nashville most luxurious properties! With four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms, it’s the perfect place for your large group to escape to Nashville for an unforgettable trip!

The space
Welcome to your ultimate Nashville getaway—a beautifully designed 4-bedroom home built for comfort, style, and unforgettable experiences. Perfect for families, friend groups, and special occasions, this home sleeps up to 12+ guests with 7 beds and features a private rooftop with a hot tub and stunning Nashville skyline views.

🌆 Private Rooftop Oasis

The highlight of the home is the exclusive rooftop deck, where you can soak in the hot tub, enjoy morning coffee, or unwind with evening cocktails while taking in panoramic views of the Nashville skyline. It’s the perfect spot for celebrations, relaxing after a night out, or simply enjoying the city from above.

🏡 Stylish & Spacious Interior

Inside, you’ll find a thoughtfully designed space with modern finishes, high ceilings, and an open-concept layout ideal for gathering:
	•	Comfortable living area with ample seating
	•	Fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances, cookware, and bar seating
	•	Dining space perfect for group meals or game nights
	•	Fast Wi-Fi and smart TVs throughout

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (7 Beds)
	•	4 private bedrooms designed for rest and privacy
	•	7 total beds, ideal for groups and families
	•	Premium mattresses, luxury linens, and blackout curtains for a great night’s sleep

🛁 Bathrooms
	•	Multiple modern bathrooms with walk-in showers
	•	Plush towels and complimentary toiletries included

📍 Prime Nashville Location

Conveniently located just minutes from:
	•	Broadway & downtown Nashville
	•	East Nashville dining and nightlife
	•	Music venues, bars, and top local attractions

Whether you’re in town for a weekend getaway, bachelor/bachelorette party, concert, or family trip, this home offers the perfect balance of luxury, location, and comfort.

✨ Why Guests Love This Home

✔ Private rooftop hot tub
✔ Skyline views
✔ Group-friendly layout
✔ Stylish, Insta-worthy design
✔ Easy access to Nashville hotspots

Book now and experience Nashville the way it’s meant to be enjoyed—relaxed, elevated, and unforgettable.

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Guest access
Entire home

Other things to note
Garage and street parking available!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting