URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/716751232681547254
Latitude: 36.1537
Longitude: -86.7752
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Nashville from the Top! 🌃
Live "Above It All" in this stunning Top-Floor Penthouse in the heart of Sobro! 🎸 

Steps from Broadway and Bridgestone Arena, you get 2 King Suites, a private balcony with epic skyline views, and a Heated Saltwater Pool 🏊. 

Enjoy the luxury of a brand-new building with a gym and game room. Safe, secure, and walkable to everything Nashville. Service animals welcome. Your urban adventure starts here! 🤠✨

STRP2022056646

The space
Welcome to your Downtown Penthouse Retreat! 🏙️

Elevate your Nashville experience in this sophisticated, top-floor sanctuary. Designed for those who want to be in the center of the action without sacrificing luxury, this penthouse offers the perfect blend of modern style and urban convenience. From the moment you step onto your private patio to watch the sunset over the skyline, you'll know you’ve found the best seat in the house.

💎 The Penthouse Advantage:

The View: Your private balcony offers panoramic views of the downtown skyline—perfect for pre-game drinks or sunset relaxation.

Two Master Suites: No fighting over the "good" room. Both bedrooms feature King-size beds and high-end linens.

Resort Amenities: Access to a year-round heated salt-water pool, BBQ pits, and a state-of-the-art fitness center with cycling classes.

🏡 Inside the Home:

Sleek Living Space: A bright, open-concept living room with a massive sectional that's perfect for lounging after a long day on Broadway.

Chef's Kitchen: Fully stocked with modern appliances and a Duo Coffee Maker (pods + drip) to fuel your Music City mornings.

The Layout: Each bedroom is positioned for maximum privacy, making this ideal for two couples or business travelers who need their own space.

🔑 Easy & Secure Check-In

You will have full access to your unit as well as the amenities throughout the building. 
You will be given a code specifically created for you to pick up your key fob from the Key Cafe. The key fob will open your unit as well as the doors around the building.

Flexible Arrival
Check in on your own schedule, perfect for late flights or evening arrivals.

Secure Building
Both the building and unit feature monitored access for added peace of mind.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (Sleeps 6-8):

Bedroom 1: King Bed + Private En-Suite Bath 👑🚿

Bedroom 2: King Bed + Full Bath (just outside the door) 👑

Living Room: Large Sectional + Queen Air Mattress available.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips:

Broadway (5 min drive / 10 min walk): The world-famous Honky Tonks are right at your fingertips.

Bridgestone Arena (5 min drive): Catch a Predators game or a major concert.

Eats (2 min walk): Explore the best of the Sobro district, including trendy bistros and classic BBQ.

Titans/Nissan Stadium (8 min drive): The easiest commute for game day or stadium concerts.

Nashville Tips: Sobro is one of the city's most walkable districts—leave the car and explore on foot!

🐾 Pet Policy & Accessibility:

No Pets: This property is a pet-free environment. 🚫🐕

Service Animals: We welcome service animals in accordance with the ADA.

Guest access
You will have access to the entire unit and all amenities that our building has to offer! Which includes a salt water pool, BBQ pits, a gym, and cycling classes.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
My work: Harleys Homes Inc
Most useless skill: N/A
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4539 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting