URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1657278667826199228
Latitude: 36.1542
Longitude: -86.7757
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Modern condo in the heart of Nashville! Walk to top bars, dining, and attractions. Sleeps 6 comfortably with a private balcony to unwind. Enjoy resort-style amenities including a pool,  gym, outdoor bbq and entertainment center. Perfect for groups, couples, and families looking for space, comfort, and convenience. Ideal for weekend getaways or longer stays with everything you need just steps away in a prime, walkable location.

The space
Located in the vibrant SoBro (South of Broadway) neighborhood in the heart of downtown Nashville, you’ll be within walking distance of award-winning restaurants, iconic honky-tonks, major sports and music venues, and scenic parks and trails. This beautifully decorated, top-floor corner unit offers a stylish, comfortable stay with easy access to everything the city has to offer.

Prime Location – Walk to Nashville Favorites:

- Music City Center – 5–6-minute walk
- Country Music Hall of Fame & Museum – 6–7-minute walk
- Bridgestone Arena (home of the Predators & major concerts) – 7–10-minute walk
- Broadway & its famous honky-tonks – 9–11-minute walk
- Printer’s Alley & Skull’s Rainbow Room – 10–12-minute walk
Nissan Stadium (Tennessee Titans games & events) – 18–20-minute walk
First Horizon Park & Germantown area – 25–30-minute walk (or a very short ride)

Rideshare options like Uber and Lyft, along with electric scooters, are readily available if you prefer not to walk.

Whether you're planning a girls’ trip, family getaway, or work retreat, this modern SoBro escape places you right in the center of the action while still offering a peaceful place to unwind after a day of exploring, live music, or game day excitement. The unit is equipped with ultra-fast 1GB WiFi, perfect for streaming, remote work, and staying connected.

Living Room
Enjoy a bright, top-floor corner space with a private balcony overlooking downtown. The living area features a comfortable full-sized sofa bed, ample seating, and a Smart TV with multiple streaming platforms.

Bedroom 1
Features a king-sized bed, a spacious walk-in closet, and a private en-suite bathroom with a walk-in shower and double vanity. Also includes a Smart TV with access to multiple streaming platforms.

Bedroom 2
Includes a queen-sized bed, large walk-in closet, and a full bathroom with shower/tub combo just outside the room. 

Additional Sleeping Options
We also provide a queen air mattress for extra guests and a Pack ’n Play for infants (please bring your own sheet), offering flexible sleeping options for your stay. These must be requested in advance so we can have everything ready for you.

Kitchen
A modern, fully equipped kitchen featuring granite countertops, cookware, dishware, coffee maker, dishwasher, dining table, and additional high-top seating. The coffee bar includes coffee pods, creamers, and sugars provided as a starter supply for your stay.

Parking
One garage parking space is available for $30 per night. Additional parking may be available upon request in advance and is subject to availability.

Guest access
As a guest, you’ll have full access to Unit 1023, as well as the building’s shared amenities, including a resort-style saltwater rooftop pool, outdoor kitchen and grilling areas, a state-of-the-art fitness center, modern conference rooms, and an entertainment area with billiards, vending machines, and lounge space—all available at no additional cost.

Other things to note
WELCOME TO DOWNTOWN NASHVILLE
Welcome to the vibrant heart of Downtown Nashville! We’re excited to host you for an amazing stay. Please note that our multifamily building places you in the center of the city’s lively energy. As a result, occasional urban noise, nearby events, or ongoing construction—outside of our control—may be part of your experience. 

BUILDING AMENITIES DISCLAIMER
**This is an Airbnb-friendly community** 
While guests have access to amenities such as the pool, fitness center, and resident lounges, we do not manage their maintenance, availability, or scheduling.  In the event that any of our building amenities become unavailable for guests, we assume NO RESPONSIBILITY for any of these amenities prior to or during your stay. By making your reservation you are acknowledging this disclaimer regarding our building amenities and agree unavailability will not be grounds for refunds or cancellation of your reservation.

We focus on providing the best possible experience within our control and are always here to help with any questions or concerns. Your five-star stay is our priority!

HOUSE RULES & COMMUNITY GUIDELINES
To ensure a comfortable experience for all residents and guests, please review the following:

- Smoking & Substances: This is a smoke-free and drug-free community, including balconies and all amenity areas.
- Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM – 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of neighbors.
- Trash: Please dispose of all garbage in the trash chute located near the main elevators on the south side of the building.
- Guests: Only registered guests are permitted. All guests must be listed on the reservation. No parties are allowed.
- Pets: No visiting pets are permitted.
- Balconies/Patios: Do not hang items on balcony railings. Glass is not permitted on balconies.

In an effort to ensure our residents and guests continue to enjoy living in and visiting our community the rules will be strictly enforced.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Mario
Host User ID: 25565356
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/25565356
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! We’re Mario and Kristine, dedicated Airbnb hosts in music-loving Nashville. Our goal is to provide an exceptional stay with a personal touch that larger management companies simply can’t match.

As locals, we’re excited to share all the things we love about Nashville and help you experience the city like we do. We’re committed to making your stay comfortable, seamless, and truly 5-star, with thoughtful details and prompt, friendly communication throughout.

We look forward to hosting you!
My work: Business/Accounting
Speaks English and Spanish
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
27 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting