URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/937627796138768578
Latitude: 36.15166
Longitude: -86.66049
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 3
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Our charming Retro Retreat is less than 15 min from downtown Nashville and
welcomes guests with a right-at-home feel as soon as they walk through the door.
Thoughtful touches throughout and everything you will need to relax, cook, play, and
explore. Guests love the spacious master bedroom with smart TV, adorable mid-
century bathroom with pink tub for soaking, free waffle bar, games galore, two FULL
bathrooms, and cozy, covered patio with string lights to sip your favorite beverage.

The space
THE SPACE:
The Retro Retreat can comfortably accommodate three people and boasts two FULL
bathrooms to allow guests to get ready for their Nashville adventures quickly and
spaciously! Guests love the cozy, retro feel of our mid-century home and the many thoughtful amenities included!
🛏️ SLEEPING: We offer a spacious primary bedroom with a queen bed and a cozy parlor room with a twin bed and sofa bed. Both sleeping areas are equipped with light-blocking curtains.
📍 LOCATION: We are conveniently located just 7 minutes (2.5 mi) away from the Nashville International Airport (BNA) and only 15 minutes (7.8 mi) from downtown Nashville! Uber and Lyft easily available. We are located in a quiet, safe, and beautiful residential neighborhood with many restaurants and shopping centers just around the corner. We provide our guests with a list of local favorites – of which there are many!
🥣 CEREAL BAR: We offer a fun, complimentary cereal bar with both regular milk and plant milk! Perfect for both breakfast and late-night snacking!
☕ COFFEE STATION: We know you need a good cup of coffee before you head out to explore Nashville! We offer creamer and a selection of sugars so you can craft your perfect cup!
🛀 TWO FULL BATHROOMS: Plenty of space for everyone to get ready for the day!
🧑‍🍳 FULL KITCHEN: We offer everything you need to cook, whether it is a frozen pizza or a four-course meal!
📖 FREE LITTLE LIBRARY: Book lovers, rejoice! Our Free Little Library allows guests to leave a book or take a book!
📺 TWO SMART TVS: Cozy up with a movie in either the primary bedroom or the parlor room!
☀️ COZY PATIO: Enjoy the serene outdoors on our cozy patio, complete with twinkle lights and outdoor seating/dining!
🎲 BOARD GAMES GALORE: Don’t let a rainy day stop the fun! Stay in and enjoy our selection of board games!
🧘🏼‍♀️ YOGA MATS: Want to stretch a little after walking in those boots all day? The Retro Retreat has a yoga mat so you can get your Zen on!
💄 MAKEUP NOOK: Enjoy getting ready in our adorable makeup nook with makeup shelf, lighted mirror, and poof chair.
🎶 RECORD PLAYER: Set the vibe by enjoying our huge selection of records!
🍕 LOCAL RECOMMENDATIONS: We make things easy for you and include a list of local favorites, from food to activities!
💻 DEDICATED WORKSPACE: Here on business or living the digital nomad life? Log some hours before going out to have fun in Nashville! 
🧼 THE BASICS: Shampoo, soaps, extra blankets and pillows…we got it all!
🍀 GREEN COMMITMENT: For every night booked, we donate $1 to help offset carbon emissions, and we use sustainable waste-free products.
 
We can’t wait to host you at our relaxing Retro Retreat during your Nashville adventure!

Guest access
GUEST ACCESS:
While staying at the Retro Retreat, you will have exclusive access to the space. Guests can enjoy easy self-check-in via Smart Lock. Please note that there is a separate unit on the back side of the house, but there are no shared spaces, so you will enjoy full privacy! You will have a private parking spot just steps away from your entrance on the concrete parking pad. (Only two guest vehicles are allowed on site, please.)

Spacious Bedroom with Smart TV
Adorable Mid-Century Bathroom w/ Tub for Soaking
Cereal + Milk Bar
Board Games
Two FULL Baths
Dedicated Workspace
Parlor Room w/ Sofa Bed & TV
Outdoor Dining
Cozy Patio w/ Twinkle Lights

Other things to note
OTHER THINGS TO NOTE:
Being close to BNA and DTN, our retro retreat offers convenience without compromising on style and charm. Whether you're passing through Nashville or looking for a unique and inviting getaway, our home will charm you with its timeless allure!
Please note that another unit is attached to the back side of the house, but there are no shared spaces, ensuring your full privacy!
Quiet hours are from 10pm to 7am to respect the neighbors.
We do not allow glitter on-site.
Smoking is allowed in outdoor spaces only.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Maria
Host User ID: 230939573
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/230939573
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
After I listed my first Airbnb in St. Augustine, Florida, I became obsessed with hosting! I now host at my own properties, as well as help other owners manage their rentals as well – with the help of my rockstar team of property managers. We're passionate about providing the best possible experience to our guests. Whether you're coming in for business, pleasure, or just passing through, we look forward to hosting you!
Lives in Gainesville, Florida
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
8112 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting