URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/37909466
Latitude: 36.31027
Longitude: -86.52756
rental_type: Entire cabin
property_type: CABIN
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Gallatin, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 3
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a peaceful lake getaway in this spacious suite attached to a rustic cabin on Old Hickory Lake 🌊. Surrounded by trees 🌲 with beautiful lake views over the wooded backyard, it's a relaxing retreat 30 mins from Downtown Nashville 🎸.

Perfect for couples, families, and business travelers 💼, this suite sleeps 3 with 1 bedroom 🛏️, 2 beds, a large bathroom 🛁, private balcony 🌅, sitting area, workspace 💻, and lake access 🛶!

The space
Designed for Comfort! This private guest suite offers a warm cabin-style atmosphere with plenty of space to relax.

🛋️ Living Area: Comfortable sitting area with a large TV, electric fireplace, and cozy furnishings for relaxing after a day on the lake.

🍽️ Kitchenette: Convenient kitchenette with a larger mini refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, dishes, glassware, dining table, and complimentary coffee, creamer, sweeteners, and sugar.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements

• 1 private bedroom
• 2 total beds
• Accommodates up to 3 guests
• Fresh linens, extra pillows, and blankets
• Room-darkening shades
• Closet and dresser storage

🛁 Bathroom: Enjoy a spacious modern bathroom with a double vanity, large shower, shampoo, conditioner, body soap, shower gel, hair dryer, hot water, fresh towels, and essential toiletries.

💻 Workspace & Connectivity: Stay connected with free Wi-Fi and a dedicated workspace, making the suite convenient for remote work and longer stays.

🌊 Lake & Outdoor Area: Enjoy beautiful lake views through the trees, access to Old Hickory Lake, a private balcony, shared wooded backyard, outdoor furniture, dining space, fire pit, BBQ grill, and access to a canoe and paddle board for outdoor adventures.

Guest access
Guests will have exclusive access to their private suite, including:

🔑 Private entrance

🛏️ Private bedroom

🛁 Spacious bathroom

🛋️ Sitting area

🍽️ Kitchenette and dining area

🌅 Private balcony

💻 Dedicated workspace

🚗 Free on-site parking

Other things to note
🔔 Reminder: If checking in on August 28, please be aware there may be a slight delay due to scheduled maintenance painting on the steps leading to the unit.

We’ll need to make sure the paint is fully dry before access, so please check with us before arrival. 

🌟 Property Layout & Shared Spaces🌟

🏡 Shared Property: This is a multi-unit property with other guest accommodations connected to the home. Each unit has its own private entrance and private living space, so guests can enjoy their accommodations independently. Other units may be occupied during your stay.
🔇 Privacy & Sound: The suite has a strong natural sound buffer (separated by the laundry, kitchen, and bathroom), though faint household sounds may occasionally be heard.
🪜 Stairs & Access: Your private entrance is located on the back deck and is accessed via 14 outdoor stairs (standard stair case). Please keep this in mind if you are traveling with heavy luggage!
🌅 Outdoor Spaces: Includes a private deck and balcony! Please note that the screened-in porch is reserved exclusively for the main house guests (a privacy screen divides the areas).

🌟Lake & Outdoor Equipment🌟

🌊 Lake Access: Scenic walk down to the wooded lakefront shoreline.
🛶 Water Sports Equipment: Guests have access to 1 canoe, 1 paddle board, oars, and life jackets.
👟 Pro Tip: We strongly recommend bringing water shoes for comfort and safety while swimming or boating.

Property Quirks & Non-Operational Features
🛁 Bathroom Tub Notice: Please note that the bathtub/jacuzzi is not available for guest use. Due to previous misuse, use of the jacuzzi tub is not permitted for Airbnb guests. 
🧺 Housekeeping Laundry: Clean housekeeping linens may occasionally be in the shared dryer upon arrival. Simply move them aside to use the dryer (no folding needed). Please do not use these linens, as your fresh set is in your suite.

🌟Exterior, Maintenance & Fees🌟

🐕 Occasional Dog on Property: A large, friendly dog lives on the wider property. If you prefer no interaction or have a fear of dogs, please inform us prior to booking.
📦 Deliveries & Support: Occasional maintenance packages may arrive on-site, and we may ask for assistance bringing them inside.
⏰ Early Check-In / Late Check-Out: Available upon request (subject to availability) for a $50 fee (includes early/late luggage drop-off).
🚜 Trailers: Parking for trailers requires pre-approval prior to arrival.
💳 Security Deposit: A refundable deposit may be requested based on booking details and past reviews.
🚫 Boats, Trailers & Large Vehicles: Boats, trailers, and large trucks are not permitted on the property without prior owner approval.
🔌 Charging & Electrical Use: Charging boats, vehicles, batteries, or other equipment using the property’s electricity is not allowed without prior permission. Cords may not be run through doors, walkways, or parking areas. If approved, an additional convenience fee may apply to cover electricity usage.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Elite Stay
Host User ID: 11849086
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/11849086
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I am a Nashville native with 30 years working in management in the hospitality and service industry.  I also happen to love people.

I believe it is always important to treat others as you wish to be treated. I love to travel and I love good food and wine and fun things to do with groups of people, and I have always appreciated those friends who have guided me in the cities and countries where I have visited/lived.  

I have always made it my goal to discover the best food at the best restaurants, but then also discover that "hole in the wall" that has amazing food and a fun atmosphere for a fraction of the cost.  

Born and raised in Nashville, I love my city and I love to share it with others.  
I provide recommendations of the best bars and restaurants and I am always available to answer the phone to help you with whatever you need.
My work: Recreation/Hospitality Industry
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
4781 reviews
4.83 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting