URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1776222922521262057
Latitude: 36.0336
Longitude: -86.7987
rental_type: Room in hotel
property_type: HOTEL
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Brentwood, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Just off I-65, this hotel is conveniently located just ten minutes south of downtown Nashville. You're within easy reach of local favorites like the Country Music Hall of Fame, Nashville Zoo, Broadway, Vanderbilt University, and the Adventure Science Center.
Relax by the seasonal outdoor pool, and join us for our complimentary Wednesday evening social. Every stay includes free daily hot breakfast, Wi-Fi, and a warm welcome for your pets.

The space
✨ Why Book Our Official Listing?

✔ Close to Downtown Nashville – Just ten minutes south of Music City’s energy, live music, and iconic attractions.

✔ Complimentary Parking – Save big with free parking, a rare perk near the city.

✔ Pet-Friendly – Bring your furry family members along for the adventure—no need for a sitter.

✔ Free Hot Breakfast – Wake up to a delicious spread served daily—always included.


✨ Your One Bedroom Suite with Two Double Beds

▶ Our spacious suite is designed for up to 6 guests, offering a perfect blend of style and convenience.


▶ Sleeping Arrangements

✔ Two Double Beds with a comfortable Serta Sweet Dreams Mattress

✔ Sofa Bed in Separate Living Area


▶ Room Highlights

✔ Sitting area

✔ Living room

✔ Kitchen with refrigerator, microwave, dishwasher, two-burner cooktop and utensils

✔ Dining area

✔ Flat-screen TV

✔ Air conditioning

✔ Hairdryer


✨ Unmatched Hotel Amenities

▶ Beyond your room, indulge in amazing hotel amenities:

✔  Outdoor Pool – Take a refreshing dip or soak up the sun in a relaxing open-air setting.

✔  Fitness Center – Keep your workout routine on track with modern cardio and strength equipment.

✔  On-Site Laundry – Handle your laundry needs easily and conveniently without leaving the property.

✔  Complimentary Evening Social (Wednesdays) – Unwind midweek with free drinks and light bites in a welcoming atmosphere.

Guest access
24/7 service, always ready to welcome you.

Other things to note
✨Prime Brentwood/Nashville Location

▶ Featuring a prime downtown location near Nashville’s best attractions, this hotel puts you within walking distance of city's top attractions:

✔ Uncover the enigma behind "The Man in Black" with a visit to The Johnny Cash Museum

✔ Admire finest visual art from local, state, and regional artists, as well as major US and international exhibits at the First Art Museum

✔  Enjoy a fun atmosphere with top-notch performances at Tootsie's "World Famous" Orchid Lounge on Broadway

✔  Peruse the plaques dedicated to country music's finest – from Patsy Cline to Reba McEntire to Alan Jackson – and walk among artifacts like Johnny Cash's guitar and Elvis Presley's "solid gold" Cadillac limo at Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum

✔  Take a tour at Nelson's Green Brier Distillery if you are a fan of Tennessee whiskey and bourbon

✔  Admire  greenhouses, sculpture trails and chromatic flower displays, at the 55-acre Botanical Garden Cheekwood Estate & Gardens, which offers a sanctuary from downtown's bustle. The garden comprises multiple distinct gardens, including one dedicated to boxwoods, another focused on dogwoods, a rose garden, a Japanese garden, an herb garden and one intended to inspire writing that features a small amphitheater for literary events


✨Additional Details

✔ Check-in: 4:00 PM | Check-out: 11:00 AM

✔ Must be 21+ to book. Only the guest listed on the reservation may check in.

✔ An incidental deposit of $50+tax per stay is required at arrival. This will be collected by credit card. You should be reimbursed within 7 days of check-out. Your deposit will be refunded in full by credit card, subject to an inspection of the property.

✔ Complimentary on site parking available

✔ Pet-Friendly: Enjoy a pet-friendly stay with us! We welcome your furry companions, ensuring they can join you on your getaway. Please note that a non-refundable pet fee of $75 + tax per stay for 1-4 nights and a fee of $125 + tax per stay for 5+ nights, applies to ensuring a comfortable experience for both guests and pets. Maximum 2 pets per room. Maximum pet weight 75 lbs. Only dogs and cats are allowed.

✔ Complimentary daily breakfast available from 6:30-10:00 am 

✔  Services: Reception 24 Hours, Baggage storage, Express check-in/check-out

❗ IMPORTANT NOTE: Guests who do not check in as scheduled will be considered a no‑show.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Homewood Suites Nashville-Brentwood TN
Host User ID: 703764055
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/703764055
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
1 year hosting
70 reviews
4.47 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting