URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1638670113659853654
Latitude: 36.1542
Longitude: -86.7757
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Cozy 615, a thoughtfully prepared ninth-floor retreat in SoBro. Walk five minutes to Broadway, Music City Center, and Bridgestone Arena, with Nissan Stadium nearby. 

Recharge in a stylish space for up to five guests, yes, five! Enjoy a well-equipped kitchen, fast WiFi, workspace, rooftop pool, fitness center, and resident lounge.

Questions before booking? Message us. We’d be happy to help plan your Nashville stay! 

Airbnb Permit #: T2022056594

The space
Welcome to The Cozy 615, a thoughtfully prepared one-bedroom retreat in the heart of Nashville’s SoBro neighborhood. Walk just five minutes to Broadway, enjoy concerts and events at nearby venues, and return to a comfortable ninth-floor home base when you’re ready to recharge.

Rest and Recharge

Settle into the private bedroom’s plush queen bed or relax on the queen-size sleeper sofa. A twin-size air mattress creates sleeping space for a fifth guest, allowing your group to stay together comfortably.

A playpen is also provided to make traveling with a little one easier. Fresh towels, bathroom essentials, comfortable bedding, and thoughtful touches will be ready for your arrival.

Feel at Home

Start your morning with complimentary coffee, prepare breakfast before exploring Nashville, or warm up your favorite leftovers after a night downtown. The well-equipped kitchen includes cookware, utensils, dinnerware, a refrigerator, microwave, and coffee maker.

Additional comforts include:

• High-speed WiFi
• Smart TV
• Dedicated workspace
• In-unit washer and dryer
• Modern bathroom with guest essentials

Enjoy the Building

Take a refreshing dip in the rooftop pool, keep up with your routine in the fitness center, or relax in the resident lounge. Shared coworking and lounge areas also give you more room to work, gather, or enjoy a change of scenery.

Explore SoBro

Step outside and experience some of Nashville’s most popular destinations on foot:

• Approximately five minutes to Broadway
• Walkable to Music City Center
• Close to Bridgestone Arena
• Minutes from Nissan Stadium
• Surrounded by restaurants, bars, live music, and entertainment

Stay Productive and Settle In

Open your laptop at the dedicated workspace, connect to fast WiFi, and take advantage of the building’s shared coworking areas. When the workday ends, leave your computer behind and walk straight into the energy of Nashville.

The well-equipped kitchen, in-unit laundry, comfortable living areas, and calmer ninth-floor setting also make it easy to unpack, establish a routine, and feel at home throughout a longer stay.

Guest access
Make the entire apartment your private home base throughout your stay. Unpack, settle in, and enjoy the space at your own pace.

Step beyond the apartment to enjoy Sentral SoBro’s shared rooftop pool, fitness center, resident lounge, lobby, and remote-work areas.

These shared amenities are managed by Sentral SoBro, so availability, operating hours, maintenance, and temporary closures may change without notice. Although we cannot guarantee access or provide refunds solely because an amenity is unavailable, Bianca is always happy to answer questions and help however possible during your stay.

Other things to note
We’ve made arrival and departure as easy as possible, giving you more time to enjoy Nashville from beginning to end.

Complimentary Luggage Storage

Drop your luggage with Sentral SoBro’s 24-hour front desk before check-in or after checkout, then head out to explore Nashville without carrying your bags.

Explore on Foot

Step outside and walk to Broadway, Music City Center, restaurants, live music, and many of downtown Nashville’s most popular attractions. Leave the car behind and experience the city from the heart of SoBro.

Secure Garage Parking

Bring your car into Sentral SoBro’s secure garage and park in a designated space for $35 per night. The space is conveniently located just a short walk from the lobby entrance, making it easy to unload, settle in, and begin your stay.

Message Bianca through the Airbnb app before arrival to reserve parking and have it added to your reservation.

A Little Extra Time

Start your Nashville stay earlier or enjoy a little more time before heading home:

• Early check-in beginning at 1:00 p.m. for $50
• Late checkout until 12:00 p.m. for $50

Message Bianca through the Airbnb app in advance to request either option. Approval depends on the surrounding reservations and the time our cleaning team needs to prepare the apartment, so your request is confirmed once you receive approval through the app.

A Note About Building Amenities

Enjoy Sentral SoBro’s shared amenities throughout your stay. These spaces are managed by the building, so operating hours, seasonal availability, maintenance, and temporary closures may change without notice. We cannot guarantee access or provide refunds solely because an amenity is unavailable, but Bianca is always happy to answer questions and help however possible.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lisa
Host User ID: 750723967
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/750723967
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, I'm Lisa! I love welcoming guests to Nashville and helping them experience everything this amazing city has to offer. Whether you're here for the music, food, or a special event, I hope The Cozy 615 feels like your home away from home during your stay.
My work: Hospitality
Fun fact: I enjoy bringing people together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
6 months hosting
30 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
6 months of hosting