URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1039766953929426065
Latitude: 36.1379
Longitude: -86.8924
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Attached to the back of our home, this separate entrance, mother-in-law suite in West Nashville offers a 700 sq foot space that includes one bedroom with a queen memory foam mattress, living room, bathroom with double sinks, rain shower,  kitchenette, table for two, dedicated work space, high speed wifi & parking for 1. We are within walking distance to a grocery store, several restaurants, 10 miles from downtown, and easy access to I-40.  Our unit is professionally cleaned. Permit #2024001398

The space
Discover comfort and tranquility in our spacious suite, situated in the safe and relaxing neighborhood of Charlotte Park. Whether you're seeking a peaceful place to work or a cozy spot to hang out our suite provides the ideal environment for both. * No parties allowed. * 

Sofa bed in living area may accommodate extra guests for an additional fee. Please message for more information. 

Proximity to Downtown Excitement:
If you're ready to immerse yourself in the vibrant energy of Nashville, you're in luck! Our location offers close proximity to downtown (10 miles), where you can experience all the excitement and fun that the city has to offer. From live music to cultural attractions, the best of Nashville is just a short distance away. Ride share from our door to dwntwn is around $15-$20, plus or minus, depending on location and accounting for surge fares.

Kitchenette Essentials Provided:
We understand the importance of starting your day right, so we've stocked just enough supplies for you to prepare your morning coffee or tea and/or a simple meal. 

- Microwave
- Drip Coffee Pot and French Press 
- Fridge/freezer
- Electric Kettle
- Plates, cups, mugs, cutlery
- Cutting board and knives
- A starter supply of paper towels, dish soap provided, coffee and tea  

Local Culinary Delights:
While your kitchenette offers the convenience of home, Nashville's culinary scene is renowned for its diverse and delicious offerings. With an array of amazing restaurants just a stone's throw away, you may find that your kitchenette becomes an optional amenity during your stay. See our Guidebook for a list of some of our favorite places! 

Amenities:
Comfortable queen memory foam mattress
Spacious living room for relaxation
Large bathroom with double sinks, a rain shower, & a tankless hot water heater for endless hot water
Well-equipped kitchenette and dining area for two (Microwave, French press, drip coffee pot, electric tea kettle, plates, cups, cutlery, etc.) 
Dedicated workspace for business travelers
High-speed internet for seamless connectivity
Smart TV for entertainment 
Garment steamer (instead of an iron)
Mini split for temperature control 
Blackout curtains in the bedroom 
Large armoire and chest of drawers for storage
Record player with a small collection of records
Extra blankets for cozy nights

Guest access
Parking: For your convenience, we provide one designated parking spot right in front of the house, ensuring easy access and an stress-free experience. Once you park, you have a short walk behind the main house to your separate entrance. Please do not block the main driveway. We do not have room for trailers or second cars, however, there is street parking near the house, if needed. 

Note on Noise:
As your space shares a wall with our home, you may occasionally hear slight noise, as you would in any building with shared walls. Rest assured, we've taken measures to soundproof the walls to minimize any disruptions to your peace and quiet. To further enhance your privacy, we also provide sound machines in both the bedroom and living room, allowing you to create a serene and tranquil atmosphere according to your preferences.

Other things to note
House Rules:

We're thrilled to host you in our Airbnb. To ensure a pleasant stay for everyone, please take a moment to review and adhere to the following house rules:

No Smoking: Smoking or vaping is strictly prohibited inside and outside the suite. There will be a $400.00 additional cleaning fee added for violations of this policy. This covers the fee for Ozone Cleaning. We value a smoke free environment both for ourselves and all future guests.  

This home’s environment is monitored for temperature, cigarette, marijuana and vape smoke to ensure guests have a pleasant stay and to ensure our neighbors are not disturbed.

Events/Parties: No parties or events are allowed. Please be mindful of our neighbors and keep noise levels to a minimum.

Pets: Unfortunately, we cannot accommodate pets at this time. Service animals will be accommodated with no added fee. A cleaning fee will be added for Emotional Support Animals, per Airbnb guidelines. 

Guest Limit: The reservation is for two guests. Additional guests are not allowed without prior approval. There is a $25 per night fee added for a 3rd guest. 

Damages and Missing Items:
Any damages to the property or missing items will be charged accordingly.

Forgotten Items: There is a $25 plus the cost of shipping to mail back forgotten items. 

Respect for Neighbors:
Be considerate of our neighbors and maintain a respectful noise level, especially during late hours.

No candles please. 

Please only flush toilet paper down the toilet. 

Please only pour liquids down the sink, we do not have a disposal. 

Guest Safety and Security:
Your safety is of utmost importance to us, and we've taken measures to enhance security during your stay:

Motion Sensor Lights:
To ensure a well-lit and safe path from your vehicle to your door, we have installed motion sensor lights. These lights will automatically illuminate the way, providing both convenience and security.

Security Cameras:
For additional safety, we have security cameras positioned on the exterior of our home. It's essential to note that these cameras are focused on the outside areas and do not intrude on your privacy within the property. They serve as a proactive measure to maintain a secure environment for all guests.

Respecting Your Privacy:
We value your privacy and want you to feel comfortable during your stay. Rest assured that there are no security cameras inside the property, allowing you complete privacy within the confines of your accommodation.

Should you have any questions or concerns about these security measures, please feel free to reach out. Our priority is to provide you with a secure and enjoyable experience throughout your time in our home.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Travis And Jody
Host User ID: 549585464
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/549585464
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are Travis and Jody. A love of travel is one of many things that attracted us to each other and it has been an important part of our relationship ever since. We love meeting new people and exploring new places. We love a good cup of coffee, a good meal, and any outdoor adventure we can find. Canoeing, kayaking, backpacking, hiking, caving, camping, etc.
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
246 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting