URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/42024343
Latitude: 36.15365
Longitude: -86.85462
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
There’s more than meets the eye with this quaint 1950’s cottage located in the Nations. Located within 10 minutes of Downtown with quick access to the interstate. Inside the home, you will find the contemporary artwork of the homeowner—a Nashville native & photographer for 30+ years. While the walls are aesthetically pleasing, you also will have all of the comforts of home you will need for your stay. If you are bringing your pet, please contact us before booking.

The space
The bedroom has a king sized bed and has a large closet for storage. A high quality air mattress can be made available if an additional bed is requested. Wifi is available. TV with access for your Netflix, Hulu, or Prime Video (no cable, use your own log in). There is parking for two cars, and additional parking is available if needed. You will have the heart of the home to yourself, including the master bedroom; the upstairs and detached garage are not included in the rental (these areas just contain our personal belongings). 

You will be surrounded by beautiful, original art created by the homeowner. The real highlight of the home is the living room, which features Craig’s abstract photos of rust in his handmade custom metal frames. In this series, he has captured the remanence of materials which have been used to construct this booming city over the last three decades. The kitchen has retro accents and includes photos of vintage signs all taken with a 1950s camera.

BEFORE BOOKING WITH A PET, please let us know the breed/weight of your dog. We cannot accommodate cats. We allow one small dog; no large pets please. Pet fee will be required; please select “+1 pet” when you select the number of guests. We may consider a second pet with an additional fee. You will have to agree to our pet terms before we accept your booking request. We do love fur babies, but we request they do not get on the furniture. They also *must* be crated when left at the house alone—no exceptions. The yard is only partially fenced. 

We ask our guests to be respectful of our neighbors, some of whom have lived in the neighborhood for 40+ years. If a disturbance is reported at the property, you will be subject to vacating the property and you will forfeit any fees. No parties, glitter, confetti,  vaping, smoking or burning of candles or incense inside the house. Smoking is permitted on the back patio but please dispose your cigarette butts properly. Not 420 friendly. Subject to a cleaning fee of $250 for any smell of smoke inside the home. 

The home is quiet, but it is located near the interstate and you can hear traffic sometimes. This has not been an issue for our guests. We provide a sounds machine to help muffle any outside sound. 

Minimum night stay is 2-nights. We expect all guests to follow a checkout procedure upon departure.

Local guests must have positive reviews to be approved. Only 1 local guest-no local couples.  Local guests may not have visitors on the property.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the main living areas of the house, except for a locked closet in the living room, a locked room off of the kitchen and the garage, which all have our personal belongings.

Other things to note
Ask us about early check-ins or late check-outs if needed. We will do our best to accommodate you!

Same day booking requests are not guaranteed to be immediately available for check-in. We will need to confirm with you that it is available and at what time. 

For guests staying >1 week, we provide an initial supply of things like toilet paper, paper towels, dish soap, hand soap, etc. After that initial stock runs out, you will need to provide your own supplies.

Must be 21 to rent per Nashville codes.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jennifer
Host User ID: 26050730
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/26050730
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
We are happily married and enjoy traveling to new places together. We hope to make your trip to Nashville as enjoyable as possible! We want it to feel like your home away from home. 

Jenny is a psychiatric clinical pharmacist at a local hospital, and Craig is a fine art photographer who travels to art festivals around the country. His artwork is featured in our home so you’ll be staying in a mini-art gallery!
Born in the 70s
Where I went to school: Undergrad: U of Alabama. Grad-UT Memphis
Response rate: 100%
Responds within a few hours
Superhost
7 years hosting
103 reviews
4.95 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting