URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1735897678581600969
Latitude: 36.1779
Longitude: -86.7893
rental_type: Entire serviced apartment
property_type: SERVICED_APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 12
beds: 15
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Give everyone room to recharge while keeping the celebration together at The Magnolia. Your reservation includes homes 4, 5 and 6, totaling 3 private units with 12 bedrooms, 15 beds, and 9 bathrooms. Each newly renovated home has its own full kitchen and stylish living spaces, making the setup ideal for reunions, wedding groups, milestone celebrations, and group trips. Meet in the shared courtyard, then explore Germantown restaurants and Nashville live music just minutes away.

The space
Welcome to The Magnolia—your stylish Nashville headquarters in the heart of Germantown.

Less than 5 minutes from downtown Nashville

Family-friendly and work-from-home ready
Fresh, modern interiors
Fully equipped kitchen
In-unit laundry
Peaceful shared courtyard
Restaurants, boutiques, bars, and live music nearby
The space

The Magnolia combines the space and comfort of home with a location that makes exploring Nashville remarkably easy—which is exactly how a vacation should work.

Inside, you’ll find polished modern furnishings, comfortable gathering spaces, a fully equipped kitchen, and in-unit laundry. Step outside for coffee or a little fresh air in the shared courtyard before heading into the city.

Located in historic Germantown, The Magnolia is surrounded by red-brick buildings, restored Victorian architecture, converted warehouses, independent boutiques, and some of Nashville’s best restaurants. Try the brisket at Butchertown Hall, order oysters at Henrietta Red, then make your way downtown for live music. Broadway is less than five minutes away, so the evening can be as refined—or delightfully unrefined—as you choose.

Please note that individual layouts and design details may vary slightly from the photos shown. Every residence is maintained to the same standards of comfort, quality, and style. If you have questions about your specific accommodations, our team is happy to help.

Hospitality by The Notable Collection

Your stay is hosted by The Notable Collection, where thoughtful service and memorable stays are very much the point.

Need help preparing for your arrival or celebrating something special? Reach out to our team. We’ll be happy to assist with available services and local recommendations to make your Nashville stay even more notable.

Other things to note:

Home truths
A sleeper sofa is included in the advertised occupancy.
Pets are welcome for an additional fee of $150 and must be disclosed before arrival.

Undisclosed pets may result in a $500 charge per pet.

Because residences may vary slightly in layout and décor, your assigned space may not be identical to the one shown in every photo.

Parking
Limited parking is available in the small lot behind the building on a first-come, first-served basis.

The rear parking lot is accessed from the alley off 5th Avenue.
Street parking is also available.

House rules and disclosures
Smoking is not permitted inside or outside the property. Violations are subject to a $300 fine.

Occupancy and noise limits are strictly enforced. Violations may result in fines.
Identification and a security deposit may be requested after booking when applicable.
Credit card fraud will be reported and may be prosecuted.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: The Notable Collection
Host User ID: 699711821
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/699711821
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
2514 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting