URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1684397764471456375
Latitude: 36.2016
Longitude: -86.7517
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Rhett by AvantStay, a stylish Nashville unit with warm modern design, an open living area, chef-inspired kitchen, and easy access to East Nashville dining, Broadway, downtown, Nissan Stadium, the Ryman, and the Grand Ole Opry.

3 Bedrooms | 3.5 Bathrooms | Sleeps 8

🎶 Music-inspired design + bright interiors
🍽️ Large kitchen island + dining space
📍 Near Broadway, stadiums + Nashville nightlife

The space
Rhett at the Cherokees brings polished, design-forward energy to East Nashville — a three-bedroom townhome where warm contemporary interiors, a true chef's kitchen, and a record player ready for a spin set the tone for a Music City stay that lives up to the city's name. At 1,740 square feet across multiple levels, the home gives a group of ten room to spread out without losing the easy togetherness that makes Nashville trips memorable in the first place.

The main floor opens into a bright, open-concept living, dining, and kitchen layout — sectional seating arranged around a mounted TV and that aforementioned record player, a long dining table for eight beneath a statement chandelier, and a chef's kitchen with quartz counters, white shaker cabinets, stainless appliances, and a wide island for morning coffee or pre-honky-tonk cocktails. Gallery walls, designer lighting, and curated art give the home a personality that punches well above the typical rental aesthetic.⠀

Three bedrooms sleep up to ten across the upper levels. The primary suite anchors the home with a king bed, a patterned accent wall, and a private ensuite with a tiled walk-in shower. A second bedroom holds two full beds — ideal for friends sharing or a family with older kids — and the third offers a queen. Three full bathrooms plus a half bath mean nobody's waiting in line for the shower before a Broadway night.

Cleveland Park, the East Nashville neighborhood Rhett calls home, is the kind of pocket Nashville locals love — quiet residential streets, a quick drive to Five Points for coffee at Barista Parlor and dinner at Lockeland Table, and a 10-minute hop across the river to Broadway, Nissan Stadium, and the heart of downtown. Germantown and its restaurant scene sit just over the bridge to the west, and Shelby Park and the Cumberland River greenway are minutes away when the city pace needs a pause.

The garage fits two compact cars or one SUV, with additional first-come, first-served on-site parking — a real perk in East Nashville, where street parking can be a sport. Pour a drink, drop the needle, and let Nashville do what Nashville does.

Need more space? The home is one of 7 similar units at Cherokee.  Photos feature our layout and furnishings, specific designs may vary.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Vibrant nightlife, country music, and an over-the-top culinary scene? It's true and it's no wonder people rave about "Nashvegas" as a top spot for simply having a good time. Bar hop down Broadway Street to dance to live music at multi-level bars serving up BBQ, or do like the vintage-clad locals do and lay back in East Nashville. You might pass party bikes on your drive-in, so make sure to cheer them on because having fun is part of the culture in Music City!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Stays of under 24 hours are not allowed 
- Please be aware that this home is located near a busy highway, which may be noisy at times
- No recreational vehicles, buses, or trailers shall be visible on the street or on the property
- Please be aware that there are connectivity issues with the Wi-Fi due to the location of this home.
- This home allows pets for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note our occupancy includes an additional two beyond bed count. Trifold floor mattresses and additional linens can be provided upon request.

Parking Details:
The parking garage can fit two compact cars or one SUV.
There is also additional parking on site that is first come first serve.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

STRP-202-000-5540

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting