URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/31536755
Latitude: 36.16714
Longitude: -86.74814
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Dolly-inspired Pink Wonderland designed for unforgettable bachelorette & girls trips 💕 Get ready in the iconic glam room, unwind in the cozy theater room and enjoy your private butterfly mural on the deck. Just 5 minutes to Broadway’s honky tonks! Featuring disco ball, party lights, karaoke, fire pit + hammocks. Sleeps 5–6 with parking for 3–4 cars.

The space
Wake up in ultra-comfortable pillow-top beds with crisp, clean sheets in this Dolly-inspired pink retreat. Original hardwood floors, signature wallpaper, and playful musical touches bring Nashville charm throughout the home. 

Step outside to your private deck overlooking a spacious backyard with a cozy fire pit and hammocks — perfect for morning coffee or late-night hangs under the stars.

The renovated kitchen features modern white cabinetry, matte black finishes, and stainless steel appliances — fully equipped for everything from coffee to small group meals. 

The main upstairs area has been converted to the ultimate "Sleepover" setup. It features a 55” smart TV (HBO, Hulu, Netflix, Amazon, YouTube) and the large L-shaped daybed + trundle offers flexible sleeping and a comfortable lounge space close to the main bathroom. There are two twin beds and one double bed in this room, which sleeps four. Stylish black and white curtains and throw pillows and black and white photography with gold accents.

Enjoy multiple outdoor hangout areas designed for relaxing and socializing:
• Large deck with sectional seating
• Backyard fire pit framed by hammocks
• Small, covered lounge area with swinging chairs

Perfect for pregame drinks, group hangs, or winding down after a night out. There is an exterior entrance to the basement under the deck and also an interior doorway at the bottom of the spiral stairs. 

💄 Lower Level (Fan Favorite)
• Cozy theater room 🎬
• Glam room with 4 vanities + mirrors ✨
• Additional lounge area with couch + TV
• Mini fridge for convenience while getting ready for your big, night out!

This space is ideal for getting ready, hanging out or hosting your own private movie night.

Inside the house; the upper level is the kitchen, laundry, bathroom, dining, bedroom and main upstairs "Sleepover" setup area and spaces. The lower level is a walkout basement is a theater room, a glam room/dressing room with four vanities, an additional couch/TV area, mini fridge and two additional, separate vanities. We did this at the request of many prior guests who suggested that combining sleeping areas into one level near the bathroom and lounge/glam areas into one level would be a better flow, even if it's a bit different than normal. 

⚠️ Good to Know
• Spiral staircase is slightly steep
• Basement ceiling height is approx. 6’5”
• Firewood not provided
• Propane not guaranteed (but often available)

Some of the best things come in small packages!

Guest access
Guests have access to bedrooms, bathroom, newly renovated kitchen, back deck, backyard and living areas. Guests are provided private driveway parking spots. Guests are not permitted in the locked basement storage areas. We do not provide firewood. We cannot guarantee propane for the fire pit table, but we do try to provide it for guests within reason.

Other things to note
3 Night Bookings on Weekends are Preferred! Washer and Dryer available for BnB use; however, due to quick turn around times, you may occasionally find clean, dry sheets in the dryer. We do all the laundry on-site and ask guests to start the washer w/ their towels to help speed up our turn-around times. Firewood is not provided. Propane for firepit table is not guaranteed, but we do try to keep it available within reason.  

You will be asked to provide a photo of your driver’s license, ID or passport for all adults staying on the property during your stay. This is for security and safety reasons. If you’re unable to do so shortly after booking, your reservation may be cancelled.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Bailee
Host User ID: 38370540
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/38370540
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi, my name is Bailee and I am a songwriter in Nashville. I am not a real estate developer or hotel with a bunch of listings, which means that when you stay at my house, you are helping a true local. My goal is to make my AirBnb and your experience the best it possibly can. The money that I make through AirBnb is what allows me to make music full-time and it is all thanks to guests like you. 

When you book my little pink cottage, you are helping me pay for demos, travel to gigs and save money for future updates to my house. How cool is that? 

I have lived in Nashville for almost 8 years and I can give you recommendations to the coolest spots.
Born in the 90s
My work: Small Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
556 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting