URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1091261085576645030
Latitude: 36.1535
Longitude: -86.7546
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Massive Skyline Sanctuary! 🌇

Elevate your Nashville experience in this stunning top-floor corner suite! Boasting a private terrace nearly as large as the condo itself, you’ll enjoy unblocked skyline views and premium outdoor lounging. Located in the modern NEO building, you're just steps from Broadway’s neon lights. Features a King bed + custom built-in bunks (sleeps 6), a massive private patio, and a fitness center. Strictly No Pets. The ultimate Music City home base! 

STRP# 2024#002211

The space
Your Massive Skyline Sanctuary! 🌇✨
Elevate your Nashville experience in this stunning top-floor corner suite! Boasting a private terrace nearly as large as the condo itself, you’ll enjoy unblocked skyline views and premium outdoor lounging. Located in the modern NEO building, you're just steps from Broadway’s neon lights. Features a King bed + custom built-in bunks (sleeps 6), rooftop, and gym. Strictly No Pets. The ultimate Music City home base! 🎸🏊‍♀️

STRP# 2024#002211

Welcome to the Downtown Sky Loft! 🎻
Experience Nashville from the top! This isn't just another downtown apartment; it’s an executive-style retreat designed for those who want to be in the middle of it all without sacrificing space or style. Located on the top floor of the prestigious NEO building, this light-filled corner unit offers nearly 650 sq ft of luxury interior space, flowing seamlessly onto a massive private balcony that doubles your living area.

💎 The NEO Advantage:

The Sky Terrace: A private outdoor oasis featuring panoramic views of the downtown skyline. Perfect for morning coffee or sunset cocktails before heading to Broadway.

Elite Building Amenities: Enjoy a professional fitness center and a chic community rooftop.

Smart Logistics for Groups: While most 1BRs stop at 4 guests, our custom built-in bunks allow your group of 6 to stay together in style and comfort.

🛏️ Beds & Bedrooms Breakdown:

Primary Bedroom: 1 Plush King Bed (Top-floor privacy and high-end linens).

Living Area: 1 Custom Built-in Bunk Bed (2 Twin beds) + 1 Comfortable Queen Sleeper Sofa.

Bathroom: 1 Modern Full Bathroom with designer fixtures and luxury starter soaps.

🛡️ Seamless & Secure Group Check-In:

Keyless Latch App Entry: No physical keys to share or lose. Use the Latch app for 24/7 seamless access to the building and your unit.

Secure On-Site Parking: Skip the expensive downtown garages—we include secure parking for your stay.

Contactless Arrival: Check-in anytime after 3 PM. Perfect for staggered group arrivals or late-night check-ins.

📍 Local Favorites & Tips: Your Insider 20

Grocery & Shops: 
1. Turnip Truck (The Gulch): Local organic grocer for high-end supplies (1.1 miles). 🛒
2. Fifth + Broadway: Massive shopping and dining complex right in the heart of downtown.

Dining & Brunch: 
3. The Southern Steak & Oyster: High-end Southern fare just blocks away.
4. Liberty Common: A stunning French-inspired cafe for a sophisticated brunch.
5. Hattie B’s Hot Chicken: The world-famous staple is just a quick Uber away. 🔥
6. Assembly Food Hall: Over 30 local eateries under one roof.
7. Crema Coffee Roasters: Simply the best coffee in the city, located nearby.

Nightlife & Sips: 
8. Robert’s Western World: The most authentic honky-tonk on Broadway. 🤠
9. L.A. Jackson: A trendy rooftop bar in The Gulch with incredible views.
10. Tootsie’s Orchid Lounge: A legendary must-visit for any Nashville first-timer.

Recreation & Landmarks: 
11. Country Music Hall of Fame: Explore the history of Music City (0.8 miles).
12. Bridgestone Arena: Home of the Predators and massive concerts (0.9 miles). 🏒
13. Ryman Auditorium: The "Mother Church of Country Music" (1.0 mile).
14. Nissan Stadium: Just a quick trip across the river for Titans games. 🏈
15. The Gulch: Famous for the "Wings" mural and high-end shopping (0.9 miles).
16. Music City Center: Nashville's massive convention center (0.7 miles).
17. Shelby Park Golf Course: A great 18-hole course only 3 miles away. ⛳
18. Third Man Records: Jack White's famous record store and studio.
19. Ascend Amphitheater: Beautiful outdoor music venue on the riverfront.
20. Broadway (1.2 miles): We recommend a 5-min Uber, but it's a pleasant 20-min walk for those who enjoy the city air!

🐾 Pet Policy:
This property is a strictly pet-free environment to ensure a pristine and allergen-free experience for all our guests. 🚫🐕

You will have 24/7 access to your unit using the latch keyless entry app along with the gym, community rooftop and parking.

We are not located on the property, but we are available anytime you need us!

We are located just over a mile south of downtown. We recommend taking a quick less than 5 min uber/lyft, but for those who dont mind its around 20-30 min walk.

Uber and Lyft are available 24hrs a day.

We also do have free parking on the property for one vehicle

We want our guests to have a great time while in Nashville, but if any of the following happen we will have to charge a minimum of $150

1- We reserve the right to charge a minimum of $150 additional for any vomit or urine that has to be cleaned up or is in towels or bedding.
2- There will  be a minimum of $150 fine for smoking  of any kind inside of the property.
3 - Damage to any items or the property itself.

Please note that we are unable to offer refunds outside of our established refund policy. We highly recommend purchasing travel insurance for added protection.

🔑 Please note, we only provide a starter set of guest amenities:

2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom

2 rolls of paper towels

1 cleaning sponge

A handful of K-cups or a small bag of coffee grounds

We’re excited to host you and make your Nashville experience unforgettable! ✨ Let us know how we can make your stay even better.

Additional Information: Our property is located in the city, there’s a possibility of experiencing some ambient city noise — such as trains, buses, cars, or general street activity and other ambient city noises

Guest access
You will have 24/7 access to your unit using the latch keyless entry app along with the gym, community rooftop and parking.

Other things to note
Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

* 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
* 2 rolls of paper towels
* 1 cleaning sponge
* A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Harley
Host User ID: 70801117
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/70801117
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Nashville is home base — for 7 years we've welcomed guests to stylish homes across the Gulch, 12 South, and Broadway, built for bachelorette weekends, football tailgates, and Music City getaways. With a 4.85 rating, 4,300+ reviews, and Superhost status, we focus on fast communication and spotless, well-stocked homes.

We love discovering new places ourselves, which is why we're excited to share ours. When we're not hosting, we're usually traveling — one map pin at a time.
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: Utah
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
4536 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting