URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1358856757367371302
Latitude: 36.1549
Longitude: -86.7754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in the heart of Nashville's SoBro district at this upscale 2BR/2BA apartment just steps from Broadway, Bridgestone Arena, and the Country Music Hall of Fame. Sleeping up to 8 guests, this stylish retreat features a gourmet kitchen, private balcony, king suite, Smart TVs, and access to premium amenities including a resort-style pool, sky lounge, fitness center, yoga studio, and climbing wall. Perfect for families, groups, and Music City getaways.

The space
Upscale Nashville Retreat in SoBro

Welcome to your stylish Nashville getaway in the heart of SoBro. Designed for comfort, convenience, and group travel, this modern 2-bedroom apartment places you within walking distance of Nashville's top attractions, live music venues, restaurants, and nightlife.

Sleeping Arrangements

🛏️ Primary Bedroom

King bed
Private en-suite bathroom

🛏️ Second Bedroom

Two queen beds

🛋️ Living Room

Sofa sleeper

👥 Accommodates up to 8 guests

Apartment Features

🍳 Gourmet kitchen with stainless steel appliances

✨ Quartz countertops and oversized kitchen island

📺 Smart TV in the living area

🛋️ Spacious open-concept living and dining area

🌇 Private balcony with courtyard and pool views

🚿 Two full bathrooms

📶 High-speed WiFi

Building Amenities

🏊 Resort-style pool

💪 Two-level fitness center

🧘 Yoga studio

🧗 Climbing wall

🌆 Sky lounge with city views and workspaces

🔥 Outdoor fire pits and grilling areas

🚗 Parking available for $35/night

Nearby Attractions

🎸 Broadway – 10-minute walk

🏟️ Bridgestone Arena – 8-minute walk

🎶 Country Music Hall of Fame – 7-minute walk

🏈 Nissan Stadium – 5-minute drive

🍹 The Gulch – Minutes away

🛍️ 12 South – Short drive away

Permit #2018074607

Guest access
Guests will have full private access to the apartment and shared access to the building's amenities.

The property is keyless. Prior to arrival, you will receive instructions to download the LATCH App, which serves as your virtual key for accessing the apartment, building entrances, elevators, stairwells, amenities, and parking garage.

If you arrive before check-in or depart after check-out and need luggage storage, Baggage Bellhop is available onsite seven days a week from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM.

Please note that due to the property's prime downtown location, occasional city noise, public events, nearby construction, or temporary building amenity closures may occur.

Other things to note
Please note that building amenities such as the pool, fitness center, elevators, and common areas are managed by the building and may occasionally be unavailable due to maintenance or unforeseen circumstances. Refunds cannot be provided for temporary amenity closures.

Important Building Policies:

🚭 No smoking within 15 feet of the building.

🐾 No pets allowed.

🔇 Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM – 7:00 AM.

🍹 No glass permitted at the pool or surrounding pool balconies.

🗑️ Trash must be disposed of in designated trash chutes and may not be left outside the unit.

🚗 Parking rules are strictly enforced.

📹 Security cameras are located in common areas including the courtyard, parking areas, lobby, collective spaces, sky lounge, and pool.

🏢 Building amenities and common areas are shared with other residents and guests.

Violation of building policies may result in fines and removal from the property.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Greg
Host User ID: 79298514
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/79298514
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
My work: Healthcare
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
286 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting