URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/29685037
Latitude: 36.20283
Longitude: -86.61813
rental_type: Private room in home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: None
beds: 1
occupancy: 1
fields_status: missing: bedrooms
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Unplug at the House of Synchronicity, a curated 1964 mid-century haven near Andrew Jackson’s Hermitage. Ideal for solo travelers & academics. 10m to BNA Airport, 20m to Downtown.
Quiet, adults-only, distraction-free home (No TV/microwave/kids/pets). Private upper room: low platform Twin bed, 100% cotton linens (hypoallergenic washed), work desk, chair, dresser. Shared: living and dining rooms, kitchen, and main bathroom.
Host lives downstairs (off-limits). Free street parking & WiFi.

The space
Our space is the last century 3 bedroom house that features 1.5 bathrooms. The main floor of our home is welcome to guests. Each room has a door lock & key.
The bathroom has a vintage chest stocked with complimentary travel toiletries in case you forgot something.
We consider the living room a quiet reflective space with art and many travel mementos. This is a television free household ,but we do offer WI-FI access.
No pets of any kind are allowed.
NOTE: The temp set for 75F/24C in a summer and 69F/20.5C in a winter. No exceptions.

We actually do live here, so please ask permission to use the kitchen. I don’t mind sharing the refrigerator; just inform me that you need some space and  I will be happy to provide it. Please label your food.
Our house is full of light and serenity and I am glad to share it with our guests.

** This particular room is NOT STRICTLY set up for guests. It contains hosts clothing and personal items that may need to be retrieved throughout your stay, especially when extended. If such need arises, the guest will be notified. 
Please do not reserve this room if you take issue with this. Thank you!

Guest access
Please, park on a curb and do not block access to the driveway.  You may access the front door via the concrete walk at the side of the house. The front door may be accessed with a code that you will receive on your check-in date. The lower floor and backyard are not common areas.

During your stay
We are deeply grateful for ALL of our guests! We respect your complete privacy, but we also love to socialize whenever our schedules align. We are more than happy to help make your Nashville trip memorable, whether you need local recommendations, insider transit tips, or just a friendly chat on the main floor.

🗺️ Leave Your Mark: Interactive Traditions

We invite you to interact with our home and share a piece of your story! In the dining room, you will find two large wall maps—one of the United States and one of the World.

The Pin Tradition: We love tracking where our global community comes from. To keep your exact travels private, we invite you to place a pin marking your birthplace using the pin box resting on the US map.

Our Numismatic Collection: You will also notice a unique display of international paper bills and coins arranged across the world map. These are special currency souvenirs left behind by our previous global guests.

🕊️ A Gift For You (Origami Crane Project): As a special token of our appreciation, we are happy to fold a custom origami crane for you upon request. This crane serves as a token of your participation in a decade-long public art project solo-run by one of your hosts, who has lovingly crafted and gifted over 5,000 origami cranes to people all over the world!

Other things to note
⚠️ IMPORTANT HOUSE RULES & ACCOUNTABILITY
Please review these house guidelines thoroughly before reserving your stay:
No Third-Party Bookings: The person booking must be the actual guest staying.
Adults Only: Strictly no pets and no children permitted.
Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM – 9:00 AM. Late check-ins are welcome but must be done quietly.
No Electronic Distractions: No TV, microwave, or dishwasher provided.
No Indoor Smoking/Vaping: Smoking is permitted outside only; butts must be properly disposed of.
No use of perfume inside the house. We are very sensitive to smells. 
No Food in Bedrooms: All eating must be kept to the shared dining area.
No Shoes Inside: Please remove footwear at the door and use the provided shoe rack. We provide house slippers.
Climate Control: Please do not adjust the thermostat.
Do Not Chain the Door: Keep the main entrance secure but do not apply dead-chains.
No Mail Delivery: Guests are strictly prohibited from receiving post or packages at this address.
⏰ LOGISTICS & ADDITIONAL FEES
Standard Check-In: Free between 3:00 PM – 4:00 PM.
Early Check-In: Prior request and availability required. $10 per hour before 3:00 PM.
Late Check-Out: $15 per hour past standard check-out time.
Damaged Linens: Do not use towels/sheets for makeup or cleanups. $10 fee per damaged item.
Keys: Leave your room key in the lock at check-out. $15 fee for missing or damaged keys.

SHARED HOME DISCLOSURE
This room is located in a primary residence and is not entirely cleared out. It contains the host's personal clothing and items. The host may occasionally need to enter the room to retrieve items (especially during extended stays) and will always notify you in advance. Please do not book this space if you take issue with this arrangement.
Thank you!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Cleo
Host User ID: 223402751
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/223402751
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I love meeting people from our neighbors 2 towns over to our many international guests!
My work: Scientist
Most useless skill: origami
Speaks English and Russian
What makes my home unique: It is a TV-free local artist home.
What's for breakfast: Coffee and butterbrots
Response rate: 92%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
400 reviews
4.91 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting