URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1426392094913501858
Latitude: 36.1898
Longitude: -86.7728
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to  to our beautiful home in MUSIC CITY! This property is a beautiful 3 story town-home with 2 bedrooms minutes away from the center of downtown, top golf and Broadway! With the high end interior finish, the comfortable layout and the 3rd story deck with a view Nashville skyline this property will allow you to experience Nashville to the fullest. With the modern high end finishes and being 1.5 miles from downtown Nashville you cant go wrong with this lovely home.

The space
NOTE: After booking confirmation, you will receive a short pre-arrival form from property management to be completed prior to arrival.  

ACCESS TYPE:
▻ Guests have full access to the entire townhome, including all three floors, rooftop deck, and private amenities. 

SPACE LAYOUT:
1st Floor
▻ Family Room – Features a 55" HDTV, PS4 with games, Queen memory foam sleeper sofa, additional Queen air mattress available
▻ Kitchen – Fully equipped with granite countertops, stove, oven, microwave, refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, drip coffee maker
▻ Dining Area – Open layout with seating and counter space
▻ Bathroom – Half bath
▻ Laundry – Washer & dryer available

2nd Floor
▻ Bedroom 1 (Master) – Furnished with a King-sized bed, 55" HDTV, large walk-in closet, en-suite bathroom
▻ Bedroom 2 – Furnished with a Queen-sized bed, 39" HDTV, large closet
▻ Bathroom – Full hallway bathroom with modern finishes

3rd Floor
▻ Rooftop Lounge – Approx. 600 sq ft rooftop deck with seating and stunning downtown views
▻ Wet Bar – Includes a mini-fridge and serving space
▻ Views – Numerous windows with elevated skyline views

HIGHLIGHTS:
▻ 3-story townhome with high-end finishes
▻ Rooftop deck with stunning Nashville skyline view
▻ 1.5 miles from downtown, close to Broadway, Topgolf, and more
▻ Multiple HDTVs, PS4, and free WiFi
▻ Modern kitchen and spacious living areas

ACCESSIBILITY:
▻ Townhome includes stairs; no elevator
▻ Not wheelchair accessible

Guest access
PARKING: 
▻ There is one dedicated outdoor parking spot and free street parking is available.

ENTERING THE HOME: 
▻ The Home is Accessed Via Self Check-In Using a Smart Lock with a Unique Code Per Guest.

Other things to note
We take pride in offering a clean, comfortable, and welcoming space for your stay. The home is professionally cleaned and well-maintained, though minor signs of age may be present as this is a well-loved home rather than a hotel-style property. If anything needs attention, we’ll address it promptly to ensure a stress-free visit. We kindly ask that you treat the home as your own, and guests are responsible for any damages or loss, which should be reported immediately.

HOUSE RULES: 
▻ Please do not unplug any electronics that are currently connected. Unplugging devices may result in a $100 fee. 
▻ STRICTLY NO PARTIES, NO GATHERINGS, NO UNAUTHORIZED GUESTS, and a security deposit of $500 to $1,000 USD applies for local guest bookings. 
▻ Please observe quiet hours between 10 PM and 8 AM 
▻ Strictly No Smoking. Smoking of any kind, including cigarettes, cigars, e-cigarettes, vaping devices, or illegal substances, is prohibited anywhere in the property. Any violation may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund, plus a $500 smoking violation fee to cover additional cleaning and remediation costs. 
▻ Kindly keep noise and all activities neighbor-friendly, and avoid any community disturbance. Excessive noise, disruptive behavior, or any activity that disturbs the surrounding community may result in the immediate termination of your reservation without a refund plus a violation fee of $500. 
▻ Please ensure pets are cleaned up after.
▻ Visitors and unauthorized guests are generally NOT allowed. 

By booking this property, you agree to follow all rules and guidelines outlined in the listing. Failure to comply may result in a $500 fee, charged to the credit card used for the reservation. 

POLICIES: 
▻ Early Check-In – We’ll do our best to accommodate! Same-day requests depend on our cleaning team, and for future stays, the only guaranteed option is booking the prior night (if available). 
▻ Luggage Drop – Luggage drop may be accommodated before check-in, but it is not guaranteed and must be approved by the host in advance. Approval depends on availability, cleaning schedule, and whether the property is ready for access. 
▻ Late Check-Out – Late check-out is not guaranteed and requires host approval. Standard checkout applies unless approved. To guarantee a later stay, book the next night if available. Unauthorized late check-outs incurs violation fees.
▻ Package Delivery – We cannot guarantee safe or timely receipt of packages sent to the home. For reliability, we recommend using a local pick-up location or requesting doorstep delivery if sending items here.
▻ Pet Policy – We’re happy to welcome pets! A $140 non-refundable fee applies, plus $50 for each additional pet. This helps cover the extra deep cleaning to keep the home fresh for all guests. 

▻ Third-Party Bookings are NOT permitted. The person making the reservation must be the primary guest staying at the property. Reservations made on behalf of someone else may be canceled or terminated without a refund if they do not comply with this policy. 
▻ Mail Back Service - If you forget something, we can mail it back for a $50 fee (as long as it’s not an oversized item) 
▻ Cancellation - Cancellation refunds will be based on your booking's cancellation policy 
▻ There are exterior cameras installed above the front door, and at the back door. It is on and recording 24/7.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lauren
Host User ID: 661112899
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/661112899
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
1659 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting