URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1148129010736290767
Latitude: 36.1439
Longitude: -86.8196
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay near Vanderbilt and Belmont at The Amelia, just minutes to Broadway, 12 South, and Music Row.
- Modern 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom condo
- Each bedroom features a queen bed 
- Work-ready with high-speed WiFi and dedicated workspace
- Free parking for 2 cars in the community garage
- Elevator access in a rare condo building 
- Stylish, vibrant interiors throughout
- Close to trendy neighborhoods: 12 South, Hillsboro Village, and just less than 3 miles to Broadway and Nissan Stadium

The space
Escape to The Amelia, your vibrant Nashville retreat! Step into a world of bold, modern design where colorful accent walls, chic patterned wallpaper, and curated art create a truly unique and stylish atmosphere.

The open-concept living space invites you to relax, featuring a comfortable living room, a chic dining area, and a modern kitchen complete with an island. 

Key Features:
- Open-concept living, dining, and kitchen area.
-  Modern kitchen with island.
- Dedicated workspace with lightning-fast 119mbps WiFi.
- Two private bedrooms, each with a comfortable queen bed and its own ensuite bathroom for ultimate privacy.
- Primary suite features a stylish four-poster bed.
- Complimentary on-site washer and dryer available for your use.

Elevated Amenities for an Exceptional Stay:
- Dedicated workspace
- Free parking spot for 2 cars in the community parking garage
- Code secured garage, entry doors, and elevator
- 119mbps WiFi speed
- On-site washer and dryer are available for complimentary use during your stay.

Outdoor Bliss:
- Located within walking distance of Vanderbilt University and Centennial Park
- Enjoy free concerts or craft fairs at Centennial Park
- Explore the iconic Parthenon replica and beautiful gardens

Delightful Dining:
- Walk to nearby restaurants for al fresco dining
- Savor seasonal delights at local favorites

Long Term Living:
Looking for a comfortable, furnished home in Nashville for an extended stay? Whether you're a digital nomad, college student, or settling in as our newest neighbor, we've got you covered. If you're interested, feel free to reach out to learn more! Please take note that there is a refundable security deposit of $500 charged separately before check in for any reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and a deposit of $1,000 charged separately before check in for any reservations over 6 months.

Discover Nashville’s West End and Beyond:
Ideally situated near Vanderbilt and Belmont Universities, Centennial Park, and downtown Broadway, our West End condo places you close to Nashville’s top attractions and vibrant local favorite, an ideal home base for exploring the city.

STR Permit: 2023_followedby_013537

Guest access
Guests will have exclusive and private access to the entire two-bedroom condo during their stay.

Your reservation includes:
 Two free, dedicated parking spots in the secure community parking garage.
 Seamless and secure keyless entry with a unique door code for your stay.
Code-secured access to the parking garage, building entry doors, and elevator.

Other things to note
Welcome to our boutique hospitality experience, led by a close-knit team of husband-and-wife duo and their close friends. We've been making dream vacations come true since 2014 and we're thrilled to do the same for you! We choose our properties with care, only offering places we'd love to stay in ourselves. You'll find top local spots around each location and we're always ready to suggest the best picks tailored just for you.

Check-In: We provide a unique, custom door code for each stay for secure and easy keyless entry.
Guest Verification: All guests are required to complete a verification process after booking, which includes signing a liability agreement.
 Security: For your safety and peace of mind, the property is equipped with exterior security cameras.
 Child-Friendly Items: If you need a pack and play or high chair, please inquire with us for a unique link to rent these items for your stay.
 Long-Term Stays: We welcome digital nomads, students, and new neighbors! A refundable security deposit is required for longer stays and is charged separately before check-in. The deposit is $500 for reservations between 22 days and 6 months, and $1,000 for reservations over 6 months.
Permit Number: STR Permit: 2023followedby013537

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Beckon Homes
Host User ID: 6675690
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/6675690
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey there! We're the crew at Beckon Homes. We're a small, family-run boutique property management company that works hard to treat our guests like our loved ones by welcoming them into homes and neighborhoods we ourselves would stay in. Our team is on 24/7/365 to ensure you have everything you need, whenever you need it. We can't wait to host you at one of our homes!
My work: making guests comfy
Most useless skill: no skill is useless!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
9906 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting