3 private bedrooms, single family home. Large fenced backyard for your pup and kids. Driveway/off street parking. Completely residential neighborhood. 1.5 miles to Lower Broadway Entertainment District and Nissan Stadium. Shelby House - Established 2006, East Nashville's first vacation home.

The space
Mid-Century Brick Ranch - simple and efficient. What more can I say - I love this house and this location. Each of the three private bedrooms has a queen sized, comfortable, double sheeted bed and room for all your stuff. Everybody shares the bathroom but surprisingly this works better than you would think. Google Fiber will keep you connected, Smart TV streams your favorites. Central heat and air will keep you comfortable. Starter supplies like paper towels, soap and TP are also stocked. Other standard amenities include a washer and dryer, full sized kitchen, stove, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, refrigerator and dishwasher. The kitchen table is unique. A local metal artist made the boomerang and it seats 4. Out back there is an enclosed porch, casual dining table for 4, and a charcoal grill on the flagstone patio.

Your furry, 4 legged family members are welcome. We allow pets with their proper supervision. There is a doggie door in the laundry room that leads out into the fenced yard. It has a big tree with squirrels. Just up the street is the Shelby Dog Park. We do ask that pets be crated when left alone in the home.

Within walking distance is the Shelby Bottoms Greenway and Nature Park. It is one of the true jewels of Metro’s Park and Greenway system. This 810 acre park offers 5 miles of paved multi-use trails and another 5 miles of primitive hiking trails. Along the trails, visitors can enjoy boardwalks, scenic overlooks, interpretive stations and seven rustic bridges. The area is well known as a haven for migrating birds and other wildlife.

Our homes are professionally cleaned and maintained and will be ready when you arrive. You will be provided with the lock code with your reservation confirmation along the home’s address and other vital information.

Guest access
This is a private home and you will have unlimited private access with your personalized access code. Once you have arrived you can use the backyard carport or the off street driveway along the side of the house.