URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/53878998
Latitude: 36.1735
Longitude: -86.7806
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Sing along on Broadway by night, then retreat to your quiet oasis. This first-floor 2BR/2BA riverfront condo puts the best of Nashville at your doorstep — a 20-min walk or 5-min Uber to Broadway, steps from Nissan Stadium and Germantown's top restaurants. Sleeps 6 (Two King Beds, Queen sleeper sofa). Private & quiet riverfront patio, seasonal pool, gym, on-site laundry, and 2 covered parking spaces.  ⭐ 100% of recent guests rated the location 5 stars. Come for the music. Stay for the view.

The space
THE SPACE

A Riverfront Retreat in the Heart of Music City
This first-floor condo sleeps 6 in genuine comfort — not the tight, crammed-together comfort of a hotel suite, but real, spread-out, "this feels like home" comfort. Two private bedrooms, two full bathrooms, an open living and dining area, a fully equipped kitchen, and a private patio overlooking the Cumberland River. No stairs, no elevators, no hauling luggage. Just walk right in and exhale.

🛋️ The Living Area
Step inside to a bright, open living room with comfortable seating arranged around a smart TV — perfect for movie nights, streaming the big game, or unwinding after a long day of exploring Nashville. Large windows frame stunning views of the Cumberland River, flooding the space with natural light and bringing the outdoors in.
The full Queen sleeper sofa pulls out for two additional guests, making it easy to accommodate friends or family without anyone drawing the short straw on sleeping arrangements. There's also a dedicated workspace nook with secure WiFi — ideal for remote workers, business travelers, or anyone who needs to send a quick email between adventures.

🍳 The Kitchen
The fully equipped kitchen is ready for anything — from a quick morning coffee before heading downtown, to a full home-cooked dinner after a day at the Country Music Hall of Fame. You'll find:

Full-size refrigerator
Stove and oven
Microwave
Dishwasher
Keurig coffee maker with complimentary coffee pods
Toaster
Complete cookware, dishes, glassware, and utensils
Basic cooking staples (salt, pepper, oil, etc.)
Bottle opener, wine glasses, mugs — all the essentials

The adjacent dining area seats four comfortably — a great spot for shared meals, card games, planning the day's adventures, or sipping coffee while watching the river roll by.

🛏️ The Bedrooms
Primary Bedroom — King Bed
A peaceful sanctuary featuring a plush King bed with a brand-new mattress, premium mattress topper, and soft, hotel-quality linens. The room includes ample closet space, a dresser, a smart TV with streaming, and blackout-friendly window treatments so you can sleep in after a late night on Broadway. The primary bathroom is just steps away.
Second Bedroom — Two Twin Beds (Convertible to King)
Perfectly suited for friends traveling together, kids sharing a room, or couples who'd rather have a King — the two twin beds can be combined into a King upon request (just let us know when you book!). The room features quality linens, dresser space, a smart TV, and easy access to the second full bathroom.
Living Room Sleeper Sofa — Queen
A comfortable Queen sleeper sofa with fresh linens expands your sleeping capacity. It's a real Queen pull-out, not a futon or daybed — guests sleeping here won't feel like they got the rough deal.

🛁 The Bathrooms
Both bathrooms are full bathrooms — clean, modern, and stocked with everything you need: fresh fluffy towels, hand towels, washcloths, starter toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, body wash), hand soap, hairdryers, and a hairdryer in each. The primary bath is convenient to the King bedroom, and the second bath serves the rest of the unit — meaning no morning bottlenecks, no waiting in line.

🌊 The Patio & River View
One of the standout features of this condo is its setting on the Cumberland River. From your private first-floor patio, you can sip morning coffee as the sun rises over the water, watch boats and kayaks drift by in the afternoon, or unwind with a glass of wine in the evening as the city lights begin to twinkle in the distance.
The view changes with the light and the seasons — misty mornings, golden afternoons, soft pink evenings, the occasional rower or paddleboarder. It's the kind of view that makes you slow down. The kind of view that turns a stay into an experience.

Guest access
Entire condo

Other things to note
🏊 Building Amenities
Your stay includes full access to the community's amenities:

🏊 Seasonal outdoor pool — Perfect for warm Nashville afternoons and rinsing off the day's adventures
💪 Fitness center — Keep up your routine while you travel
🧺 On-site laundry facility — Pack light and wash as you go
🚗 Two covered parking spaces — A rare and valuable perk worth $60+/night downtown
🌳 Well-maintained grounds along the riverfront — Take a peaceful morning walk along the water

📺 Tech & Connectivity

Smart TVs in the living room AND both bedrooms — log into your own Netflix, Hulu, Disney+, HBO, Prime Video, or any streaming service
Secure WiFi throughout the entire condo — strong enough for work calls, streaming, and group video chats simultaneously
Dedicated workspace for remote workers or business travelers

✨ The Little Touches
We've put real thought into making this space feel like home:
✅ Brand-new mattresses with mattress toppers in both bedrooms
✅ Premium, hotel-quality linens and towels
✅ Starter supplies of coffee, soap, toilet paper, paper towels, and dish detergent
✅ Hairdryers in both bathrooms
✅ Iron and ironing board
✅ Basic kitchen staples (salt, pepper, oil, sugar)
✅ Quick-start guide with WiFi password, check-out instructions, and local recommendations
✅ Central heating and air conditioning — easy to adjust to your comfort level
✅ Self check-in with smart lock (code sent before arrival)

GUEST ACCESS

You'll have full, private access to the entire condo for the duration of your stay, plus full access to all community amenities:

🏊 Seasonal outdoor pool
💪 Fitness center
🧺 On-site laundry facility
🚗 Two covered parking spaces (reserved for your unit)
🌳 Riverfront grounds and walking paths

Check-in is contactless and easy — I'll send you the smart lock code before your arrival, so you can come and go on your own schedule. No keys to lose, no front desk to wait in line at.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Val
Host User ID: 176989394
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/176989394
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! I'm Val and I'm thrilled to be your host!
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
576 reviews
4.85 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting