URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1699338082152251680
Latitude: 36.1774
Longitude: -86.754
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into Electric Blue Inn, a brand-new Nashville escape made for unforgettable group getaways! 

This bold 4BR retreat sleeps up to 12 and blends moody blue interiors, Western touches, statement décor, and photo-worthy spaces. Gather around the high-top seating, snap a photo by the “Giddy Up” wall, or unwind after a night out. Close to Broadway, Downtown, live music, restaurants, and top attractions, it’s the perfect home base for bachelorettes, celebrations, concerts, and weekend adventures.

The space
This spacious 4-bedroom home comfortably sleeps up to 12 guests and was designed with group getaways in mind. From the moody electric-blue interiors and bold statement décor to the Western-inspired touches and photo-worthy spaces, every room brings a fun, modern Nashville vibe.

Gather with your group in the stylish common areas, enjoy meals and drinks together, or relax after a day exploring the city. One of the home’s standout features is the signature “Giddy Up” wall, creating the perfect backdrop for group photos and memories. The high-top seating also gives everyone a fun space to hang out, play games, share a meal, or plan your next Nashville adventure.

Whether you're visiting for a bachelorette weekend, birthday celebration, girls' trip, family vacation, concert, wedding, or simply a weekend with friends, Electric Blue Inn gives your group plenty of room to stay together without sacrificing comfort or privacy.

THE SPACE
• Brand-new 4-bedroom Nashville retreat
• Sleeps up to 12 guests
• 4 private bedrooms for added comfort and privacy
• 2 full bathrooms
• Stylish living and gathering spaces
• High-top group seating
• Fully equipped kitchen
• Bold electric-blue and moody interiors
• Western-inspired Nashville décor
• “Giddy Up” statement wall
• Multiple photo-worthy spaces throughout the home
• Comfortable spaces to relax after a day or night out

LOCATION
Electric Blue Inn is conveniently located near some of Nashville’s most popular attractions, making it an excellent home base for exploring Music City.

Head downtown to experience Broadway’s famous honky-tonks, live country music, bars, restaurants, and nightlife. Spend the day exploring local restaurants and attractions, then return to your private retreat to relax and recharge before heading out again.

You'll also have easy access to Nashville favorites including:
✨ Broadway - Experience the heart of Nashville nightlife with live music, honky-tonks, restaurants, and entertainment.
✨ Downtown Nashville – Explore shopping, dining, attractions, live music, and the energy of Music City.
✨ Music Row – Visit the legendary area known for Nashville’s recording studios, music history, and entertainment industry.
✨ Assembly Food Hall – A great group-friendly option with a variety of restaurants and food choices all under one roof.
✨ Robert’s Western World – Enjoy classic Nashville honky-tonk atmosphere and live country music.
✨ Acme Feed & Seed – Grab food and drinks while enjoying live music and downtown views.
✨ Hattie B’s Hot Chicken – Try one of Nashville’s most famous dishes at this local favorite.
✨ Edley’s Bar-B-Que – Enjoy classic Southern BBQ in a casual Nashville setting.
✨ Martin’s Bar-B-Que Joint – A popular choice for BBQ, drinks, and laid-back group dining.
✨ The Pharmacy Burger Parlor & Beer Garden – Burgers, drinks, and a relaxed atmosphere perfect for groups.

PERFECT FOR GROUP GETAWAYS

Electric Blue Inn was created with groups in mind. With four private bedrooms and space for up to 12 guests, everyone can stay together while still having their own comfortable space.

Start your morning with coffee and breakfast at home, spend the afternoon discovering Nashville, then come back to get ready for a night on Broadway. Whether you're celebrating a milestone or simply enjoying time with friends and family, this home gives you a comfortable and memorable place to experience it all.

Come for the music, stay for the memories, and make Electric Blue Inn your Nashville home base!

Guest access
Guests will have full private access to the property throughout their stay.

For a seamless arrival, the home is equipped with a smart lock, so there’s no need to coordinate a key pickup or worry about arriving at a specific time. Your unique access code will be provided before check-in, allowing you to enter the home conveniently whenever you arrive during your stay.

Whether you’re arriving early in the evening or coming back from a late night on Broadway, you can access the property using your smart-lock code. Just enter your code at the door and you’re in!

Other things to note
Please review the house rules before your stay. The property has a smart lock for easy self check-in, and we’re available through the Airbnb app if you need anything. We kindly ask guests to respect quiet hours, our neighbors, and the home. Parties and unauthorized gatherings are not permitted.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Wambold Properties LLC
Host User ID: 547453912
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/547453912
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
66 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting