Take it easy in our upstairs apartment of our historic East Nashville home. Great location just mins from downtown without breaking your budget. 

→ Pet Friendly *THERE WILL BE A PET FEE IF YOU BOOK, THE FEE WILL BE $50 to $150 and is required to be paid in order to stay. INQUIRE FOR MORE INFO.*
→ Historic Home ~ Note this is the UPSTAIRS apartment of a 2-story 1960s home. Please do not expect a fancy new build, we like to think that with age comes character. Our home has character for sure!

The space
Our unit sits on the second floor of a beautiful 1960's home in East Nashville. The space is perfect for a weekend in a peaceful neighborhood.  You will comfortably sleep 2 people with additional sleeping arrangements for up to 4 people.. The bedroom has a queen sized bed. Down the hall is a back living space with a large couch and for that additional sleeping, a king sized DAY BED. Note that the day bed is two mattress pieces together to make a large king sized bed. It will feel more akin to a sofa bed set up rather than a traditional bed.  

The home was built in the 1960's and is located in one of the oldest neighborhoods in Nashville. That being said, do not expect new-build features.

This home is ideal for a group looking to rest their heads after a long day of shopping at all the eclectic local thrift stores, hanging out at the amazing coffee shops, and chilling at the new cool spot or a local favorite bar in the up and coming East Nashville scene. It's Walkable to local gems such as Southern Grist and All People's Coffee. You will truly feel like a local when staying at this unit.

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire unit on the second floor with a private entrance. The first floor of the house is separate and has it's own private entrance. You will need to climb stairs to get to the second floor.

Other things to note
→ Stairs are unavoidable for entry to our home. 
→ No cable, our Smart TV has all the streaming capabilities! 
→ Note, you will hear some noise from critters running to and from their homes on our roof. 
→ Quiet hours are 10 pm to 8 am. Please respect your noise levels especially for the tenants below. Likewise, if tenants below are ever disturbing you reach out to us and we will take care of it right away. 
→ Please inquire if you want to bring a pet, there will be a fee!
→ There is no washer/dryer on site, no dishwasher, no ice maker (ice trays provided). 
→ Review the King bed set up, it's a day bed not a traditional king bed.
→  The home was built in the 1960's and is located in one of the oldest neighborhoods in Nashville. That being said, do not expect new-build features.
→ Check-in is at 4 pm // Check out is at 10 am. If you're looking to check in early or check out late, we suggest booking the night before or after your arrival. Otherwise, to be considerate to other guests, we cannot guarantee that early check-in or late check-out request will be accommodated. Feel free to arrive anytime after 4 pm.
→ Once booked, we will send you a text to acknowledge our house rules. You will receive your code for entry one day before your arrival via text message. You can also reference your Airbnb Itinerary for helpful info about the check-in process, House Rules, what we provide, and our contact info. 
→ Rest assured, our team is around 24/7 for any emergency that may arise!

Registration Details
201530929