URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1755896162262389557
Latitude: 36.1564
Longitude: -86.8166
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 12
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Rooftop skyline views. Steps to Centennial Park. Minutes to Broadway. Whether you're here for a birthday, bachelorette, girls' trip, family getaway, or just a weekend in Nashville, this spacious home gives your group the space, comfort, and location to make the most of your stay.

Welcome to The Adeline by Elevay & Co. — a spacious, beautifully designed home made for groups who want to be close to everything while still having plenty of room to relax.

The space
Start the morning with coffee in the kitchen, head out to explore Nashville, then come home and take the evening upstairs. The private rooftop gives your group a place to relax, enjoy the city views, gather around the fire pit, and keep the night going without having to leave home.

✨ What You'll Love
🌇 Private rooftop with Nashville city views
🔥 Fire pit for relaxed evenings with your group
🛏️ 4 bedrooms + 4 full bathrooms
🍽️ Large, fully equipped kitchen with plenty of space to gather
🛋️ Multiple living spaces for relaxing and hanging out
🚗 2-car garage for convenient free on-site parking
🎶 Just minutes from Broadway, downtown, restaurants & nightlife
✅ Early check-in & late check-out when available

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (4BR/4BA/12 Beds)
Bedroom 1: 4 Twin Beds (first floor)
Bedroom 2: 1 Queen, 1 Full
Bedroom 3: 2 Full, 3 Twin
Bedroom 4: 1 King

Each bedroom is designed to give guests a comfortable place to recharge after a full day in Nashville.

With 4 full bathrooms, getting ready is easy — no waiting in line when the whole group is trying to head out.

The Adeline was built for groups — room to spread out on your own, and space to come back together when it's time to hang.

Four bedrooms and four full bathrooms give everyone their own space, while the shared living areas create plenty of room to come together. Whether you're getting ready for a night out, enjoying a slow morning, or catching up after a day exploring Nashville, the home gives your group room to do it comfortably.

The large kitchen is the heart of the home, with plenty of counter space for preparing meals, grabbing breakfast, or gathering around before heading out for the day.

☕ Mornings at The Adeline
Take your time in the morning with coffee and breakfast before heading out to explore Nashville.

The kitchen is stocked with the essentials you'll need for everything from a quick cup of coffee to a full group breakfast. There's plenty of space to gather, plan the day, and get everyone out the door without feeling rushed.

🌆 Rooftop Nights
The rooftop is where the home really comes alive. Head upstairs around golden hour and take in the Nashville skyline from your private outdoor space. Settle in around the fire pit, grab a drink, and enjoy some downtime with your group.

After a day of Broadway, restaurants, live music, and exploring the city, there's something special about coming back to your own rooftop and watching Nashville light up around you.

🍽️ Eat, Sip & Unwind
The kitchen is set up for the way groups actually travel. Prepare breakfast before heading out, grab a quick snack between plans, or gather around the kitchen for dinner before a night downtown.

When you're back home, choose your spot — stretch out in the living room, relax upstairs, or head to the rooftop for city views and a fire.

🏙️ Location Highlights
🏛️ Steps to Centennial Park & OneCity (shops, restaurants, coffee, gyms, etc)
🎶 Minutes to Broadway & Nashville nightlife
🏙️ Minutes to Downtown Nashville
🍴 Close to restaurants, bars & local favorites
🎸 Easy access to Nashville's top attractions
✈️ Convenient location for exploring the city

You'll be close to the action without having to stay right in the middle of it.

🅿️ Parking
2-car garage parking is available for guests.
Convenient on-site parking makes arriving and coming and going throughout your stay easy. There's also available street parking that is first come, first serve. If you park behind the garage, there's a chance you will get towed. 

There's an active rail line down the road, so you may hear the occasional train in the distance — it's a small part of the neighborhood's character

WE DO NOT RENT TO LOCALS; ALL LOCALS MUST INQUIRE.

STRP #2026035606

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge, kitchen, living area, bedrooms, and bathrooms.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

STRP #2026035606

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting