URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1387221971013302956
Latitude: 36.1459
Longitude: -86.81784
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Anthem by AvantStay! A sleek, sunlit escape in the heart of Midtown, tucked into a newer building that keeps you close to the music and the parks but a step removed from the crowds.

🌆 Private balcony with skyline views
🏊 Access to seasonal pool, BBQ, fire pits & gym
🌳 Short walk to Centennial Park & the Parthenon

The space
Set inside The Odyssey, one of Midtown's newer buildings, Anthem trades tourist-district noise for something a little calmer while keeping Nashville's best within easy reach. Floor-to-ceiling windows run the length of the living space, so the skyline is part of the room from the moment you walk in — a modern, sunlit apartment built for a small group or a couple of friends who want a stylish base without the Broadway crowds at their door.

The open living area is done in plush, comfortable furnishings with a smart TV for winding down, and it flows straight into a sleek, fully equipped kitchen with island seating. It's the kind of setup that works whether you're cooking a real meal or spreading out takeout from one of the dozens of spots nearby. Just off the living room, a private balcony looks out over the city — an easy place for morning coffee or a quiet moment before you head out for the night.

When it's time to rest, the primary bedroom has a king bed, its own smart TV, and an en-suite bath. The second bedroom keeps things flexible with two twin beds and a second en-suite, and a sleeper sofa in the living room adds space for anyone rolling in late.

As a guest at The Odyssey, you'll have access to the building's amenities, including a seasonal pool, a BBQ and fire-pit area for easy evenings outside, and a fitness center for anyone keeping up their routine. Downstairs, Tito's Mexican Restaurant sits right in the building, so a great meal is one elevator ride away.

Step outside and Centennial Park is just a short walk from the door — acres of walking trails, open lawns, and Nashville's full-scale replica of the Parthenon, lit up at night. The surrounding West End and Midtown stretch is dense with restaurants, coffee shops, and cafes, and Vanderbilt's campus and medical center are only minutes on. When you're ready for the honky-tonks and live music, Lower Broadway is a quick rideshare east — close enough for a night out, far enough to actually sleep afterward.

It's a comfortable, well-placed home base: close to the music and the parks, a step removed from the chaos, and ready whenever you are.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There’s a reason Nashville, TN has become one of the country’s most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, “Nashvegas” is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you’re more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- This unit is on the 3rd floor, and the building has an elevator that you can access once inside from the garage to take you to each floor.
- Please note: pool is open all year round, but depending on extreme weather conditions, pool may close. Hours of operation are from 8AM - 8PM.
- Due to ongoing development in the area, you may experience nearby construction noise during your stay.
- There is a sleeper sofa in the living room.

Parking Details:
- Parking is provided on a first-come, first-serve basis in the top-floor parking garage. No reserved parking. Guests can park in any spot that is not marked reserved. No parking pass required.
- Additional street parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis.

A pack n' play travel crib and high chair can be provided upon request with at least 24hrs advanced notice.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2024055241

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6903 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting