Welcome to the Game Night Getaway!
Step into a world of entertainment and relaxation at our unique Airbnb apartment. Designed with your enjoyment in mind, our space offers a variety of gaming options to add a touch of fun to your stay.  Our apartment is located in a quiet neighborhood, steps to Vandy and Centennial, & under 10 minutes by car to the hustle and bustle of Broadway.

The space
As you enter, you'll find a cozy and inviting living area where you can kick back and relax. In the living room, we have set up a shuffleboard table, and a scrabble board. Upstairs in the loft, you'll find a foosball and poker table.  Challenge your friends or family to friendly matches and create lasting memories together. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you need to prepare meals or snacks during your stay. Feel free to whip up some appetizers for game nights or enjoy a leisurely breakfast before starting your day. When it's time to rest, our bedrooms provide a comfortable retreat. Sink into the cozy beds and enjoy a peaceful night's sleep. We also have clean and modern bathrooms for your convenience.  Don't forget to take a picture in front of one of the 3 murals from Nashville's famous artist before you depart.

Enjoy the freedom and privacy of this spacious apartment without sacrificing the quality, make yourself at home in this fully furnished loft, equipped with smart locks, all natural eco-friendly toiletries. 

We want to ensure your stay is seamless and enjoyable, so please don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions or need assistance. We want your experience to be exceptional and leave you with fond memories.

★1st Floor:
Chef's Kitchen & coffee bar
Dining table for 6 and island seating
Shuffle Board
Living Room w/ Smart TV

Bedroom 1: Master bedroom- King bed
Attached Bathroom w/ Walk-in Shower

Bedroom 2- Queen bunk beds
Ensuite Bathroom - Shower/Tub

★ 2nd Floor:
Queen Size Sofa Sleeper
Common Area Outside Hangout
Bathroom w/ Shower/Tub combo

Poker table
Foosball

Guest access
WE THOUGHT ABOUT YOU
★✩ WFH: Remote workers can book with ease knowing we provide consistent and reliable WiFi

GUEST ACCESS
Come and go as you please! Seamless self check-in with smart locks. Full access instructions provided after booking.
PARKING
Parking is available in the onsite gated garage located behind the building.

Other things to note
Double-floor unit, step-free listed in Elevator building. There is a spiral staircase inside of the unit. You are welcome to use the elevator to reach the upper loft portion of the unit.

Other things to note.
2 story loft
Elevator building
Private parking (free)
FREE Wifi
Smart Locks
All units are rented on short term rental basis

Be a kind and considerate.  Treat the place as if it were your home. Remember that the home belongs to us and we do reside here; please leave it just as neat and tidy as you found it.

No rowdiness, or glitter. (Can't believe we needed to add that last one, but we did.). Pets allowed on case by case basis. 

While families and children are always welcome, make note that the home is not child-proofed. The guest assumes all liability and expenses to repair damages/loss when making a reservation to stay with us.

Smoking is only permitted outside and cigarette butts must be disposed of properly. (No ifs, ands, or butts about it.)  No smoking in the home at any time.  Automatic loss of deposit if evidence of smoking inside house.

We care about our neighbors and our community, so please be sensitive and respectful with your volume levels. Quiet hours are from Midnight to 7am daily. (Noise violations and/or complaints will result in termination of the reservation without refund. So, seriously... Be respectful of others.)

Bachelorette / bachelor / birthday and other celebrations are permitted so long as all house rules are respected, the person making the booking assumes responsibility for the group as well as the home & its contents, and all guests agree to be mindful of our neighbors and our home.  If you are looking for a party house, please look elsewhere.  

For liability reasons, only those guests specifically accounted for in the reservation are permitted to stay on the property. Attempts made to bring undisclosed guests/visitors onto the property will result in immediate termination of the reservation without refund.

Communicate any breakages or damage. We understand accidents happen, so just let us know if one does. Usually we can address these sorts of things quickly and effortlessly if we’re informed in a timely manner — which means you're more likely to have your full security deposit returned.

While appliances and other household equipment are believed to be in new and in good working condition, some deficiencies only present themselves while they’re continuously used by guests. We reserve the right to take up to 24 hours to tend to non-emergency issues. Remember that this is an independently-owned home and we are therefore at the mercy of subcontractors’ availability for service and repairs. 

We are not responsible for any accidents, injuries, or illness that may occur while on the premises, or for the loss of personal belongings or valuables. By making a reservation, it is agreed that all guests expressly assume the risk of any harm arising from their use of the premises. Note: please be careful of fire pits on premise. We are not responsible for any damages or accidents while you use.

Follow check-out procedures and return the home in the condition you found it.

Must be 21 to rent property. 

Lock the house any time all guest are gone.  Also, lock the entire house during the night hours.

Pets are considered case by case. A nonrefundable pet deposit will be collected.  Below are the rules if your pet is approved. 

1) Guest must provide dog bedding/crate and towels to wipe off wet paws. Towels are not to be used for pets.
2) Please do not allow your dog on furniture or beds.
3) Do not leave your dog at the house unattended for extended period of time. If you do leave dog unattended, please crate or leave outside. 
4) Guests must pick up after their dog and discard waste properly.  Plastic bags can be found under the sink. 
5) Dogs are not allowed to be washed in the bathtub or showers.
6) Guests are responsible for cleaning up any “accidents” their dog has caused inside. Please notify us of any accidents or damage. 
7) Guests are required to pay for any damage their dog causes.