URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/18999228
Latitude: 36.16315
Longitude: -86.78411
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Casa De Nashville! Mi casa es su casa! 

Our spacious boho chic condo is located in the heart of the city yet off of Broadway a few blocks so you can relax in a quiet space.

Guests rave about our cool brick walls, cozy decor, comfortable beds, and location!

Just several blocks to walk to Broadway and the downtown honky tonks, Printer’s Alley, Bridgestone Arena, The Ryman and Cap Hill. Grab a quick ride to The Gulch, Germantown, East Nash, 12 South & all of the cool spots!

The space
Our historic condo has 1145 sq ft of open living space and is full of character with exposed brick walls throughout, wood floors and tall windows. 

We have a well stocked kitchen with stainless appliances, a coffee/tea station for your use with a Keurig for an individual cup or a whole pot of coffee. The kitchen is open to the  living area which is furnished with a top of the line leather sectional sofa and tv. Our guests often have fun with our record player and records! Both bedrooms are spacious and have super comfy beds w deluxe sheets and duvets. Luggage and clothing racks are provided. 

Both bathrooms have quality sample size amenities in case you forgot to pack something! 

There is a coin operated washer and dryer in the basement of the building. Just take the elevator down  to access them. 

We have a parking spot available in a garage just one block from the condo. A fob will be provided in the condo upon check in. 

Watauga Condos are located on the edge of downtown Nashville in a historic building originally called Watauga Flats.  Built in 1900 as part of President James Polks’ property, the building has since served as a hotel then housed legislators before being converted into apartments and finally, into condos.

Our historic building still has the charming antique elevator with the brass gate! I’m

Guest access
The convenience of the keyless entry takes you into the secure lobby. Take either the original antique elevator or the stairs up to the second floor where there is also easy keyless entry into the condo. 

You will have full use of the living/kitchen areas and we offer two bedrooms and 2 baths. The master bedroom with attached bathroom suite is furnished with a queen bed. The second bedroom has a king  bed and has a bathroom right next to it. 

We also have sectional sofa that can be used for a comfy night’s sleep and 2 twin air mattresses. Extra bedding and air mattresses are stored in the coffee table.

Laundry is available in the basement. It is a coin operated washer and dryer.

We have a parking spot available in a garage just one block from the condo. A fob will be provided in the condo upon check in.

Other things to note
Since regular folks live in the building and not every unit is used for short term rentals, there is a building and city ordinance in effect. Please be courteous of our neighbors and note that residential quiet hours are 10pm - 8am. No parties/events allowed.  Please, no smoking inside the unit. Also, we ask you not to use confetti. We want you to have fun and decorate for your celebration but please no confetti! Thank-you!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Kristin
Host User ID: 45403596
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/45403596
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hey I'm Kristin! My mom and I have been renting out our lovely condo in downtown Nashville for about 5 years. We love being able to share our love for Nashville with other people! I’ve lived in the city for almost 10 years and truly believe it’s the best city in the USA. We can’t wait to host you!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 years hosting
488 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
11 years of hosting