URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/14417382
Latitude: 36.14658
Longitude: -86.7895
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Feel the heartbeat of Nashville' s music scene from an elegant loft. Principal rooms are enveloped in walls painted in tranquil tones. Warm hickory floors   M m vintage Persian rugs lead from chic bedrooms to a kitchen with Italian appliances.

This private boutique loft designed by interior design team edwardshae design is newly constructed using only high end designer fixtures and furnishings. The space is comfortable and cool the perfecting writing retreat or nashville get away. A luxe stay close to everything but still tucked away for quiet restful nights.  Some of the features include off street parking, private deck, nest learning thermostat, 4K tv with on demand premium programming including on demand and all movie channels, new memory foam mattresses, designer Italian bedding, designer wallpaper, luxe towels, nashville premium coffee with coffee press, high end appliances, luxury spa walk in shower with multiple shower heads, aveda products, tankless hot water heater so you’ll never run out of hot water or water pressure, foam insulated walls and energy star Anderson windows to keep you comfortable in all seasons.

Guests will have access to a full kitchen featuring French press coffee, HD LCD smart televisions with on demand premium cable television in all rooms including HBO, Showtime, Stars, Cinemax, and premium sports channels, aveda bath products, luxury linens, and a private deck.  Property one block from edgehill cafe coffee shop, taco mamacita, Bella Napoli pizza, Old glory cocktail bar, Legato Gelato, Dolce deserts, Warby Parker, J crew and more.

We will be available to answer any questions or help as often as you need us.

The loft is located off Music Row, between Downtown, the Gulch and 12th South. Walk to world-class dining, shopping, Ryman Theater, Bridgestone Arena, and drinking in Edgehill Village. It's likely the most walkable neighborhood in Nashville.

This is a convenient walk or Uber ride to everything midtown downtown and ample transit options with off street private parking available and never more than a 5 min wait for uber, lyft etc.

Designed by edwardshae design firm and built with your comfort in mind, from the energy star Anderson Windows to the foam insulation to provide maximum comfort no expense was spared in making this a home you'll love to visit time and again. We will provide luxury linen and towels and you will rest well on these new foam mattress designed for maximum comfort. Enjoy Nashville's finest coffee from eighth and roast and relax in the oversized shower for two with plenty of water pressure from the designer rain heads with dual temperature and pressure controls.  All rooms have HD flat screen smart tvs with on demand HBO Showtime Movie Chanel and more.

The space
This private boutique loft designed by interior design team edwardshae design is newly constructed using only high end designer fixtures and furnishings. The space is comfortable and cool the perfecting writing retreat or nashville get away. A luxe stay close to everything but still tucked away for quiet restful nights.  Some of the features include off street parking, private deck, nest learning thermostat, 4K tv with on demand premium programming including on demand and all movie channels, new memory foam mattresses, designer Italian bedding, designer wallpaper, luxe towels, nashville premium coffee with coffee press, high end appliances, luxury spa walk in shower with multiple shower heads, aveda products, tankless hot water heater so you’ll never run out of hot water or water pressure, foam insulated walls and energy star Anderson windows to keep you comfortable in all seasons.

Guest access
Guests will have access to a full kitchen featuring French press coffee, HD LCD smart televisions with on demand premium cable television in all rooms including HBO, Showtime, Stars, Cinemax, and premium sports channels, aveda bath products, luxury linens, and a private deck.  Property one block from edgehill cafe coffee shop, taco mamacita, Bella Napoli pizza, Old glory cocktail bar, Legato Gelato, Dolce deserts, Warby Parker, J crew and more.

Other things to note
Designed by edwardshae design firm and built with your comfort in mind, from the energy star Anderson Windows to the foam insulation to provide maximum comfort no expense was spared in making this a home you'll love to visit time and again. We will provide luxury linen and towels and you will rest well on these new foam mattress designed for maximum comfort. Enjoy Nashville's finest coffee from eighth and roast and relax in the oversized shower for two with plenty of water pressure from the designer rain heads with dual temperature and pressure controls.  All rooms have HD flat screen smart tvs with on demand HBO Showtime Movie Chanel and more.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Paul
Host User ID: 46072770
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/46072770
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Designed by interior design team indwell realty and morgan martin interiors. We have been working in real estate and interior design in nashville for over 19 years.  We've been fortunate to work with many amazing artists, entertainers, and great people in Nashville as well as Atlanta, New York and Sanfrancisco.  We love calling Nashville home and are excited to share this space with you.
My work: Morgan Martin Interiors / Indwell Realty
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
576 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting