URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1146666334718347751
Latitude: 36.2187
Longitude: -86.7041
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Enjoy a comfortable Nashville stay in this spacious 2-bedroom, 2-bath Unit at Club Wyndham Nashville. With 1,066–1,180 sq ft of space, this Unit sleeps up to 6 guests and features a king bed, queen bed, queen sofa sleeper, full kitchen, dining area, and in-unit washer/dryer. Relax with resort amenities including pools, fitness center, sports courts, and more. Located just 1 mile from the Grand Ole Opry and close to Nashville’s top attractions, live music, dining, and entertainment.

The space
Experience the heart of Music City at Club Wyndham Nashville! Just one mile from the Grand Ole Opry, this resort offers easy access to top Nashville attractions—live music, nightlife, and historic landmarks. Explore the Country Music Hall of Fame, Green Hills shopping, and Jack Daniel’s Distillery. Relax in spacious suites and enjoy authentic Southern charm for your perfect Nashville getaway.

Welcome to Club Wyndham Nashville - Your 2-Bedroom, 2-Bath Unit Includes:
Perfect for couples or small groups, this well-designed 2-bedroom unit offers a cozy stay with all the essentials you need. Whether you’re here for a weekend getaway or a longer stay, you’ll feel right at home.
Comfortable 1,066 ‑ 1,180 sq ft. layout – ideal for a relaxing and efficient stay
 Sleeps up to 6 guests

Great for couples, solo travelers, or small families

Master Bedroom: King-size bed (varies)– spacious and inviting
2nd Bedroom: Queen bed (varies)
 Living Room: Queen-size sleeper sofa – open room

 Kitchen & Dining:
• Full kitchen – includes basic appliances for light cooking and snacks
• Dining area – great for meals, coffee, or catching up on emails

 Extras:
• In-unit washer and dryer – enjoy the convenience of doing laundry at your leisure

 Important Note:
Buildings 10 and 11 do not have elevator access. Guests with mobility concerns may wish to request a lower floor (based on availability).

 Note: Photos may not reflect the exact unit you’ll be staying in. Your suite may vary slightly.
“Varies” reflects resort policy, not ours – the resort reserves the right to adjust bed sizes or layout configurations.

We want you to enjoy your stay here, so we offer a plethora of amenities:
Activities Center
Barbecue Area
Basketball
Business Center
Children's Playground
Children's Pool (Outdoor/Seasonal)
Computer With Internet (Shared)
Concierge Services
Conference Room
Fitness Center
Horseshoes
Hot Tub (Outdoor)
Movie Rentals
Picnic Area
Shuttle Services (Limited Area Attractions)
Swimming Pool (Heated/Outdoor)
Swimming Pool (Indoor)
Swimming Pool (Indoor/Outdoor)
Swimming Pool (Outdoor)
Some may incur a fee

Buildings 10 and 11 do not have elevators.

Pets are not permitted.

Daily housekeeping is available at an additional charges.

No shows and early departures will not receive a refund. The entire balance (100%) will be forfeited.

Inquire with resort regarding smoking regulations

Additionally, the proximity to the Grand Ole Opry, just a mile down the road, opens up opportunities for entertainment and exploration. Enjoy your stay at Wyndham Nashville!
What To Do in Nashville:
- Visit Downtown Nashville
- Grand Ole Opry
- The Johnny Cash Museum
- Ryman Auditorium
- Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
- The Hermitage
- Nashville Zoo
- The Parthenon
-Boating
-Golf
-Lake
-Tennis Courts
Whether you're looking to tour the Jack Daniel's Distillery, hear great live music, or soak up Nashville's rich history, Club Wyndham Nashville has you covered. 

Getting Around
Parking is free (no valet parking available).

The nearest grocery store is five miles from the resort.

A vehicle is recommended to enjoy the area.

If you are using your vehicle's Gps system or an online mapping service for driving directions, please enter the following address: 2415 McGavock Pk, Nashville Tx 37214
Located just a mile from the iconic Grand Ole Opry

You expressly understand and agree that the resort may charge your credit card for any violation of the resort’s Rules and Regulations, including but not limited to violations of the smoking and pet policies and any damages to your room or the resort caused by you or your guests.
Any violation of the resort’s Rules and Regulations may result in additional fines and penalties, including but not limited to the right to remove you and your guests from the resort premises without a refund. A credit card is required for the $250 security deposit at check-in. This deposit is fully refundable at checkout, provided no damage has occurred. The primary guest checking in must be 21+ years old.
No shows and early departures will Not receive a refund. The entire balance (100%) will be forfeited.
Service animals that are trained to work or perform tasks for the benefit of an individual with a disability are welcome at all Club Wyndham Managed locations and Not Managed locations. All other animals, trained or untrained, whose sole function is to provide emotional support, therapy, comfort, or companionship do not qualify as service animals and are not permitted at Club Wyndham Managed or Not Managed locations.
This is a time-share resort. You will be a guest of the owner. You might be offered a gift for listening to the Wyndham timeshare presentation. This is Not obligatory.
Photos and descriptions are accurate but might not match your exact room. Similar to a hotel, units are assigned at check-in. Upon arrival, you may request a specific building, floor, or view, and the resort staff will do their best to accommodate based on availability
You may request as many keys as there are people staying in the unit. Keys are key cards and bracelets.
If you need to change the name on the reservation for any reason, or modify the date range, or cancel after 24 hours, the resort charges a $99 modification fee.

Guest access
A credit card is required for the $250 security deposit requested at check in.
Activities Center
Barbecue Area
Basketball
Business Center
Children's Playground
Children's Pool (Outdoor/Seasonal)
Computer With Internet (Shared)
Concierge Services
Conference Room
Fitness Center
Horseshoes
Hot Tub (Outdoor)
Movie Rentals
Picnic Area
Shuttle Services (Limited Area Attractions)
Swimming Pool (Heated/Outdoor)
Swimming Pool (Indoor)
Swimming Pool (Indoor/Outdoor)
Swimming Pool (Outdoor)

Other things to note
Included services

- Swimming pool

- Final Cleaning

- Cot/Crib

- Internet Access

- Parking

- Heating

- Bed linen

- Towels

- Air conditioning

- Heated Pool

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Andrew
Host User ID: 564117068
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/564117068
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
I'm Andrew, kind of a homebody, but thats because I love being home with my family.  Life is good.
My work: Business Owner
Most useless skill: Putting in PGA2k
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
714 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting