URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/564376411192699918
Latitude: 36.1364
Longitude: -86.7872
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Walk to 12 South, explore Broadway, and unwind at the Harmonic Bungalow. This charming 2-bedroom Nashville retreat is less than 2 miles from Broadway and just a short stroll to the popular 12 South neighborhood. Conveniently located near Vanderbilt University and Vanderbilt University Medical Center, it's perfect for couples, families, business travelers, and extended stays. Enjoy a fully equipped kitchen, cozy living spaces, and high-speed WiFi for a comfortable stay in Music City.

The space
Things You'll Love: 
◆ Located heart of Nashville, less than a mile walk from 12 south
◆ Fully equipped kitchen with all of the essentials. 
◆ High-speed Wifi and workspace
◆ Smart TVs throughout – easily connect to all your favorite streaming apps!
◆ Access to a shared backyard (partially fenced) featuring a fire pit, hammock and gas grill (Backyard is shared with Unit B).
◆ Charming front porch. 
◆ Shared parking pad behind the home and ample street parking
◆ Dog Friendly - $150 pet fee per stay for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions.

Sleeping Arrangements: 
◆ Bedroom 1 - King Bed + Smart TV
◆ Bedroom 2 - Queen Bed + Smart TV + Desk 
◆ Living Room - Sleeper sofa + Queen Sized Air Mattress  + Smart TV

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Thank you for considering Urban Bungalow for your upcoming trip! Be sure to add it to your Wishlist by clicking the ♥ in the upper right-hand corner, so it’s easy to find again – whether for this trip or a future stay.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
◆ The washer/dryer combo unit on the property is not in working order and is not included as an amenity on this listing. As this was not listed at the time of booking, we are unable to offer a resolution for laundry needs during your stay. If you'd like recommendations for laundromats in the area, our team is happy to help!
◆ The bungalow is part of a duplex, with this unit situated at the front facing the street.
◆ The shared backyard is not fully fenced, and there is no direct access to the backyard from the bungalow.
◆ While lovingly renovated, this older home retains its charming quirks.
◆ The interior design underwent a complete refresh in April 2024.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Favorite song in high school: Baby Blue, George Strait
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5415 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting