URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1757062340695451457
Latitude: 36.1462
Longitude: -86.7594
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Charming Trimble Street Nashville Retreat—a warm and inviting home in the heart of Nashville. Enjoy a comfortable, relaxing stay with a convenient location that makes it easy to experience the city’s music, dining, nightlife, and local attractions. Whether you’re visiting for a weekend getaway or an extended stay, this cozy retreat offers the perfect place to unwind and feel at home.

The space
Welcome to your Nashville home base! This spacious 4-bedroom, 3.5-bath home offers plenty of room for families, friends, wedding groups, and weekend getaways, all while keeping you just a short drive from Downtown Nashville, Broadway, Wedgewood-Houston, and some of Music City’s most popular attractions.

With multiple en-suite bathrooms, queen bunk rooms, an open main-floor living space, and plenty of parking, the home is set up to make group travel comfortable and easy.

Where You Will Sleep:

Bedroom 1 | Main Floor
1 King bed
Private en-suite bathroom and half bath

Bedroom 2 | Second Floor
1 Queen bed
Private en-suite bathroom

Bedroom 3 | Second Floor
2 Queen beds arranged as bunks
Shared Jack-and-Jill bathroom with Bedroom 4

Bedroom 4 | Second Floor
2 Queen beds arranged as bunks
Shared Jack-and-Jill bathroom with Bedroom 3

Main Floor
The main living level features:

- Spacious living room
- Open kitchen and dining area
- King bedroom with private en-suite bathroom
- Half bathroom

Parking
Parking is easy and convenient for groups traveling with multiple vehicles.

You’ll have:
Attached 2-car garage
A couple of additional parking spaces in front of the garage
Street parking nearby

Guest access
As our guest, you’ll have private access to the home and attached garage throughout your stay.
Please note that the basement is not included in the rental and the basement access door remains locked.

Other things to note
IMPORTANT DETAILS:
- Before booking, please read/ understand the cancellation policy. We strongly recommend purchasing trip cancellation/travel insurance as we do not refund for cancellations outside of the policy listed.
- Parties and/or Events are not permitted at this property & may result in the removal of your group from the premises without a refund.

HOUSE RULES:
Minimum Booking Age: 25 years old.
No Pets: No pets allowed, including emotional support animals.
No Locals: Local guests are not permitted.
No Parties or Events: Only registered guests are allowed in the home.
No Smoking: Smoking is prohibited inside the home and on the property.
No Weapons: Weapons of any kind are not permitted in our home or on our property. 
No Rearranging Furniture: Please do not move any furniture around at all.
No Confetti or Tape: Please do not use tape or adhesive OF ANY KIND on our walls. *Damages will be charged to you.*

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help :)

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Music City BNBs
Host User ID: 22224024
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/22224024
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Howdy y’all! Im Shack— born-and-raised Tennesseans who turn good stays into great stories. I run a small boutique rental company with one goal: making your stay feel like home (but better). We love our guests and are always thrilled to see familiar faces return year after year. Come live like a local — we can’t wait to host you!
My work: we <3 hosting
I'm obsessed with: making guests feel like locals
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
1148 reviews
4.89 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting