URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1840652
Latitude: 36.1766
Longitude: -86.808
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in Historic Buena Vista off Rosa Parks Ave in our newly remodeled home with many beautiful amenities.  Close to  Broadway (1.5 mile) and walkable to local spots.  Designated parking on property (not on street) 

Very quiet and quaint street but downtown inside the loop.  Stay at Downtown Great GetAway at competitive rates that won’t break the bank!  Three bedrooms, two full baths.  Four beds, two futons and air mattress upon request.  

Come have fun in Music City!

The space
LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION!!!!

If you are seeking clean, spacious accommodations close to Broadway and all the action... we are approximately  1 mile from Broadway!   We are in a highly sought after neighborhood under gentrification so you will see brand new construction of beautiful new modern homes mixed with original early circa 1900’s victorian homes with all the charm!  

The location is unbelievable. The home is conveniently located off I-65 and I-40.. inside the city loop!  Relax in a uniquely quiet neighborhood within the city under gentrification. Our home was built in 2012 and we keep it updated continuously.  If you are looking for a economical, spacious, super clean home near Broadway and all the action...  this place will be ideal.  Share rides can be approximately $10-12 one way.  (This price changes as the demand changes)

Our home specializes in accommodating people looking to stay in a fully furnished 3 bedroom home (no condo) for long and short term rental in the heart of Nashville.  The master bedroom includes 2 full sized beds with a private bath.  Two additional bedrooms are included that provide queen size beds with a shared bathroom in between.  Two futons are located in the den. Air mattress available upon request.   Linens/towels are provided.  This home sleeps 8 comfortably.  Should your group include more please request air mattress.  Permit allows up to 10 guests.  

My permit does allow up to 10 guests should you have more than 8 people in your group.  This home is not a frat house or party place.  Please read, understand and respect rules set forth.  Check in early for additional $75 or check out late for additional $75 if needed.  Please include # of guests in group. Rate is very competitive and is a great value for location.

Please be aware we do not provide daily housekeeping or provide additional toilet paper/trash bags during your stay.  Please prepare should you have extended stays.  

For those groups that want to decorate for special occasions (bachelorette or birthday groups). DO NOT USE ANY TAPE, GLUE OR NAILS TO HANG/DISPLAY ANYTHING.   You will be charged for any evidence of paint/wall damage.  

Most of our business is generated by repeat customers and word of mouth.  The reasons for this is that we respect what our customers’ needs are and appreciate constructive criticism to help better understand & provide for our customers.

Whether you’re renovating your home, relocating for a new job opportunity, traveling on leisure or anything in between we are most happy to accommodate your needs and certainly appreciate your business. 

It is situated in historic Germantown/Buena Vista which is a quiet neighborhood. Only 15 minutes from the airport, a short walk to Farmers Market, a short drive to the Titans Stadium, Printer's Alley, museums, the convention center and all the city's amenities. The house is near many shopping areas, Opry Mills, Cool Springs Galleria, Green Hills Mall or the Lebanon Outlets for shopping.  Spend a day at the track with the horses - Kentucky Downs is just 30 miles north of the city limits.

Overall, although it is not a hotel, I hope you agree that it ends up being better! You have a much larger space with a full kitchen and easy access to so many neighborhoods including downtown. You will get to experience a totally different side of Nashville than would be offered at a mainstream hotel chain.

We also have cabins in the Smoky Mountains should you ever need a place in Gatlinburg area or Pigeon Forge!  Thank you very much!

Distance info:
Bridgestone Arena: 2 miles
Country Music Hall of Fame: 2.5 miles
LP Field: 2.7 miles
Schermerhorn Symphony Center: 2.2 miles
TPAC: 1.75 miles
Nashville International Airport: 9 miles
Belmont University: 4 miles
Vanderbilt University: 3.2 miles

Guest access
Please check the welcome guide for the door and alarm code.  It may go to your spam folder so be sure and check that as well.

Other things to note
Please be aware we do not provide daily housekeeping or provide additional toilet paper/trash bags during your stay.  Please prepare should you have extended stays.  

Air mattress available upon request. 
Parking available on site.  Three parking places on 
front driveway and two parking places behind home accessed thru alley off Garfield Street.
Check in early for additional $75 or check out late for additional $75 if needed.  Coffee maker is a drip style and also a Keurig K-cup should you need to know!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lisa
Host User ID: 2066370
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/2066370
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in Kentucky, raised in Texas.  Well-traveled domestically and internationally.  Art and antique collector, creative spirit, entrepreneur.  I proudly come from a long line of talented, creative women and strong willed men.  I work full-time in medical sales.  In my home I firmly believe that "It's Never Too Late To Live Happily Ever After" and "Free to be You and Me."  My life is never a dull moment.  When I am not working in my day job, I am usually doing something creative in my yard, on canvas, collecting thru thrift shops, yard sales or auctions or on a spontaneous road trip. 

My family has worked in the bed and breakfast industry for years (in Berlin, Germany) and I am familiar with the business.  I am considered fun outgoing and always ready for adventure.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
14 years hosting
1520 reviews
4.79 out of 5 average rating
14 years of hosting