URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/34642330
Latitude: 36.19522
Longitude: -86.77024
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 10
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Hi Y’all! Experience Nashville in Style – Private Home with Rooftop, 2-Car Garage, and Downtown Skyline Views!

Welcome to your home away from home in vibrant East Nashville, just 2 miles from Broadway! This spacious private home offers the perfect combination of comfort, style, and convenience for your next Music City adventure. Whether you're here to explore Nashville’s famous attractions or just relax in a luxurious setting, we've got you covered!

The space
🏠 ENTRY FLOOR 🏠

🔑 Keyless Entry: Secure access with a personalized code

🛏️ Cozy Bedroom: Two full beds with an ensuite bathroom for privacy

🚗 Private Garage: Secure 2-car parking for your convenience

🏢 FIRST FLOOR 🏢

🛋️ Spacious Living Room: Comfortable seating for 10 guests

🎥 Smart TV: Disney+, Hulu, Netflix  for entertainment

☕ Fully Equipped Kitchen: Toaster, Keurig, cookware, coffee and more

🍷 Entertaining Essentials: Wine glasses, shot glasses, and dinnerware

🛏️ Extra Sleeping: Two queen sofa beds

🏡 SECOND FLOOR 🏡

🛏️ Queen Suite: Two queen beds, ensuite bath, WFH desk, ergonomic chair, Smart TV

🛏️ Royal King Room: King bed, ensuite bath, and Smart TV

🧼 Laundry Room: Washer & dryer for longer stays

🌆 ROOFTOP 🌆

🌄 Breathtaking Views: Enjoy Nashville’s skyline

🧥 Outdoor Seating: Relaxing hammock, sunshade chairs, and beach chairs

📺 Outdoor TV: Watch games or your favorite shows

🛋️ Designated Smoking Area

🛋️ ADDITIONAL SLEEPING OPTIONS 🛋️

🏡 Extra Beds: 3 rollout beds

🛏️ Sofa Beds: Two in the living room

🔓 GUEST ACCESS 🔓

🏠 Entire Home: Fully private for your stay

🔑 Keyless Entry: Code provided 48 hours before arrival

⚠️ OTHER THINGS TO NOTE ⚠️

🐾 No Unapproved Pets

🚫 No Smoking Indoors

🎉 No Parties or Events

🚗 PARKING 🚗

🏡 2-Car Garage: Secure parking for guests

🚓 Street Parking Available 

📅 Book now for an unforgettable Music City experience! 🎶🍹

Nashville vacation home, luxury Nashville rental, private movie theater, game room Nashville, rooftop with skyline view, downtown Nashville rental, Music City getaway, family-friendly Nashville, 2-car garage Nashville, high-speed WiFi, group retreat Nashville, home with PlayStation, Airbnb for large groups, vacation rental with board games, family fun Nashville, group rental Nashville.

Guest access
The system will automatically generate a welcome message with all the access codes and information 48 hours prior to arrival.

Other things to note
★★★★ GREAT FOR LARGE GROUPS ★★★★
We own the whole complex. There are 5 side by side large beautiful NEW townhomes with the capability of holding up to 50 guests. Each house has 3 bedrooms and 3.5 baths. We have accommodation that can fit any group size, so please inquire and we will find the best option for you!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Itay
Host User ID: 115173292
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115173292
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
In the past 6 years, we've been working with large groups and became experts in hosting bachelorette/bachelor parties, family reunions, corporate retreats, and weddings.
We know that guests are looking for an enjoyable and pleasant experience, so we carefully selected our homes' portfolio and designed each home with our guests in mind. All our properties have private open space, hangout areas, large bedrooms with plenty of comfortable beds and located close to all the hot spots The city has to offer.  
We are also locals with real-time availability. Please reach out to us with any questions about the property or any requests or recommendations.
Born in the 80s
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
1374 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting