URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1237086280167593071
Latitude: 36.1558
Longitude: -86.7739
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Downtown Apartment. Sleeps 8 comfortably! Located in The Burnham,  walking distance to everything Downtown Nashville has to offer!  Just 2 blocks from Music City Center, The Country Music Hall of Fame, Convention Center, and Bridgestone Arena. About 3 blocks from the the world famous Honky Tonks on Broadway! Also a short walk to The Ryman and Ascend Amphitheater. Also many great restaurants within a few blocks! Access to all building amenities including Pool, Courtyard, Gym, and Skylounge!

The space
Welcome to FarmhouseBnB! Our apartment features 2 Bedrooms and 2 Bathrooms. Our unit features a blend of country/farmhouse style with luxurious amenities throughout. Both of our 2 bedrooms feature King size beds with very comfortable mattresses and pillows. If sleeping more than 4 guests both of our sofas pull out easily into beds, one being a queen size, and the other being a full size bed. Both sleeper sofas offer foam mattresses and foam mattress toppers, as well as linens and pillows for each. There is also a twin size air mattress provided if need be. Each bedroom is equipped with a 55" Smart TV. There is also a full length mirror provided in each room so you can easily get ready for your night out on the town!

The living room has a 65" Smart TV as well as WiFi included for you.  There are two Sofas for seating , end tables, throw blankets, and a coffee table that opens up into a dining table for eating.

The bathrooms are equipped with the same style as the rest of the unit and comes fully stocked with plenty of towels, washcloths, make up towels, and a blow dryer in each one.

The Kitchen offers a refrigerator, stove, dishwasher, and large island sink. There are 3 comfortable bar stools on the other side of the island for eating or just conversing. There is also a toaster provided along with a coffee bar utilizing a Keurig K-Cup single serve pods or you can brew a whole pot for the whole crew! The kitchen is stocked with dishes if you would prefer to eat in rather than eat out.

Washer and Dryer provided inside the apartment

We also feature a Mini Bar to guests staying over the age of 21!

This unit has a balcony that over looks the pool and has seating for 2 as well as a small table.

2 Story GYM with a Rock Climbing Wall!
Outdoor Pool- Hours are 10am-8pm
Sky Lounge with outdoor Patio
Fire Pits and Grills in the Courtyard
On-Site Maintenance and concierge
Baggage Bell Hop for an additional charge
(Drop your bags early and go out on the town)

We offer a parking space within locked gates to our guests for an additional $35 per day paid separately through AirBnB  if you would like. 

We look forward to providing you with a Very comfortable and inviting place to stay!

Maximum Occupancy is 8 guests.

Be Sure to lock the door whenever leaving your room by pressing on the center of the electronic lock outside the door and be sure you hear the lock work.

Permit#:2018073540

Guest access
Guests will have access to all areas of the building including amenities given through the Latch App.

You will be sent a Latch App guide and video tutorial after booking and before check-in.

Other things to note
The Burnham Nashville Community Policies for Airbnb Guests:
POOL & COURTYARD:

• Pool hours: 10am-8pm - Courtyard hours: 10am-10pm
• No glass in the pool (including the pool deck). Use of paper or plastic containers only. You will be banned
from the pool for the remainder of your stay.
• If glass is broken in the pool or on the pool deck, you will be charged for damages. Damages include but
are not limited to: labor and cost of water to drain and refill pool, any incidents resulting from broken glass,
loss of income, etc. An example of costs we’ve seen in the past has been in excess of $3000.
• Food is allowed at the pool deck but never in the pool.
• For the enjoyment of all guests, when using the pool or courtyard area, please keep noise levels to a
minimum. Loud music is not permitted.
• Burnham is a pet free community. Pets are not permitted in the pool or courtyard at any time. $250.00 fine
will be issued, and you will be banned from the pool.
• No diving, dunking, running, pushing, rough play, rowdy behavior or obscene language in the pool area.
• Airbnb guests will be required to provide proof of reservation and only guest names listed on the reservation
will be allowed in the pool area. Airbnb guest who’s name the booking is under are considered “residents”
for the purposes of the pool and amenities. Management will be checking for Airbnb reservations so
please be sure to have readily available or you will be asked to leave.
• Parties are not allowed.
• Video surveillance and access entry tracking is in place.
• Grills are first come first serve. Please be present at all times while using the grill and please clean the grill
after your use.
• Cabanas may be reserved for up to 4 hours. Guests must coordinate with their host directly.

QUIET HOURS:

• Quiet hours are from 10pm-7am. Please be respectful of your neighbors during these hours and keep noise
levels to a minimum. To report a noise complaint, please contact on-site security by calling the main office
and following the prompts for security. If noise levels exceed reasonable volumes and cause a
disturbance, you will be asked to leave the premises.

SMOKING:

• The Burnham is a smoke free community. All forms and use of burning, lighted, vaporized, or ignited
products and smoking of products inside the building, including but not limited to tobacco, is strictly
prohibited. This policy includes balconies and all indoor amenity spaces. Smoking must be at least 15 feet
from the building. $250.00 fine will be issued.

PARKING:

• Parking behind the gate in all garages is assigned and must have a parking pass that corresponds with your
parking space # displayed with unique resident code provided by your host.
• Guests must park in front of the gate in the main garage off Rep. John Lewis Way S. and enter their vehicle
information into the pay machine located by the building entrance in the parking garage.
• $100 fine issued per violation and vehicle subject to booting or immediate towing.
• Burnham Management or hosts will not be responsible for reimbursing any fees.

TRASH:

• All trash must be placed in the trash chute on your floor by the “55” stack (255, 355, 455, 555, 655).
• Do not leave trash sitting in the trash room at any time for any reason. If the chute is clogged, please notify
your host. You may dispose of trash directly in the dumpster in the alley by the Basement garage entry.
• Any trash. Including cardboard boxes, left in hallways or common areas will be fined $25 per bag/box.
• Boxes must be cut and broken down and put down the trash chute (not left in the trash room and not in
the garage or other common areas. If any boxes are left in the trash room, garages, or common areas,
you will be fined at $25 per box or the total cost to have the boxes or items picked up.

PETS:

• We do not allow pets at Burnham at any time.
• There will be a $250.00 fine for unregistered pets/unreported pets.

BALCONIES/PATIOS/ENTRANCE:

• Balconies/patios should always be kept neat and clean. Grills and open flame devices are not permitted
on the balconies and must be 15 feet from any building. No towels or other items hung from railing.
• NO GLASS permitted on balconies overlooking pool area, as it can easily be blown or fall onto pool deck.
You would then be responsible for damages (see Pool & Courtyard policy).

DRESS CODE:

• Shirt and shoes required in all common areas. If wearing a swimsuit to the pool, you must be fully covered
in the elevator and all common areas until arriving to the pool.

Guests in violation of any community policies will be asked to leave the premises immediately. This includes but is not limited
to nuisance complaints, illegal activity, behaviors that interfere with the quiet enjoyment of other residents and guests in the
community, as well as interfering with business operations or activities that pose a threat to the safety or well-being of others
including but not limited to employees, vendors, residents, or other guests. Management reserves the right to trespass in
these instances.
In efforts to ensure our residents and guests continue to enjoy our wonderful community, the policies and rules outlined
above will be STRICTLY ENFORCED.
Thank you for choosing to stay at The Burnham and we hope you come back soon!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jimmy
Host User ID: 432376719
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/432376719
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Born in the 80s
Where I went to school: WyoTech Trade School
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
2 years hosting
115 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
2 years of hosting