URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/32777010
Latitude: 36.1696
Longitude: -86.798
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step onto the rooftop as the Nashville skyline ignites in gold. The fire pit crackles, string lights glow, and the drinks are poured. This is the Aviator Retreat: a design-forward, four-story escape featuring 3 bedrooms and 3.5 baths for up to 10 guests. Located just 1 mile from the heart of Music City, you’re only a 5-minute Uber from the neon lights of Broadway. Whether you’re lounging on the wraparound sectional or heading downtown, the best of Nashville starts right here.

The space
Welcome to the Aviator Retreat, where rustic vibes meet modern Nashville luxury. Warm leather, rich textures, and bold themes create a design-forward vibe across four spacious floors.

Whether you’re whipping up a feast in the chef’s kitchen, lounging by the TV, or heading straight to the private rooftop for skyline views, our home is built for connection. Just one mile from downtown and five minutes to Broadway—experience Music City with grit and grace.

The main living room anchors the home: plush sectional, 65" HDTV with Apple TV, Netflix, Disney+, Hulu, HBO Max apps ready for your log in, and premium cable. Patio doors open on 2 different levels overlooking Nashville's skyline— the party flows inside-out and offers scenic views of the city.

OUTDOOR EXPERIENCE: ROOFTOP PATIO & SUNSET VIEWS

An L-shaped sectional wraps around a gas fire pit large enough for your whole group. A wet bar with beverage fridge keeps drinks flowing without trips downstairs. Outdoor dining table, wicker lounge chairs and a panoramic Nashville skyline view in every direction. Drone-worthy at sunset. Unforgettable at midnight.

BEDROOMS & BATHROOMS: EVERYONE HAS THEIR OWN SPACE

Our home sleeps 10 guests across 3 bedrooms and 7 beds
Bedroom 1: Queen-over-Queen bunk, entry level, ensuite bath
Bedroom 2: King bed, fold-out twin couch, ensuite bath
Bedroom 3: Queen-over-Queen bunk, second level, hallway bath access
Living room: Queen sleeper sofa on second level with hallway half bath
3.5 total baths — nobody waits before a night out on Broadway.

KITCHEN & DINING: AT HOME COOKING & CONNECTING

Stainless steel gas range, oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, quartz countertops, and an oversized island with bar stools. Open living area flows into the kitchen — 65-inch HDTV, books, and board games. Dining table seats 8+ under an industrial chandelier.

EVERYTHING YOU NEED FOR FAMILIES WITH YOUNG CHILDREN

Traveling with babies or toddlers? We've thought ahead: pack 'n play / travel crib, folding high chair, baby bath, changing table, baby monitor, children's dinnerware, and children's books and toys for multiple age groups. Safety is covered too — baby gates, outlet covers, window guards, fireplace guards, and table corner guards. You don't have to pack it or rent it — it's all here.

COMFORT & CONVENIENCE INCLUDED

In-unit washer and dryer means laundry without leaving the property — a real difference-maker on longer trips. High-speed WiFi runs throughout, and a dedicated workspace in a room with a door makes remote work or a quick check-in easy. Central heating and air and portable fans keep everyone comfortable year-round.

LOCATION & WHAT'S NEARBY

Our home is at the crossroads of two of Nashville's most popular and energizing neighborhoods: Germantown and North Gulch — both only 1 mile from downtown Nashville.

ON FOOT:
• Marathon Motor Works — 3 blocks. Boutique shops, distilleries, live music at Marathon Music Works.
• Bicentennial Capitol Mall State Park — 0.8 mi. 19-acre park, great morning walk.

5–8 MIN UBER:
• Lower Broadway & Honky Tonk Row — 1.8 mi. Tootsie's, Luke's 32 Bridge, Jason Aldean's rooftop.
• The Gulch — 1.5 mi. L.A. Jackson rooftop bar, upscale dining, boutique hotels.
• Germantown — 1 mi. Rolf & Daughters, 5th & Taylor, Henrietta Red.
• TopGolf Nashville — 1.6 mi. Great group activity before Broadway.
• Bridgestone Arena — 1.7 mi. Predators and major concerts.
• Nissan Stadium — 2.4 mi. Titans, Nashville SC, touring acts.
• Music Row — 1.7 mi. Nashville's legendary recording studio corridor.
• Nashville Sounds Stadium — 1 mi. AAA baseball, easy access.

12–18 MIN:
• 12 South — 5 mi. Murals, boutique shopping, "I Believe in Nashville" mural.
• East Nashville — 3.3 mi. Five Points bars and local restaurants.
• Nashville Airport (BNA) — 10 mi, ~18 min.

WHO THIS HOME IS BEST FOR

Celebrating groups: Bachelor(ette) parties, birthdays, reunions. The rooftop offers the pre-game experience, the kitchen feeds everyone, and Broadway is 5 minutes away — close enough to Uber, far enough to sleep.

Families with kids: Pack 'n play, high chair, baby monitor, safety gates, fenced backyard, children's gear. Parents can actually relax here.

Friends Weekends: Cook together, lounge together, and retreat to your own space when you need it. The multi-level layout means you can be together or apart without stepping on each other.

Music Fans & Concert Goers: Bridgestone, Nissan Stadium, and Marathon Music Works are all within 2 miles. Come back after the show and debrief on the rooftop.

Corporate teams: Fast WiFi, dedicated workspace, large dining table that works as a conference setup, and a rooftop for team happy hour. Functional without feeling corporate.

PARKING: GARAGE, DRIVEWAY & STREET PARKING

Our home includes a private two-car residential garage — a real luxury in urban Nashville where street parking is competitive and paid lots are expensive. Vehicles are secure and off the street. Additional free street parking is available for a 3rd vehicle.  For rideshare arrivals, the alley drop-off is easy and well-lit. No passes, permits, or meters required.

Guest access
You'll have full, private access to the entire home — all bedrooms, bathrooms, living room, kitchen, dining, laundry, backyard, garage, and driveway.

Check-in is self-guided via smart lock — your unique code arrives before you do. No waiting, no key exchange. Check-in after 3:00 PM; Checkout by 10:00 AM.

Exterior security cameras are at access points for everyone's safety. We offer fully private entrances — no shared lobby or hallway with other guests.

Other things to note
Maximum 10 guests. No smoking inside (the rooftop is fine). 

Service animals are welcome per ADA guidelines. No pets. 

No parties or gatherings beyond your registered guest group. Quiet hours begin at 10:00 PM — North Gulch is part urban core meets residential, and our neighbors are part of what makes this neighborhood special.

Please treat our home as your own and report any issues promptly. We're here to help if anything needs attention.

We genuinely love this neighborhood and this home, and we know you will too!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chandler
Host User ID: 96739684
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/96739684
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Howdy, y’all! We’re Kim and Chandler—a husband-and-wife duo with a passion for hospitality and creating unforgettable stays. Since 2016, we’ve been welcoming guests to Nashville, blending Southern charm with thoughtful design. As avid travelers, we know what makes a stay special, and we’re dedicated to providing an authentic local experience. Our goal is sharing the magic of Music City while making every guest feel at home. We'd love to host you!
Where I went to school: Louisiana Tech University
My work: Digital Entrepreneur
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
700 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting