URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1143001610595459843
Latitude: 36.1743
Longitude: -86.7616
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 50
beds: 103
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
*This is a buyout of 20 units offering a total of 75 bedrooms, with an occupancy of 190.*

- 10-minutes to all the excitement of Broadway and Downtown Nashville
- Comfortable living areas
- Curated, Nashville-inspired design and decor
- Fully equipped kitchens with a full suite of appliances
- Private rooftop patios with plenty of seating

The space
*Please note that the layout and design may vary from what is showcased in the photos. Please reach out if you have any questions.*

Outrider is your key to experiencing Nashville like never before. Just a 5-minute rideshare away from Downtown and Broadway, you'll have access to all the city's excitement against the backdrop of a cool, curated design worthy of all your aesthetic dreams.

This Buyout offers units with spacious, flexible layouts perfect for a group looking to connect and explore the city. You’ll find chic, Nashville-inspired design and a vibrant, playful atmosphere. Spacious living rooms and dining areas are ideal for spending quality time with your group, while the fully equipped kitchens boast full suites of appliances and everything you need to make at-home meals and snacks a breeze. The dedicated desk spaces are perfect for remote workers or students. Escape the city’s hustle and bustle on the spacious, private rooftop patios for outdoor living in style. With ample seating, it’s the perfect place to unwind with evening cocktails and good company.

When it’s time to recharge, retreat to one of the comfortable bedrooms. Select bedrooms each offer an ensuite bathroom, while additional full bathrooms and half bathrooms ensure plenty of space for your group to get ready for another day of Nashville adventures.

It's time to unlock Nashville as it was meant to be experienced. Outrider is ready to show you the city while treating you to style, convenience, and all the comforts of home.

We strive to ensure each guest's experience is exceptional. Please note that while the apartment you receive will meet our high standards of comfort and quality, there may be slight variations in layout and design from the images on the listing. Rest assured, your satisfaction is our priority, and we're here to make your stay memorable.

East Nashville is one of Nashville's oldest neighborhoods, located just across the Cumberland River. Known for its eclectic and artsy atmosphere, you'll find some of the city's best restaurants, live music venues, shopping, and easy access to Nissan Stadium. Bonus: all of the excitement of Broadway is just a 10-minute Uber drive away. Don't be surprised if you see one of your favorite musicians walking around this neighborhood, as many of them call it home!

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

Other things to note
*Home Truths:*
- Please note our occupancy includes an additional two beyond bed count. Trifold floor mattresses and additional linens can be provided upon request.
- There are stairs present within each unit. Please note this home may not be suitable for guests with mobility issues.

Parking Details:
1 parking space is allowed per unit. 
Street parking is available.
Please note: Vehicles must be parked only in approved areas to avoid towing.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2022046546-2022048389

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting