URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1413128645116554596
Latitude: 36.168697445430155
Longitude: -86.75718770644684
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Charming Southwest Cactus Retreat in East Nashville – Walk to Nissan Stadium & Five Points 

Welcome to your perfect getaway in East Nashville! This vibrant and stylish Southwest cactus-themed home is the ultimate spot for a group of friends or family looking to experience the best of Music City. With its cozy yet modern vibe and prime location, you're just a short stroll away from Nissan Stadium and all the bars and restaurants in the lively Five Points neighborhood.

The space
This spacious 3-bedroom, 2.5-bathroom retreat comfortably sleeps up to 6 guests, offering plenty of room to relax, recharge, and enjoy all Nashville has to offer. You will have full access to the entire home, deck, and backyard area. Every corner of our home is designed with a playful Southwestern cactus theme that brings warmth, personality, and character to your stay.

Highlights:
- Comfortable Sleeping Arrangements: Three cozy bedrooms, each with plush bedding, stylish décor, and plenty of storage. All three bedrooms have spacious queen beds. Extra blankets and pillows are available.

- Vibrant Living Area: Lounge in the spacious, open-concept living space with bright colors, comfortable seating, and quirky details. Whether you're chatting, playing games, or unwinding after a day of exploring, this space is perfect for socializing. Smart TV is available for use. This includes a bar area as well, with a beverage fridge.

- Equipped Kitchen: The open-concept kitchen comes with everything you need to cook up a meal, including modern appliances, cookware, and a dining table for six. Dishes and table settings available for use. Includes a Nespresso and some pods for your morning coffee or a drip coffee maker if you prefer

- Backyard Paradise: Step outside to your own backyard with seating on the deck and string lights. The large deck is the perfect spot for lounging, whether you’re enjoying your morning coffee, soaking in the evening sunset, or having a cozy nights under the stars. The backyard is fully fenced, and the perfect place for your furry friends. There is a private parking area in the back which accommodates one vehicle. 

- Extras: Farm fresh eggs available upon request! We will have fresh, local, pasture raised eggs from our farm waiting for you upon arrival at your request! $10 per dozen

Location:
- Walk to Nissan Stadium: Only a 15-minute walk to Nissan Stadium, so you’ll be right in the heart of the action whether you’re catching a Titans game, a concert, or another major event.

- Explore Five Points: Just a few blocks away from the eclectic and trendy Five Points area, where you can stroll to local bars, coffee shops, boutique stores, and some of the best food Nashville has to offer.

- Easy Access to Downtown: A short 5-minute drive to downtown Nashville (or 30 minute walk over the pedestrian bridge!), where you can dive into the honky-tonks, live music venues, and world-famous attractions like the Country Music Hall of Fame.

The Neighborhood: East Nashville is a lively neighborhood known for its artsy vibe and eclectic mix of restaurants, bars, and shops. From vibrant murals to charming local businesses, you’ll feel the creativity and community energy that makes this neighborhood so unique.

Other Things to Note:
- Parking: Street parking is available, in addition to a private parking pad in the backyard. 
- Pets: We love pets! The backyard is completely fenced and perfect for dogs
- Self-Check-In: Enjoy easy access with a keyless entry system.

Whether you're here for the sports, the music, or just to soak up the local culture, this home is the perfect base for your Nashville adventure. Come for the cactus vibes, stay for the memories!

Guest access
Guests have access to the entire private home and fully fenced backyard.

Registration Details
2024102042

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Matthew
Host User ID: 693531098
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/693531098
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
1 year hosting
49 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
1 year of hosting