URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1045191312427007883
Latitude: 36.17093
Longitude: -86.55993
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Mount Juliet, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Discover the best of both worlds—serene country living just 15 minutes from Downtown Nashville. Enjoy a cozy retreat in our newly renovated 1950s private guest cottage, offering a harmonious blend of design and historic charm.

The space
This newly renovated private guest house was designed with our friends and guests in mind. With a full bedroom, bathroom, living area, office, kitchen, and expansive backyard with a firepit, this space has everything you need to enjoy the best of Nashville. 

Centrally located, just 20 minutes from Downtown Nashville, 15 minutes to the airport, 5 minutes to Percy Preist Lake, and minutes to Mount Juliet shopping and dining. 

Designed to provide you with a home away from home, this beautifully furnished home exudes an air of comfort and charm. Your own private residence offers an array of amenities and thoughtful touches, ensuring your stay is both enjoyable and memorable.

The maximum capacity is 3 adults; we will also accept a party of 4-5 if it's a family with 2 adults and their children. Please note that the owner resides on the premises in a separate home.

NOTE: Being in the middle of the countryside and trees, the area is tranquil and full of wildlife. This does include various types of insects, which at certain times of the year try to venture inside. Although we pay for an extermination service and extensive cleaning before and after each stay, we can't guarantee you won't get a visit from a ladybug or spider. We also cannot guarantee protection from bug bites outside! 

BEDROOM
- Master: Queen Bed, Large Closet, Ceiling Fan
- Air mattress & Pack N Play (upon request prior to check in)

The home comes stocked with everything you need for a short or long stay:   
-	High speed Wi-Fi
-	Smart TV with streaming capabilities 
-	Fully stocked kitchen
-	Complimentary coffee bar
-	Bath essentials
-	Freshly laundered linens and shower/beach towels

OTHER AMENITIES:
-	Fire Pit
-	Outdoor lighting 
-	Board games
-	High speed Wifi and office nook with desk
-	Pack N Play Crib (upon request)

Guest access
Guests will have EXCLUSIVE access to the entire home and private backyard. 

Security cameras are installed at the front of the home to monitor occupancy and for emergency purposes only. No security cameras are present inside the property.

Other things to note
By Booking this home, all guests must agree to the following House Rules:

1. Check-in is at 3 pm. Check-out time is any time before 10 am. You're welcome to request an early check in or late checkout, subject to calendar availability. We are unable to confirm availability until 24 hours prior to arrival or departure.

2. Occupancy is limited to the total number of guests you indicate on your reservation. Any additional guests or visitors must be approved by your host.

3. Parties, events, or excessive noise are not allowed. Please be respectful of our neighbors and observe quiet hours from 9PM-9AM. Violations after our initial warning may result in your removal from the property. We are located in a residential community and, while this is a vacation destination, it's home to many people. As such we ask that you respect their privacy and peaceful environment.

4. We do not allow smoking of any kind anywhere on the premises; including the use of e-cigarettes and marijuana. Breaking this rule will result in a fee and removal from the property without refund.

5. Pets are permitted upon approval from host and with an additional fee. All pets MUST be approved by the host prior to check in. $50 per pet due to additional cleaning needed. **NOTE: Any damage or extensive cleaning from pets will result in an ADDITIONAL fee.**

6. Guests take full responsibility for any accidents, injuries, or illnesses that occur while on the premises or its facilities. By accepting this reservation, it is agreed that all guests are expressly assuming the risk of any harm arising from their use of the premises. Guests recognize that they may personally purchase insurance to protect themselves in such cases.

7. We understand accidents may occur, so if there is any accidental or intentional damage caused to the home, please let us know prior to your departure.

8. This property may have video surveillance in outdoor public spaces to ensure the safety and security of all guests. There are no cameras inside the home. Any tampering with the external security devices is against property rules and may result in cancellation of the reservation. 

9. Guests are prohibited from carrying or otherwise possessing a firearm at any time on the property, including carrying firearms in an open or concealed manner. This policy applies to all types of firearms.

10. Any items left behind can be sent back for a charge of $25 plus the cost to ship and must be prepared before the item will be sent.

11. Have fun, and please respect the home and host!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Rachel
Host User ID: 349111719
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/349111719
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! We're Rachel & Chase -- hosts, travelers, and short-term rental operators who genuinely enjoy creating comfortable, well-designed spaces for guests to enjoy. We love hospitality, thoughtful details, and helping people feel at home whether they’re visiting for work, adventure, or a relaxing getaway. We take pride in providing clean, well-maintained properties and clear communication throughout your stay. We look forward to hosting you!
My work: Marketing
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
221 reviews
4.88 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting