URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1679855420716744567
Latitude: 36.19355
Longitude: -86.76441
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Hearth and Hideout by AvantStay! Tucked into East Nashville's Cleveland Park, this second-floor retreat blends warm, elevated design with quick access to Five Points, downtown, and the city's best coffee and music spots.

🛏️ Sleeps 8 across 3 bedrooms + 2 baths
🌆 Shared rooftop terrace with skyline views
🅿️ On-site parking + in-unit laundry

The space
Step inside and the layout opens up easy and bright — a sun-filled living area that flows into a fully equipped kitchen, with barstool seating at the counter for slow mornings and casual catch-ups while someone's flipping pancakes. The design leans into that warm-meets-elevated feel: soft textures, considered details, and natural light pouring through every room.
⠀
Three bedrooms sleep up to eight comfortably. The primary suite features a queen bed and ensuite bath for a private retreat, a second bedroom offers two full beds for friends or family sharing, and a third room with a queen-over-queen bunk adds a playful, space-saving setup that kids and adults both love. A second full bath and in-unit washer and dryer keep group stays seamless.
⠀
When the day winds down, head up to the building's shared rooftop terrace — a wide-open spot with skyline views, plenty of seating, and the kind of golden-hour glow that makes you want to linger. Morning coffee, evening cocktails, late-night conversations under the Tennessee sky: it earns its keep.
⠀
One on-site parking spot is available behind the building on a first-come, first-served basis, with additional street parking nearby. From here, you're minutes to Nissan Stadium, a quick rideshare to downtown, and walking distance to some of East Nashville's best cafés and neighborhood haunts. Hearth and Hideout is the kind of home base that lets you dive into the city and still come back to something quiet, comfortable, and entirely yours.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There's a reason Nashville, TN, has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving BBQ. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- A pack and play and high chair are available upon request.

Parking Details:
- Parking is available in an open, unassigned lot on a first-come, first-served basis. 1 car per unit.
- Street parking is also available — please be sure to follow posted street signs.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

All bookings over 30 days require a security deposit to be charged after booking.

Registration Details
2024083961

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6913 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting