URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1562516579173804366
Latitude: 36.2083
Longitude: -86.7851
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
New listing alert! Be one of the first to stay. Welcome to the Nashville Hideaway Retreat! This spacious 4‑bedroom, 4‑bath home offers 10 beds, a private hot tub, and a themed game room perfect for large groups. With modern design, premium amenities, and access to a community pool, it’s the ideal spot for families, friends, or business travelers just minutes from downtown Nashville’s music, dining, and nightlife.

The space
🌟 Brand-New Nashville Luxury Getaway | Hot Tub • Mini Golf • Game Room • Outdoor Kitchen • Community Pool • 10 Beds • 4BR/4BA

Welcome to your perfect Nashville escape! This brand new, designer home is built for groups who want modern comfort, tons of entertainment, and hotel-level amenities—all just a short ride from the city’s best dining, nightlife, and attractions. Whether you’re celebrating a special occasion, planning a family vacation, or hosting a group getaway, this home checks every box.

⸻

✨ Highlights You’ll Love

🛁 Private Hot Tub
Relax and unwind in your own private outdoor hot tub, perfect after a long day exploring Nashville.

🔥 Outdoor Kitchen + Grill
Fire up a feast in the full outdoor kitchen featuring a built-in grill, prep area, and seating—ideal for BBQ nights and gathering around with the whole group.

⛳ Private Mini Golf Course
Enjoy hours of fun on your custom mini golf putting green—great for kids and adults!

🎮 Game Room
Challenge your group in the dedicated game room, equipped with arcade games and air hockey. The perfect late-night hangout.

🏊‍♂️ Community Pool Access
Cool off in the community pool, just steps away and available during the season.

⸻

🛏 Bedrooms & Bathrooms (Sleeps 10–16 comfortably)

This spacious 4-bedroom, 4-bathroom home was designed with group comfort in mind. With 10 total beds, everyone has space to unwind.

Bedroom 1 – Primary Suite
• King bed with a twin loft 
• En-suite bathroom
• Smart TV

Bedroom 2
• 2 queen beds
• En-suite or adjacent full bathroom

Bedroom 3
• one queen bed with twin loft 
• en suite bathroom 

Bedroom 4 / Bunk Room
• 4 Queen beds (bunks) perfect for kids or groups
• private bathroom 

Bathrooms
• 4 full bathrooms stocked with fresh towels, toiletries, and hair dryers.

⸻

🏡 Living Spaces

Modern Living Room: Bright, open-concept layout with plush seating, large Smart TV, and stylish décor.
Fully Stocked Kitchen: Stainless steel appliances, coffee maker, cookware, dishes, and everything you need for group meals.
Dining Area: Room for the whole group to gather and enjoy meals together.
Washer & Dryer: Full laundry closet for longer stays.

⸻

**Please Note: This beautiful home is part of a brand-new community that's still being completed. You'll be among the first to enjoy the Horizon pool, colorful mural, and the vibrant energy of the neighborhood. As some construction may still be in progress, we kindly ask for your patience with the possibility of light noise during your stay. Thank you for being part of this exciting new chapter!

🌆 Location

Nestled in a modern Nashville community with amenities, you’re:
• 10–15 minutes to Downtown Broadway
• Close to top restaurants, cafés, and shopping
• Quick drive to 12 South, The Gulch, Midtown, and Music Row
• Easy access to the airport

⸻

🎉 Perfect For

• Family gatherings
• Bachelor/bachelorette trips
• Corporate stays
• Group vacations
• Long weekends & celebrations

⸻

⭐ Book with Confidence

Enjoy a spotless home, thoughtful details, hotel-quality linens, fast WiFi, and responsive communication throughout your stay. This is the perfect home base for an unforgettable Nashville experience!

This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1500 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $89 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $2 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Hope you enjoy your stay in Nashville!

Guest access
Guests enjoy full access to the entire home, including the hot tub, game room, kitchen, and outdoor spaces. You’ll also have access to the community pool. Self‑check‑in with smart lock ensures a seamless arrival, and free parking is available on site.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chris
Host User ID: 115505661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/115505661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I have always loved to travel.  We know that having a great place to stay is crucial to a great trip!
 
We first began hosting guests in our Nashville home 10 years ago.  Since then we have expanded to hosting multiple properties throughout Nashville and working to provide premier experiences for guests from all over the world!

Always available to help any guests with any needs!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
19406 reviews
4.84 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting