URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1705316757437388375
Latitude: 36.12398947739629
Longitude: -86.78823315351596
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 8
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to The Gilmore by AvantStay! Award-winning and guest-loved in the heart of 12 South — this 2-suite buyout pairs European leisure with Southern charm for groups who want privacy, polish, and a serious sense of place.

🏆 #1 of 235 on TripAdvisor, Top 1% on Airbnb, 4.9 stars on Google, #3 in the South by Southern Living
🌇 Skyline Terrace, Poet's Courtyard & Gilmore Room for the whole group
🛏️ 2 four-bedroom suites — sleeps 20, full kitchens, concierge & in-room spa

The space
This stay includes two four-bedroom suites, sleeping a total of 20 guests — privacy when you want it, togetherness when you don't.

Welcome to The Gilmore!

Award-winning and guest-loved, The Gilmore is #1 out of 235 hotels on TripAdvisor, Top 1% on Airbnb, 4.9 stars on Google, and ranked #3 in the South by Southern Living.

Join us at The Gilmore, where European leisure meets Southern At The Gilmore, European leisure meets Southern charm in the heart of 12 South — Nashville's first full-service hotel in the neighborhood. Mediterranean-inspired design meets AvantStay's five-star hospitality, with breezy courtyards built for gathering, a warm lobby that invites you to linger, and thoughtful details that quietly encourage you to slow down. Dedicated concierge, world-class guest experience, and curated food and beverage options are all part of the package.

The Three Suites -
Your group has the run of three four-bedroom suites, each sleeping 10. Every suite is anchored by king and queen bedrooms with blackout curtains for genuinely restful sleep, four full bathrooms, and a living area outfitted with a 65" Samsung Frame TV and a sleeper sofa. Large windows pull in plenty of natural light, and select suites open onto private balconies for a quiet moment with morning coffee. Full-size kitchens — stove, microwave, sink, fridge — make it easy to cook a casual breakfast or pour a nightcap. Each space comes stocked with full-size toiletries, a dedicated work space, a complimentary Nespresso, branded robes, and a clothing steamer.

The Hotel -
Beyond your suites, the property opens up into a series of spaces designed for the kind of stay where you actually use the common areas:

The Skyline Terrace is the rooftop's headline act — unbeatable views of the Nashville skyline, bistro tables for morning coffee, and lounge seating that hits its stride at sunset. Open to all guests, it holds up to 50 people. The Poet's Courtyard is a leafy ground-floor retreat with a community table and intimate nooks, accommodating up to 190 guests. Order in from neighboring restaurants and post up here for hours. The Gilmore Room is a sophisticated indoor multipurpose space for up to 33 — meetings, wellness sessions, private gatherings, whatever the group needs. And when you want to truly settle in, in-room massages, IV drips, and other spa services can be arranged on your schedule.

Buyouts & Events -
The Gilmore is purpose-built for groups. Beyond this 3-suite buyout, larger configurations (full floor, full hotel) are available, and a dedicated events manager handles the logistics — curated vendor options, dining reservations, transportation, and seamless coordination. The setup naturally lends itself to bachelor/bachelorette weekends, corporate retreats, weddings, milestone birthdays, and reunions.

12 South & Music City -
Step out the door and you're in the middle of one of Nashville's most-loved neighborhoods. 12 South is a walkable stretch of artisanal boutiques, trendy cafes, and celebrated restaurants — the kind of place where you wander out for coffee and end up gone for hours. A short ride pulls you into the rest of Music City: Broadway's honky-tonks, the Ryman Auditorium, the Grand Ole Opry, and live music spilling out of pretty much every door. Whether you're here for the music, the food, or the buzz of the city itself, The Gilmore puts it all within easy reach.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips.

Known for its welcoming charm and walkable streets, 12 South offers an eclectic mix of boutique shops, trendy restaurants, and cozy coffeehouses. This sought-after area combines the buzz of a thriving urban community with a friendly, local feel, making it one of Nashville’s most desirable locations. Whether you’re exploring nearby parks or indulging in some of the city’s best dining and shopping, 12 South is the perfect place to experience the energy and character of Music City.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay Style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- This home accepts dogs only and for a fee. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- There is no in-unit laundry at this space.
- Please note, these units are located on different floors.
- Please note that the unit number shown in this listing may not be the exact unit assigned at check-in. However, the reserved unit will match the advertised layout, occupancy, and overall features.

Parking Details:
- Paid self-parking is available on-site in a public underground garage for $40 per night.

  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620331379

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting