URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1682150568687136059
Latitude: 36.15173
Longitude: -86.82208
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Experience the best of Music City from this stylish 2BR, 2BA luxury apartment featuring skyline views, resort-style amenities, and an unbeatable location just minutes from Broadway, Music Row, Bridgestone Arena, and Downtown Nashville. Perfect for couples, families, business travelers, and weekend getaways, this spacious retreat sleeps up to 6 guests and offers modern comforts, high-speed Wi-Fi, a fully equipped kitchen, and premium community amenities.

The space
🏙️ Welcome to your modern Nashville retreat!

Enjoy a bright, open-concept apartment thoughtfully designed for comfort, style, and convenience. Whether you're visiting for concerts, sporting events, business, or a relaxing getaway, you'll have everything you need to feel right at home.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements

🛏️ Primary Bedroom – King Bed with private en-suite bathroom

🛏️ Second Bedroom – Queen Bed with generous closet space

🛌 Queen Air Mattress available for additional guests

✨ What You'll Love

🛋️ Spacious living room with contemporary Nashville-inspired décor

🌆 Large windows showcasing beautiful Nashville skyline views

🍳 Fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances and cookware

🍽️ Dining area perfect for meals or remote work

📶 High-speed Wi-Fi

📺 Smart TV for streaming your favorite shows

🛁 Two modern full bathrooms

💼 Ideal for business travelers, couples, families, and extended stays

🏢 Resort-Style Building Amenities

🏊 Resort-style swimming pool

💪 Modern fitness center

💻 Co-working spaces and resident lounges

🔐 Secure building with elevator access

🚗 Secure on-site parking available

📍 Nearby Attractions

🎸 Broadway – 10 minutes

🎤 Music Row – 5 minutes

🏟️ Bridgestone Arena – 10 minutes

🏈 Nissan Stadium – 12 minutes

☕ Local coffee shops, breweries & restaurants nearby

🍽️ Trendy dining and boutique shopping just minutes away

Whether you're here for live music, business, sporting events, or a weekend escape, this apartment offers the perfect combination of luxury, comfort, and location.

Guest access
Guests will enjoy full private access to the apartment along with shared access to the building's premium amenities.

Access to the building is provided via a key fob. One key fob will be available for your use during your stay and can be used to access the building and applicable common areas.

Please note that the building allows only one key fob per reservation, so we are unable to provide additional fobs. We recommend coordinating with your group accordingly.

Guests may enjoy access to:

🏊 Resort-style swimming pool

💪 Fitness center

💻 Co-working spaces

🛋️ Resident lounges

🚗 Secure parking (additional fee)

🏢 Shared building amenities

Other things to note
Please note that building amenities such as the pool, fitness center, elevators, and other shared facilities are managed by the building. Occasionally these amenities may be unavailable due to maintenance or unforeseen circumstances. Refunds cannot be issued for temporary amenity closures.

Building Policies

🚭 No smoking or vaping anywhere on the property, including balconies, pool areas, and common spaces. ($500 fine)

🍹 No glass containers permitted in pool areas. ($500 fine)

🔇 Quiet Hours: 10:00 PM – 7:00 AM

🏊 Pool Hours: 10:00 AM – 8:00 PM

🐾 No pets allowed.

📹 Security cameras monitor shared areas including the gym, parking areas, lobby, lounges, and pool.

🔑 One key fob is provided per reservation. Additional key fobs are not available.

🏢 Building amenities and common areas are shared with other residents and guests.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Leah
Host User ID: 180985588
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/180985588
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! I am so excited to host you and am passionate about creating a 5-star experience during your stay. I've been in Nashville about 4 years and fell in love with the city. I'd love to give you recommendations on places to eat or things to do, just let me know!
Born in the 90s
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
961 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting