URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1171088794079114656
Latitude: 36.1958
Longitude: -86.7811
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Vibrant Nashville Escape | Bold, Roomy and Ready for Your Crew

The space
Hot Tub Nights, Coffee Mornings, and Room for Everyone

Iconic murals, bold interiors, and the kind of rooftop you'll talk about long after checkout.

Howdy Honey is built for big laughs, clinking glasses, and memory-making moments. This 4BR/4BA stunner sleeps up to 12 with 8 beds and 2,146 square feet of space to spread out. With a vibrant interior (shoutout to Johnny and Dolly on the wall), photo-worthy corners, and the ultimate double-decker rooftop lounge—this one hits different.

Conveniently located just a quick drive from downtown, Howdy Honey gives you the best of both worlds: close enough to join the party, but far enough for a good night’s sleep. Ideal for college friend reunions, birthday getaways, or that annual crew trip you always talk about but rarely make happen. Until now.

Why You’ll Love This Place

✓	Room for Everyone: 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, and 8 beds—bring the whole gang.

✓	Rooftop Dreams: Double-decker rooftop with skyline views, posh lounge seating, and a hot tub under the stars.

✓	Bold Design: Fun, fearless decor—yes, that is Dolly and Johnny keeping watch.

✓	Group-Ready Layout: Plenty of space to connect or retreat. Everyone gets what they need.

✓	Near It All: Broadway’s buzz is just a short ride away—without the chaos outside your door.

House Layout & Features

1st Floor: Private entrance and double garage for easy access.

Main Floor: Open concept gathering space with a smart TV, fully stocked kitchen, full bath, and a king suite.

Next Floor: Two suites one with two queen beds, another with built-in queen and full bunks (4 beds total).

Top Floor: King suite with direct access to the expansive rooftop deck.

Double-Decker Rooftop: Lower deck has group seating and skyline views. Upper deck has a private hot tub.

Smart TVs & Fast Wi-Fi: Stream, share, and stay connected.

Fully Equipped Kitchen: Whether it’s brunch or cocktails, you’re covered.

Laundry Done Right: Off-site, high-temp commercial laundry service.

Noise Monitoring: Have fun but be respectful—our system is discreet and non-recording.

About the Neighborhood

Howdy Honey is tucked into a residential area northeast of downtown, near the historic Bordeaux and Cleveland Park neighborhoods. It’s a fast-growing pocket of Nashville with easy access to the action. You’ll be about 10 minutes from Broadway and 12 South, with Germantown and East Nashville just a quick drive away.

This isn’t tourist central—and that’s a good thing. You get peace when you want it, and party when you don’t.

Local Loves

Dine & Drink

•	Elle Jay Cafe ~ 0.3 mi – Cozy daytime café with bright vibes and friendly staff pouring quality coffee and light bites.

•	Kisser ~ 1.2 mi – Beloved Japanese comfort‑food lunch spot where guests rave about onigiri and sake‑marinated fish.

•	Audrey ~ 1.5 mi – Elevated Appalachian‑inspired dinner in a warm, locally‑rooted space—a true Nashville moment.

•	The Patterson House ~ 4.2 mi – Sleek, speakeasy‑style cocktail bar with high‑end pours and a polished, grown‑up vibe (perfect for group toasts).

•	Flame Cafe ~ 0.4 mi – Casual all‑day eatery serving bold‑flavored American dishes in a friendly, unpretentious setting.

•	East Side Banh Mi ~ 2.8 mi – Fast‑casual Vietnamese deli whipping up crave‑worthy banh mi and rice bowls perfect for group lunches.

Explore & Experience

•	Germantown – Trendy shops and local eats (~2.6 miles)

•	The Gulch – Urban-chic hangouts and murals (~4.6 miles)

•	West End/Midtown – More bars, more food, more fun (~6 miles)

•	Downtown Broadway – Honky Tonks and neon dreams (~2.6 miles)

Event Hotspots

•	Marathon Music Works – Live music in an industrial setting (~3.8 miles)

•	Ascend Amphitheater – Outdoor concerts on the river (~2.7 miles)

•	Ryman Auditorium – Nashville’s legendary stage (~2.6 miles)

•	Grand Ole Opry / Opryland – Country music magic (~9 miles)

The Vibe

Fun, fearless, and full of personality. Whether you’re sipping coffee together in the morning or raising a glass on the rooftop at night, Howdy Honey sets the stage for moments that matter. It’s bold, it’s bright, and it’s got room for your whole crew.

Book your stay and come see why this is the kind of place people talk about long after checkout.

Meet the Hosts

iTrip Nashville is a dedicated vacation rental company based in Nashville, TN. Our team is committed to providing a five-star experience for the guests we have the honor of hosting. From spotless spaces to seamless check-ins, we ensure that every detail is covered upon your arrival. We’re available 24/7 to assist as needed. Be our guests and allow us to help you create unforgettable memories in Nashville.

Love this property but your dates aren’t available? Reach out to us! We manage a variety of unique rentals across the area and would be happy to recommend another property that fits your needs.

Metro Nashville STR Permit 20240followed by45846

Other things to note
Please note that we may collect additional information from you after confirming your booking (usually an email address) in order to comply with local regulations and to provide the best possible experience.

Regulatory Information

20240_45846

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ITrip Nashville
Host User ID: 260899725
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/260899725
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
iTrip Vacations Nashville is a locally owned business that works very hard to provide world-class guest experiences for tens of thousands of guests each year.

Kevin and the entire iTrip staff loves all things Music City and enjoys interacting with visitors and creating wonderful memories for all who travel here or locals getting out and about. 

Please ask if you need anything.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
3661 reviews
4.82 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting