URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1169052067468240292
Latitude: 36.1146
Longitude: -86.7622
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 5
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into Alto—your vibrant Nashville escape! Lounge in plush living areas and binge-watch your favorite shows on the smart TV, whip up culinary delights in the fully equipped kitchen, or soak in skyline vibes on your private rooftop patio with a smart TV and neighborhood views. Catch the action at Geodis Park, wander 12 South’s buzzing boutiques and eateries, or dive into Broadway’s neon-lit honky-tonks. Every second pulses with laughter, adventure, and unforgettable Music City magic!

The space
⭐ Amenities:
- Just 5 minutes to Geodis Park—jump into the buzz of game days, epic concerts, and stadium excitement
- Only 7 minutes to 12 South, where trendy boutiques, mouthwatering eats, and lively local vibes steal the show
- Just 9 minutes to Broadway, where neon lights, nonstop live music, and legendary honky-tonks bring the streets to life
- Private rooftop patio with neighborhood views—perfect for sunset cocktails, city selfies, and chill rooftop hangs
- Rooftop seating with a smart TV—grab a drink, catch your favorite show, or relax under the open sky
- Open living area with plush furnishings and a smart TV, made for laughter, streaming marathons, and laid-back hangouts
- Fully equipped kitchen and dining area—ideal for crafting delicious meals, brunches, or pre-night-out snacks
- In-unit washer and dryer keeps everything fresh, effortless, and stress-free during your stay

🛋️ Living Areas (2nd Floor):
- Open, airy living area designed for laughter, late-night chats, and making memories with friends or family
- Plush, cozy furnishings that practically beg you to sink in, relax, and enjoy the good vibes
- Smart TV ready for movie marathons, streaming your favorite shows, or cheering on the big game
- Coffee table perfect for cocktails, snacks, and spontaneous hangouts that turn into unforgettable moments

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining (2nd Floor):
- Fully equipped kitchen ready for everything from sizzling breakfasts to late-night snack raids and cocktail creations
- Sleek stainless steel appliances that make cooking stylish, effortless, and seriously fun
- Fridge, dishwasher, oven, 4-burner stove, microwave, and toaster—everything you need to whip up delicious meals or treat your crew
- Kitchen island with bar seating for 4, perfect for morning coffee, mixing drinks, or keeping everyone in on the action
- Dining area for 8, designed for laughter-filled meals, memorable conversations, and shared moments
- Drip coffee maker stocked with coffee to fuel your mornings and power your Nashville adventures
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom (3rd Floor): King bed with a smart TV, walk-in closet, and en-suite bathroom
- 2nd Bedroom (3rd Floor): Queen bed with a smart TV and walk-in closet
- 3rd Bedroom (3rd Floor): Queen bed with a smart TV and closet
- 4th Bedroom (2nd Floor): Twin-over-Twin bunk bed with a smart TV, closet, and a jack-n-jill en-suite bathroom

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom (3rd Floor): Single vanity with a stand-in shower
- 2nd Bathroom (3rd Floor): Single vanity with a stand-in shower
- 3rd Bathroom (2nd Floor): Single vanity with a shower/tub combo
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper

🚗 Parking:
- 2 car garage

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
3 min walk: Barrels of Fun Nashville - Distillery Tours and More
5 min walk: The Escape Game
5 min walk: Calypso Cafe - Caribbean Restaurant
6 min walk: The Pfunky Griddle - Breakfast
6 mins walk: The Nashville Jam Co - Brunch
8 min walk: Baja Burrito
10 min walk: Big Machine Distillery Tavern
12 min walk: Sunflower Cafe - Vegan
15 min walk: Walmart Supercenter

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
5 mins: Geodis Park
6 mins: Burger Up
7 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
7 mins: Bongo Java
7 mins: 12 South
7 mins: The Filling Station
7 mins: Sevier Park
8 mins: Frothy Monkey
8 mins: Belmont-Hillsboro
9 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
9 mins: Broadway
9 mins: Nashville Zoo
10 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
10 mins: Belmont Mansion
10 mins: The Gulch
10 mins: SOBRO
10 mins: The Blue Room at Third Man Records
10 mins: Music City Center
11 mins: Centennial Park
11 mins: The Parthenon
11 mins: Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
11 mins: Music Row
11 mins: RCA Studio
11 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
11 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
12 mins: Midtown
12 mins: Vanderbilt University
13 mins: McCabe Golf Course
14 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
21 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within two (2) hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Maximum of 2 pets under 35lbs each, $100 fee per pet required.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

City of Berry Hill Permit Issued In 2026 Followed By:20260401721

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home plus garage parking.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms! 
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

Registration Details
20250401671

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
18089 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting