URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/707150536594401777
Latitude: 36.1462
Longitude: -86.8152
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 4
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Urban Nest in Lofts at 30th, where this penthouse urban suite design meets West End, giving the most high-end Music City experience. Nestled in the vibrant neighborhood of the West End corridor, this stunning open floor intricately designed loft is within walking distance to hundreds of local restaurants, breweries, and some of Nashville's HOTTEST attractions. Only a 5-minute Uber/Lyft ride to Broadway! The ultimate Nashville getaway awaits.

The space
IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THIS PROPERTY, PLEASE READ THE LISTING ENTIRELY. By booking, the guest agrees they have read all the details about the property and agree to our terms and conditions. 

⭐ Amenities:
- Nestled in the West End Corridor
- 5-minute walk to Centennial Park
- Smart TV
- Bar stool seating for 3
- Ceiling fan in bedroom
- In-unit washer and dryer!
- Building lobby with lounge area
- Elevator access

🛋️ Living Areas:
- Open-Concept Living Area
- Smart TV
- Cozy Furnishings
- Coffee Table

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Fully Equipped Kitchen with Stainless Steel Appliances
- Fridge, Dishwasher, Single Oven, 4-Burner Stove
- Microwave & Toaster
- Kerurig/Drip Coffee Maker with Coffee!
- Bar stool seating for 3
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom (4th Floor): 1 King Bed with Smart TV and Closet Space
*Additional Sleeping Arrangement: 1 Trifold Bed

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom (4th Floor): Single Vanity with Shower/Tub Combo,
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 Shampoo, 1 Conditioner, 1 Body Wash, 1 Body Bar Soap, 1 Hand Bar Soap, 1 Makeup Wipe, 1 Liner for Trash Can.

🚗 Parking:
- Parking garage with 1 parking spot Available
- Additional street parking available first-come, first-served  

❗️Notes to Guests & Important Details:
- This unit is located on the 4th floor, and an elevator is available.
- We offer multiple rooms for this building, with each unit designed to provide a comfortable stay. While the quality of our rooms remain consistent, the layout and design may vary.

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
2 min walk: Bellagio Pizza
4 min walk: BrickTop’s
4 min walk: The Local
5 min walk: Tazik’s Mediterranean Cafe
5 min walk: Starbucks
5 min walk: Centennial Park
6 min walk: Ted’s Montana Grill
8 min walk: Maggiano's
8 min walk: The Parthenon
10 min walk: Centennial Dog Park

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
3 mins: Vanderbilt University
4 mins: MidTown
5 mins: Broadway
5 mins: Tennessee State University
5 mins: Belmont University
6 mins: Vanderbilt University Medical Center
6 mins: Music Row
7 mins: RCA Studio
7 mins: Ted Rhodes Golf Course
7 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
7 mins: Belmont Mansion
7 mins: Fat Bottom Brewery
8 mins: The Gulch
8 mins: SOBRO
8 mins: McCabe Golf Club
8 mins: Music City Center
8 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
8 mins: The Nations
9 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
9 mins: Germantown
9 mins: Geodis Park
10 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
12 mins: Topgolf
12 mins: Nashville International Airport
14 mins: Nashville Zoo
18 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service! Please inquire to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within 2 hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided upon request, as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2022 followed by:2022052164

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property, including garage parking.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms! 
           - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters.
           - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, Makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can.  
           - We'll also be sure to provide you with two (2) paper towel rolls per kitchen and two (2) rolls of bathroom tissue per bathroom. 
           - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

Registration Details
2022052164

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
17791 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting