URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/997954916078745456
Latitude: 36.1537
Longitude: -86.7752
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 3
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Your Downtown Nashville Stay, Designed for Views, Comfort & Location

Whether you're here for a weekend with friends, a couples getaway, or your first Nashville experience, this bright corner unit puts you right in the middle of it all—while still giving you a space to relax and recharge.

Book with confidence & enjoy peace of mind; we are airbnb Superhosts!

From skyline views to rooftop amenities, this stay is built to make your time in Nashville easy, comfortable, and memorable.

The space
What guests love most about this space:
→ Floor-to-ceiling windows with skyline views
→ Corner unit filled with natural light
→ Walkable SoBro location near Broadway
→ 2 king bedrooms (perfect for groups)
→ Sleeps up to 6 comfortably
→ 50” TV for streaming and relaxing
→ Rooftop heated saltwater pool
→ Fitness center, lounge areas, and fire pits
→ Washer/dryer for guests convenience

Building amenities that elevate your stay:
→ Heated rooftop saltwater pool
→ Lounge chairs and shaded cabanas
→ Fire pits and outdoor seating areas
→ Grills for outdoor cooking
→ Fully equipped fitness center
→ Indoor lounge and game spaces

Enjoy a resort-style experience without leaving the building—whether you’re relaxing by the pool, working out, or spending the evening around the fire pits.

The kitchen is set up for both convenience and connection:
→ Full-size refrigerator
→ Oven and stovetop
→ Microwave
→ Dishwasher
→ Large island with bar seating
→ Granite countertops
→ Keurig coffee machine + coffee station

Perfect for quick breakfasts, pre-gaming, or winding down after a day in the city.

Sleeping arrangements:
→ Primary bedroom: King bed + private ensuite bathroom
→ Bedroom 2: King bed
→ Living room: Sleeper sofa with queen memory foam topper

Ideal layout for couples or groups who want both shared space and privacy.

The location makes everything easy:
→ Minutes to Lower Broadway
→ Walk to Bridgestone Arena
→ Close to restaurants, bars, and live music
→ Flat, walkable neighborhood (SoBro)

Close enough to enjoy the energy of downtown, but comfortable enough to step away and recharge whenever you need.
Designed for both comfort and connection, this space offers the perfect balance of location, style, and experience.

Living Room with Skyline Views

Bright, open, and designed to take full advantage of the city views, the living area is the heart of the space. Floor-to-ceiling windows wrap around the corner unit, filling the room with natural light during the day and showcasing the Nashville skyline at night.

The seating area is set up for both relaxation and social time, with a comfortable sofa, accent chairs, and a layout that makes it easy for groups to gather. The sleeper sofa includes a queen-size memory foam topper, allowing the space to comfortably accommodate additional guests.

A 50” TV is positioned for easy viewing, making it ideal for unwinding after a day exploring Broadway or catching a game before heading out. Whether you’re starting your morning with coffee by the windows or ending the night with city views, this space is designed to be both functional and memorable.

Modern Kitchen with Skyline Views

Bright, open, and surrounded by windows, the kitchen is designed to be both functional and social. The oversized island sits alongside floor-to-ceiling windows, giving you skyline views while you cook, prep, or enjoy a morning coffee.

Fully Equipped Kitchen
The space includes a full-size refrigerator, oven and stovetop, microwave, and dishwasher for easy cleanup. Granite countertops provide plenty of prep space, while the large island with bar seating doubles as a casual dining area.

Coffee & Morning Setup
Start your day at the dedicated coffee station with a Keurig machine and a selection of coffee options, or enjoy a slow morning with skyline views right from the kitchen.

With its open layout connecting directly to the living area, the kitchen makes it easy to stay connected. Whether you’re getting ready for a night out or enjoying a relaxed evening in.

Two King Bedrooms + Private Ensuite

Both bedrooms are designed with comfort and privacy in mind, making the space ideal for couples, friends, or group stays.

Primary Bedroom
The primary bedroom features a king-size bed, large windows for natural light, and a private ensuite bathroom. The ensuite includes a double vanity and a spacious walk-in shower, giving guests plenty of room to get ready without feeling crowded.

Second Bedroom
The second bedroom also includes a king-size bed, making it equally comfortable and perfect for another couple or guests who prefer more space. Both rooms are thoughtfully furnished with quality bedding, nightstands, and a clean, modern design to create a relaxing environment after a day in the city.

Bathrooms
A second full bathroom is located just outside the guest bedroom and includes a shower/tub combination along with fresh towels and essentials for your stay.

With two king beds, two full bathrooms, and a functional layout, the space is designed to comfortably accommodate groups while still offering privacy when needed.

Permit#STRP2022050460

Guest access
Rooftop Pool, Gym & Social Spaces

Guests have access to premium building amenities designed to enhance your stay beyond the unit itself.

Rooftop Experience
Head up to the rooftop to enjoy the heated saltwater pool, surrounded by lounge chairs, shaded cabanas, and skyline views. It’s the perfect spot to relax during the day or unwind after exploring the city.

Outdoor Spaces
The outdoor areas include fire pits, seating areas, and grilling stations—ideal for gathering with your group or enjoying a laid-back evening.

Looking for a cold treat during the day while sitting around the pool or maybe dessert after grilling dinner; check out Tipsy Scoop. Tipsy Scoop serves  boozy ice cream and milkshakes. Tipsy Scoop is located next to the lobby of our building, Sentral.  

Or maybe you are looking for dinner,  try Kosho. Kosho serves many traditional Japanese dishes with a taste of modern flare.  Kosho is located on the 6th Avenue side of our building.  Mention you are a guest in Sentral to receive a discount. 

Want to take a side trip to Jack Daniel's distillery?  Rent a car from Sixt Car Rental for the day.  They are also on the 6th Avenue side of our building. 

Fitness & Indoor Amenities
Inside the building, you’ll find a fully equipped fitness center with cardio equipment, weights, and space for workouts, along with additional lounge and game areas for relaxing or socializing.

Whether you’re starting your morning with a workout, spending the afternoon by the pool, or ending the night by the fire pit, these spaces add an extra layer of comfort and experience to your stay.

Other things to note
You’ll have full access to the entire unit, including both bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchen, and living space.

You’ll also be able to enjoy the building’s shared amenities:
→ Rooftop heated saltwater pool
→ Fitness center
→ Lounge areas and game room
→ Outdoor spaces with fire pits and grills

Entry is simple with a secure self check-in system, and full instructions will be provided before arrival.

Parking is available in the secure garage for $25/night. Let us know in advance if you’ll need a spot.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Lance
Host User ID: 510111998
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/510111998
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I love to travel and spend as much time as we can in Nashville. We created this space to be a comfortable place where we can relax when we’re downtown.

We especially love the natural light and the opportunity for a little people-watching. In the evenings, you can sit back and enjoy the sunset as the city slowly comes alive. 

This place has become a special spot for making memories with family, and we hope it will be the same for you during your stay.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
123 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting