URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/41194134
Latitude: 36.17023
Longitude: -86.74942
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 12
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
A large 4 bed/2.5 bath home that has been decorated and themed with the utmost detail! Each room incorporates a unique Nashville-centric theme from the Johnny Cash room, to the Tour Bus room, we promise that you will feel like you are living the Country Rock Star dream!

New 8ft privacy fence in the back which encloses a large jacuzzi, gas-powered fire pit, custom dining table, & a grand patio area; perfect for groups & a place to enjoy a (socially distant) outdoor living space!

Permit# 2083509

The space
Why is Big Blue the dream? Let us break it down real quick with 3 bullet points:

1. Super thoughtful, unique, and spacious bedrooms that echo with the energy of Nashville. Can easily sleep 12 comfortably.

2. Astonishingly open common areas that spill over into one another so you can easily congregate with your loved one's and have plenty of room to move about, play games, enjoy drinks and share a meal.

3. A completely private and fenced in backyard area that will make you not want to leave the house! This outdoor area includes a beautiful gas imbued fire pit, a simmering 8 person jacuzzi, a BBQ grill fit for a feast, a protected roof awning with comfy patio furniture, an assortment of outdoor games (including cornhole and ring toss), and secure private parking (so no onlookers get curious)!

Still want more? Read on:

This home is truly one of a kind...its location makes it ideal to experience downtown Nashville and, it is also walking distance to everything that East Nashville has to offer.

If you don't know the area, many people prefer East Nashville over downtown because it's not in the middle of the party, and has incredible local restaurants and bars with more charm and class. We are five blocks from the famous 'Five Points' area (where most of the action happens), and the nearest cafe is two blocks away (this place serves the perfect hangover food). If you like to work out, we are also a mile from Shelby Park which has great running/biking trails, and a local nature center, and a golf course.

We chose this house because of its size, perfect for large groups, as well as its energy. We can assure you that this home has everything you will need if you're looking to come to Nashville with your friends/family, get into the city with ease, and also have your own 'oasis' just outside the city to reconnect and refresh.

From ridiculously fast internet to an entertaining ready kitchen with easy access to the outdoor area, the flow, detail, and set up of this house truly sets it apart and makes it special. Check the reviews - we don't lie!

Here's a shortlist of some of the WOW factors of the house:

Bedrooms (4 total, all with their own unique theme):

• “The Bluebird Cafe" (Master Suite located upstairs) – King bed with a connected bath featuring a 2-person jet-powered jacuzzi, and a 2- person walk-in overhead shower! Also includes a massive walk-in closet, a private bistro-style balcony overlooking the backyard, and a spare futon.

• “The Johnny Cash Room" – King bed with a custom made Folsom Prison headboard and exposed brick wall.

• “The Ryman Room” – Queen bed with a custom Grand Ol' Oprey headboard and an authentic church pue in the corner (to confess your sins, duh).

• “Tour Bus Room” – this is, by far, our favorite room in the house. We hired a local tour bus fabricator to come in and build two custom made tour bus bunks! These are triple-stacked bunk beds that sleep 6 and include their own lights, power outlets, privacy curtains, and ventilation. If you ever dreamt of being a roadie, now you can live the dream and sleep in a tour bus for a few nights - don't say we didn't warn you!

Living Areas:

The large kitchen spills over into the dining room, which spills over into the living room, which spills into the wine bar, which spills into the backyard area (get the picture here?). Both the living room and the dining room have separate doors to the outdoor area so there is a wonderful circular flow and access between the indoor living area and the outdoor living area. This is perfect because you can easily have a large group of people in different corners of the house, but also still feel together. What's more fun than cooking dinner, serving drinks, watching TV, lounging in the jacuzzi, chatting on the patio, grilling on the BBQ, and playing cards all in the same general area!? If you're not into that, go to your bedroom and take a nap!

Also, we almost forgot about our second favorite room, “The Pillow Palace” – This is a small twin 'nook' area under the stairs - imagine Harry Potter meets Dolly Parton. This small space is perfect for pillow flights, pillow talk, or putting someone in Time Out for bad behavior (whatever that is).

The Finer Details:

-Full-sized washer/dryer
-Central Air Conditioning and Heat
-High-Speed Comcast Internet (1 gig up and down)
-Cable TV (135 channels including Sports)
-New 70 inch TV in the living room
-Digital keypad locks on all doors so you won't need to worry about keys
-All cooking supplies and dishware

Parking:

Our fenced-in parking area can fit 4 cars easily. In addition to the private parking area, there is also plenty of free street parking.

Note: 

For one night weekend stays (Friday/Saturday) we charge an additional $500 service fee.

Guest access
The entire home

Other things to note
We have a digital keypad so we will send you a code that is valid for your stay only.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Michael
Host User ID: 1455661
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1455661
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello Air BnB family!

My name is Mike (aka SavasONtheGo) and one of my passions in life is creating themed Air BnBs around the world. 

Currently, I have 3 properties(but I am on a mission to own more). Each one of them has its own flare and custom identity which takes into account the local culture and ethos of the area.  
Here's a summary:
1. Nashville, TN - Big Blue; A large home designed especially for groups and themed as a homage to Country Music and Rock N' Roll!
2. Missoula, MT - The Wooly Bungalow; a super comfy 3 bedroom home that incorporates American Native themes with modern-day design.
3. Porto, Portugal - The Port'hole Penthouse; a fully custom penthouse apartment overlooking the historic center's main square designed like an 18th century Captain's ship!

Normally, I am working in the music industry helping artists create and manage their touring VIP & Hospitality programs. Some of the acts I have worked with are The Rolling Stones, Bon Jovi, Metallica, Guns N' Roses, Cat Stevens, Phil Collins, Prince, Katy Perry, Eminem, Oprah, and Hugh Jackman.  When I am not on tour or producing high-end events, I am generally traveling the world on an epic adventure, competing in Marathons and Triathlons, or bouncing between my family members who miss me:) 

Needless to say, I OBSESS about the customer experience and get incredibly excited about creating environments that others connect with and which uplifts them.  My only hope is that when staying in one of my homes, you feel like you are in a special space created with the local culture and history in mind, combined with a delicate eye towards design and functionality.

Now, here's a bit more background on each of the properties (if you care):

Big Blue (Nashville):

We are two friends who met in 2008 while on tour with Bon Jovi (and lived on the same tour bus). Originally from New Jersey and Vermont, we now call Nashville home and decided to purchase this dream property in 2015 with one goal in mind; to create the most epic, eclectic, and badass Rock N roll home Nashville has ever seen! We both tour professionally and are constantly on tour with different artists - from The Zac Brown Band to Kid Rock to Oprah. While we’re out on the road making big rock shows a reality, we hope you enjoy our beautiful home and all of the hard work we put into it!
Born in the 80s
My work: Hospitality Design Expert and Adventure Tour Operator
Response rate: 92%
Responds within a few hours
Superhost
15 years hosting
700 reviews
4.87 out of 5 average rating
15 years of hosting