URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1766128985175725479
Latitude: 36.1333
Longitude: -86.7812
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Modern home nestled in an unbeatable location - WALK to some of the best restaurants, coffee & shopping. Steps to 12 South, Belmont, Vanderbilt, Geodis Park Stadium & Wedgewood-Houston. Only 2 miles to Downtown Broadway. Parking available in our garage + driveway. Enjoy an evening on our Rooftop with a grill, firepit, outdoor seating + a dining table. Additional balcony off of the living room. Enjoy a meal at the dining table or kitchen island. Smart TVs in all bedrooms and the living room.

The space
★ 6 Beds - 2 Queens, Twin over Full Bunk bed, Full Trundle Bed and Queen Sofa Bed
★ 3 Bedrooms
★ 3.5 bathrooms 
★ Smart TVs in the living room and all bedrooms 
★ 2-car garage attached to the house, plus 2 more spaces in the driveway
★ WALK to the Gulch, 12 South, Vanderbilt, Belmont, Geodis Park Stadium, Wedgewood-Houston & Hillsboro Village
★ Walk to restaurants, coffee shops, shopping, Zanies Comedy Club and more!
★ Only 2 miles to Downtown Broadway Bars
★ Private balcony with seating on main floor
★ Private rooftop patio with grill, outdoor dining table, and firepit with seating
★ Fully-equipped kitchen with seating for 4 at the island
★ Large dining table with seating for 6 
★ Drip coffee maker + coffee grounds
★ In-unit washer & dryer
★ High-speed internet
★ Hair dryers, shampoo, conditioner and body wash provided
★ Adjustable thermostat
★ Hassle-free check-in with no keys, just codes
★ Large closets

BEDS:
Bedroom 1: Queen bed, Floor 3
Bedroom 2: Queen bed, Floor 1
Bedroom 3: Twin over Full Bunk bed, Full Trundle Floor 3
Living Room: Queen Sleeper sofa, Floor 2

BATHROOMS:
Bathroom 1: Full size with standing shower and double vanity, connected to Bedroom 1, Floor 3
Bathroom 2: Full size with standing shower, connected to Bedroom 2, Floor 1
Bathroom 3: Full size with shower/tub combo, connected to Bedroom 2, Floor 3
Half bathroom: on floor 2, off the kitchen

*NO parties or Local guests allowed to book this property. Only the number of guests listed with the reservation allowed at the property at all times. This is monitored with outside cameras. Do not book if you can't follow these rules.

**We do not supply propane for the grill or firepit. There may be some left from the previous guest.

WALK TO (Alphabetical Order):
★ 12 South Neighborhood
★ 8th & Roast
★ Baked on 8th
★ Bar Taco
★ Belmont University
★ Butter Milk Ranch
★ Cafe Ma'kai (Coffee)
★ The Cookery
★ Five Daughters Bakery
★ Frothy Monkey
★ Geodis Park MLS Soccer Stadium
★ Jeni's Ice Cream
★ Ladybird Taco
★ Love Peace & Pho
★ Love Shack Fancy
★ Pancake Pantry
★ Smiling Elephant Thai
★ Smoothie King
★ Urban Grub
★ Vanderbilt University
★ Wedgewood Houston (We-Ho) Neighborhood
★ Zanie's Comedy Club

This is the perfect spot for your next family or group adventure to Nashville. We have plenty of space, fun decor throughout the home, comfortable furnishings, and a fully-equipped kitchen with plenty of seating. Everyone will be able to spread out and enjoy themselves, and you're just minutes from all the action. Convenient parking in our 2 car garage connected to the home. Enjoy your morning coffee on our private patio. You will love staying here!

At SkyShare Management, hospitality is what we do best. With 15+ years of property management experience, we combine professionalism with a personal touch to make every stay effortless and enjoyable. Our team provides local recommendations to help you discover the best spots and hidden gems the city has to offer. Please reach out to us through Airbnb messaging with any questions you may have!

STR Permit T2019014444

Guest access
You will have the entire house to yourself.

Other things to note
Early check in times selected through the app are not applicable. If you would like early check in, you must message us. There are a lot of stairs in this house.

All pets must be approved by us in advance of your booking.

There are numerous sets of stairs in this home.

We do not provide propane for the firepit.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Amy
Host User ID: 416033925
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/416033925
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I am an experienced Airbnb host. I have been renting out homes through Airbnb for over 15 years. My team and I are excited to host you and make this a memorable trip. If there's anything we can do to make your stay more enjoyable, please don't hesitate to reach out!
Fun fact: I love to travel and meet new people!
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
5 years hosting
11394 reviews
4.92 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting