URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1414445178057522890
Latitude: 36.1718
Longitude: -86.7555
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Above Nashville Urban

The space
Welcome to Urban by ABOVE Vacation Residences. This custom designed home features 5 private beds, 4.5  bathrooms and stylish details throughout the main house and the pool house. The main attraction is the backyard private pool with ample seating and a cozy fire pit. The pool house retractable door creates a seamless flow between indoor and outdoor space that is perfect for entertaining your group! Located in the heart of Edgefield, one of Nashville’s oldest and most charming neighborhoods, you’re just 2 blocks from the lively 5 Points area of East Nashville. Walk to Nissan Stadium, explore Shelby Park, or hop into downtown—all within a mile radius. This home is truly a walker's paradise as it has easy access to the best of Nashville—live music, world-class dining, and entertainment. And when you’re ready to unwind? Enjoy the infrared sauna, catch a movie in the 2nd floor loft area or Lounge by the private pool with a cocktail in hand to soak in the true Nashville experience. 
 
With homeowner approval, this property can host as many as 12 guests with luxury Frontgate beds which would also be set with ABOVE standard luxury linens. Additional fees may apply. All guests must be pre-approved to rent this estate. A full guest list will be required. 

Room Descriptions
1st Floor
King Primary Bedroom with ensuite full bathroom
2nd Floor
Queen Bedroom with ensuite full shared bathroom
Queen Bedroom with ensuite full shared bathroom
Queen Bedroom with hall shared full bathroom

Pool House 2nd Floor
King Bedroom with ensuite full bathroom

The Above Vacation Residences Difference
Luxury & Concierge Services: Enjoy unforgettable service from our attentive staff, luxury spa amenities, soft linens, and more. Our 
Concierge Managers cater to your needs, creating unique experiences tailored to your stay.

House Manager: Your personal House Manager will greet you upon arrival, ensure daily refreshes, and be available 24/7 to guarantee a 5-star experience.

Curated Residences: In a sea of sparsely furnished rental properties, our homes stand ABOVE as they many are primary residences. Each is meticulously cared for and furnished, offering top-tier amenities and decor. Combined with concierge services, each stay feels uniquely local. Please note that some spaces will be locked and owner belongings may be present.

Cleaning Standards: We follow strict CDC/VRMA disinfecting protocols, focusing on high-touch areas.

Disclaimer: Room configurations, decor, and contents may have changed since photos were taken. Hot tub heating is complimentary and managed by request with your house manager. Not all pools can be heated. Pool heating is available by request and approval, with a fee of $500 for 3 days, subject to seasonal availability.

Booking Info: All bookings must be pre-approved. “Click to book” is a request, not a confirmation, ensuring alignment with Homeowner and Guest expectations.

Pets: Pets are considered at this property pending Owner approval prior to arrival. There is a pet fee to cover extra cleaning. Any damages due to a Guest pet will be charged against Guest deposit.

No events or outside vendors are permitted that will exceed the capacity of the house without written pre-approval from ABOVE Vacation Residences.

Important: We do not rent to groups or events that may disrupt the neighborhood. Final approval follows a conversation ensuring respect for neighbors and house rules. NO DISRUPTIVE GUESTS.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Brian Joseph
Host User ID: 210733801
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/210733801
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
ABOVE Vacation Residences 
 
Who We Are.

Over the years, ABOVE has quietly become the go to leader for connecting the most discerning guests, with private luxury properties. Founded on the promise of exclusivity and complete privacy, ABOVE manages only the country’s finest and most exclusive homes and estates available for lease.  

ABOVE’s concept and unique approach to home and estate rentals can only be found in the management of the world's pinnacle and iconic hotels.  Our process is designed to match the most discerning guests, with the appropriate homeowners, whilst delighting both through our unique and proprietary experiences.

How We Are Different.

Each home represented can only be approved by our Standards Selection Board, in turn most home applications received are not able to join ABOVE. This intense, 250-point process insures our homes meet ABOVE’s strict and uncompromising luxury standards.  This impartial, standards driven, demanding process separates ABOVE from the all vacation rental companies today.  Tight and uncompromising controls gives our guests the quality, confidence, and comfort they require.  

Formed by three luxury hospitality veterans, and guided by a private 5-Diamond hotel company, ABOVE’s guests and owners appreciate the uncommonly high level of standardization of amenities, concierge and travel services, event planning, and that true attention missing in today's vacation property experiences.

If you and your group are looking for an exceptional level of quality and experience in a vacation rental, we invite you to visit our signature homes. 

If you are an owner of a unique and one-of-a-kind property that would like to apply to the ABOVE portfolio, please reach out to us. 

We would love to hear from you. 

ABOVE-Curators of Exceptional Guest & Owner Experiences.
My work: Hospitality Pro
Fun fact: Our company began in our founders house.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
161 reviews
4.8 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting