URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1766730454937278856
Latitude: 36.1957
Longitude: -86.7777
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience Music City from a stylish three-story townhome designed for fun, comfort, and unforgettable group getaways. The Fern & Fiddle is a 2-BR, 2.5-BA retreat that comfortably accommodates up to 8 guests in North Nashville. Featuring vibrant Nashville-inspired murals, a unique game space, a private patio with sweeping downtown skyline views, and easy access to Broadway and Nashville's top attractions, this design-forward townhome is the perfect home base for your next Music City adventure.

The space
What We Love About The Fern & Fiddle...
- Sweeping downtown Nashville skyline views from the private third-floor patio, perfect for morning coffee or cocktails before a night on Broadway.
- A dedicated entertainment space with a multi-use dining and pool table, wall-mounted Connect 4, and a swing hole game, creating the perfect setting for family fun and friendly challenges.
- Fun, photo-worthy Nashville murals and locally inspired décor that bring Music City's energy right into the home.
- Spacious three-story design with room for groups to spread out, gather, and enjoy the perfect balance of connection and privacy.
- Prime North Nashville location just minutes from Downtown, live music, restaurants, and iconic Nashville attractions.

The Fern & Fiddle brings together the energy of Nashville and the comfort of a modern townhome. From the moment you arrive, you'll find a welcoming space designed for making memories, whether you're celebrating a special occasion, catching a concert, or simply exploring everything Music City has to offer.

The home's three-story layout creates plenty of room for groups to spread out. Enter through the ground level, where you'll find the garage and main entry. Upstairs on the second floor are both bedrooms, creating a quiet retreat away from the social spaces above.

The primary suite features a plush king bed, plenty of space to unwind, and a private ensuite bathroom complete with a double vanity and walk-in shower. The second bedroom is perfect for families or groups of friends, featuring a full-over-full bunk bed that provides comfortable accommodations for multiple guests. A nearby hallway bathroom features a single vanity and a convenient shower/tub combination.

Perched on the third floor, the main living area is where The Fern & Fiddle truly comes to life. Designed for gathering, entertaining, and making memories, this bright and stylish space blends playful Nashville personality with modern comfort. Vibrant Nashville-inspired murals, locally themed artwork, and interactive wall games set the tone, while the open-concept layout keeps everyone connected whether you're cooking, dining, playing, or relaxing together.

The comfortable living room offers plenty of seating, a full sleeper sofa, and the perfect place to unwind after a day exploring Music City. Adjacent to the lounge area, a unique convertible table serves as the heart of the entertainment space, transitioning from a dining table to a pool table for hours of fun and friendly competition. Guests can keep the games going with a wall-mounted Connect 4 challenge and a swing hole game, making this a favorite gathering spot for family game nights and group get-togethers.

Just beyond the living space, the fully equipped kitchen features sleek stainless-steel appliances, ample counter space, and a spacious center island with bar seating. Whether you're enjoying morning coffee, preparing happy hour snacks, or sharing a meal with the group, the kitchen is designed to bring everyone together. A convenient half bath with a single vanity is also located on this level, allowing guests to freshen up without leaving the main entertaining area

Step outside onto the private patio furnished with two lounge chairs and take in sweeping views of the Nashville skyline. Whether you're enjoying coffee at sunrise, planning a night on Broadway, or winding down with drinks as the city lights come alive, the elevated downtown views provide an unforgettable backdrop to your stay.

Located in North Nashville, The Fern & Fiddle puts guests within easy reach of the city's legendary music venues, restaurants, nightlife, and cultural attractions. Spend your days exploring Broadway's famous honky-tonks, catching live music, discovering local coffee shops, enjoying Nashville's booming food scene, or visiting iconic attractions throughout the city. After a day of sightseeing, concerts, or celebrations, return to a stylish retreat where city views and game-night fun await.

Whether you're here for live music, a girls' getaway, a family vacation, or a weekend with friends, The Fern & Fiddle offers the perfect blend of city views, entertainment, and Nashville charm. Book your Music City getaway today and experience Nashville like a local.

Guest access
Guests will have access to the entire property.

Other things to note
★Before You Arrive★
We want your arrival to be as easy and seamless as possible. After booking, you’ll receive a short Rental Agreement from our local management team to review and sign electronically before your stay. This quick step helps us make sure everything is in place for your arrival while protecting you, the home, and the homeowners who make your stay possible.

★Damage Waiver★
You are renting a private home. Please treat the property with the respect you would like shown to your own home. We get that accidents happen – some more sober than others – and we want you to be aware of your Damage Waiver coverage should something get a little wild during your stay. In an attempt to make this easier for you, the Damage Waiver fee is included in your cleaning fee. Here’s how it works: by booking with Stay Local Nashville, Inc., you understand and accept that your booking fees include a Damage Waiver. It is the Guests’ responsibility (that’s you!) to report damage that is caused to the Property during your stay. The vacation rental Damage Waiver is not insurance, but instead an agreement by Stay Local Nashville, Inc., to replace or repair unintentional damages up to $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars) in total to the rental unit’s interior. Damages that qualify for this agreement must occur during a Guest’s reservation, be disclosed to management prior to check out, and the Damage Waiver must have been paid in full prior to arrival (don’t worry, it’s wrapped into the cleaning fee!). Any damages that either exceed $1,000.00 (one thousand dollars), are not disclosed prior to check out, or are deemed intentional, will be charged to the credit card on file, through the Airbnb resolution center. The Damage Waiver does not include theft or intentional or negligent damage and will not be covered by this fee and the Guest will be liable for all costs associated with intentional or negligent damage. The Guest is liable for any and all costs and fees associated with the vacation rental, including reasonable collection costs and attorney’s fees that are in any way associated with the Guest’s and/or the Guest’s invitee’s breach of this agreement, including but not limited to, money owned under this agreement for damage to the premises, fees, and/or fines.

★NoiseAware Disclaimer★
Welcome to our respectful and responsible community. We are pleased to inform you that this property is committed to Rent Responsibly standards. This means we follow best-in-class guidelines to ensure you have a peaceful, safe, and memorable stay with us. Please be mindful of our neighbors during your stay. The property’s quiet hours are in place to ensure that you and our whole community can enjoy a restful night’s sleep. We are dedicated to protecting our guests and neighbors from bothersome levels of noise. In an effort to do so, this property is equipped with NoiseAware technology. NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting your stay. NoiseAware is privacy compliant and is required on this property. NoiseAware is here for your benefit. It helps protect you from aggravating noise from nearby renters or neighbors, as well as proactively prevents noise complaints. If you have any questions please ask. We are committed to your comfort so please let us know if we can do anything during your stay to make it more enjoyable.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Teryn & Darbi
Host User ID: 85360355
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/85360355
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi! Teryn and Darbi, here! We are Nashville natives with a passion for hospitality, and one of our favorite things to do is share the many highlights of our beautiful city with others! Creating memorable experiences and premiere accommodations for our guests is our top priority.
My work: Stay Local Nashville, Inc.
Fun fact: Been in multiple earthquakes together
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
23140 reviews
4.71 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting