URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/20864705
Latitude: 36.146090726629176
Longitude: -86.78180728581191
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Looking for a quality Nashville experience? This is the place for you. Modern, chic and fully equipped for your stay.
This townhome has a rooftop deck and two living areas to relax before an evening out.
A beautiful retreat, walkable to: 
Downtown Broadway (1.0 mile)
The Gulch Restaurants (0.5 mile)
Demonbreun St Bars (0.9 mile to Tin Roof)
Midtown Bars (1.0 mile)
Music City Convention Center for Conferences (0.9 mile)
Bridgestone Arena for (1.2 mile)
The Titans Football Stadium (1.8 mile)

The space
This home was professionally decorated by an interior designer who works directly with vendors such as One Kings Lane and Restoration Hardware. You will find each room is beautifully executed with the most current and up to date trends.  We have pulled out all the stops, with cozy robes for those long nights in and luggage racks along with a hand steamer for your Nashville nights out.

Remote work: The home has several workspaces with power outlets, including the rooftop dining table and top floor standing desk. The home has high-speed fiber internet throughout for remote work from beautiful Nashville. 1,000mbps up/1,000mbps down internet speeds are suitable for a dozen people streaming and running video conference calls at the same time.

Dogs: We love Dogs but unfortunately they force us to deep clean the house for each stay and cause further wear and tear. We will consider allowing dogs on a case by case basis for longer stays. Dogs will incur a higher cleaning fee. Message us to discuss prior to booking including the dog's age, breed and any training certifications.

The Layout:
You will have to walk up some stairs to access the entry of the home. The first level has 2 bedrooms, jack and jill style. The first bedroom has a queen bed, then pass through the bathroom w/ double vanities and tub/shower combo to the next bedroom with 2 full  beds. There are 2xWashers and 2xDryers in the laundry room on this level off of the garage/gym which is attached to the home at the rear. 

The next level up takes you to the common space, spacious kitchen with all the items would you need to cook a meal in. We have personally hosted several Thanksgiving dinners for 8-14people cooking with everything in this kitchen. 3 baby high-chairs are on property for those traveling with young ones.
There is an eat-in island area seating 5, and great room with 8 person dining, 4K Smart TV, a Juliet balcony and gas fireplace. The main bedroom (king bed) is also located on this level, 4K TV, an amazing bathroom with walk in shower and separate tub.

The next floor up takes you to the indoor den with ample seating- including a queen-sized convertible couch,  wet bar, and large 4K Smart TV. You can open up the garage door to flow through to the rooftop deck where there is another 8 person outdoor dining table, a grill, fire pit,  and another Smart TV (in summer time by request). Towards the back of this level there is a large bedroom with queen size bed, stand-in shower bathroom, and a full closet.

Guest access
You will have access to the entire property, all 3 levels and rooftop included. There will be a couple hallway closets locked for staff and the home owners belongings.
 
There is a keyless door entry,  code  will be provided prior to arrival.

Other things to note
*MUST BE 21 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER TO RESERVE THIS HOME* 

That sunny rooftop and spacious house does come with a minor inconvenience: guests need to climb stairs. The house itself has 3 floors; guests will need to walk up and down stairs to enjoy each floor.

We provide an appropriate amount of supplies for your stay: Bedding; body & face towels; coffee bar: grounds, creamer & sugar; shampoo/conditioner/body wash; blow dryers; basic kitchen supplies, and more! However should you need more we are happy to accommodate :) *  

--The house next door is attached, similar to a duplex- please be courteous to the neighbor when it comes to entering and exiting the home as well as parking on the street. Please be sure to go to the unit on the LEFT.--

Please be courteous to our neighbors by observing quiet hours starting at 10pm, this is especially important if enjoying our outdoor space or if entering/exiting the home late at night. We care about maintaining good relationships with our community, therefore we use smarthome technology; NoiseAware is a smart home device that measures volume levels throughout the property and allows us to respond to noise nuisances without disrupting guest stays and before potential issues/noise complaints with neighbors occur (which are not tolerated and subject to $500 fine). NoiseAware is 100% privacy compliant and here for guest benefit too, as it helps protect guests from noise caused by nearby neighbors/renters as well! 

For your safety and the safety of this property there are cameras onsite at exterior check points only. 

We understand coordinating various travel plans can be difficult, therefore we strive to accommodate for early check-in/ late check-out times. Due to the high volume of reservations, we may charge an $50 early-check in or late check-out convenience fee to compensate the time spent to expedite our cleaning and maintenance schedule and to include the additional hours spent in the home. *We cannot guarantee early check-in or late check out accommodations as our calendar is ever-changing and we may have same day turn over in-between guests; however please let us know in advance if you are interested in these accommodations* 

The house is large, the thermostats are operated remotely but it may take a little for the house to warm or cool due to its size.

Most TV's are ROKU only which is enabled via WIFI to connect to Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime. The living room TV includes some local channels.

As reflected in our calendar, Thursday-Saturday days require 3 night minimum reservations. *Week days surrounding holidays  or major events may also require a specific night minimum

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jeanelle
Host User ID: 71112010
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/71112010
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Long time real estate professional who manages AIRBNB homes in Nashville as well as rentals and sales! Chicago native but moved to this vibrant city over a decade ago to mix things up! I love to travel but always find my way home to Nashville! We prefer to stay in Airbnb's when we can and love to explore new cities through staying more locally!
Born in the 80s
My work: Real Estate Pro
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
1353 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting