URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1726227063990280771
Latitude: 36.15860861442494
Longitude: -86.8059905587571
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Stay in one of Nashville's premier short-term rental communities at The 1865. This stylish 2-bedroom condo features an open layout, designer finishes, a fully equipped kitchen, and access to luxury amenities including a saltwater pool, rooftop sky deck, fitness center, outdoor bar, and an exclusive on-site speakeasy. Located just minutes from Broadway, Vanderbilt, Music Row, The Gulch, and Nissan Stadium.

The space
Welcome to your Nashville home away from home! Located in The 1865, one of Nashville's most sought-after short-term rental communities, this beautifully furnished 2-Bedroom condo offers the perfect combination of comfort, convenience, and location. Designed with an open floor plan, hardwood floors, modern finishes, and abundant natural light, the home provides a relaxing space to unwind after exploring Music City.

The condo features two comfortable bedrooms, a spacious bathroom with a walk-in shower, a fully equipped kitchen, and inviting living and dining spaces. A second vanity area adds extra convenience for families and groups getting ready for a night out.

Guests also enjoy access to resort-style amenities including a saltwater pool, rooftop observation deck with skyline views, fitness center, outdoor lounge with grills and TVs, and the exclusive 1865 Club, an on-site speakeasy featuring craft cocktails and live music.
Whether you're visiting for concerts, sporting events, business travel, or a weekend getaway, this condo offers one of the best locations in Nashville.

Perfect for:
Weekend getaways
Bachelor and bachelorette trips
Concert weekends
Business travel
Parents visiting Vanderbilt
Titans games
Long weekends
Medical professionals

FEATURES GUESTS LOVE:
Street-level condo with no stairs
Two private entrances
Saltwater pool
Rooftop observation deck
Fitness center
Outdoor grilling area
On-site speakeasy
Gated community
Fully equipped kitchen
High-speed WiFi
Smart TVs
Free parking
Minutes from Broadway

SLEEPING ARRANGEMENTS:

Primary Bedroom-King Bed

Guest Bedroom-Queen Bed

Living Room- Couch

Sleeps up to 5+ comfortably.

Guest access
Guests have full access to the entire condo along with all community amenities, including:

Saltwater pool
Rooftop sky deck
Fitness center
Outdoor lounge with grills
The 1865 Club speakeasy
Free gated parking
Self check-in instructions will be provided prior to arrival.

Other things to note
Self check-in instructions will be provided prior to arrival.
Pets allowed with $150 pet fee per pet.
The 1865 is one of Nashville's premier non-owner occupied short-term rental communities and offers amenities rarely found in downtown vacation rentals.
Quiet hours are from 10:00 PM to 8:00 AM.
No parties or events are permitted.
Guests must follow all community rules regarding shared amenities.
The pool, fitness center, rooftop deck, and outdoor gathering spaces are shared with other residents and guests.
The on-site speakeasy offers a unique Nashville experience just steps from your front door.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Barclé Group
Host User ID: 387932846
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/387932846
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Properties managed by Barclé Group Vacation Rental Management!

Barclé Group Vacation Rental Management is a boutique vacation rental operator. We host a collection of elevated vacation rentals ranging from one bedroom condominiums to luxury properties throughout the United States.
My work: Barclé Group
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
5 years hosting
1638 reviews
4.7 out of 5 average rating
5 years of hosting