URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1709417974375989432
Latitude: 36.20424
Longitude: -86.74085
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 7
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
✨ Western-inspired design, modern comfort, and an unbeatable East Nashville location make The Stirrup the perfect Music City retreat. This stylish 3-bedroom, 3-bath home features custom wallpaper, warm earthy tones, curated décor, and spacious gathering areas designed for family vacations, group getaways, and weekend escapes. Just minutes from downtown, Broadway, local restaurants, and live music, it's the perfect home base for exploring Nashville. 🤠

The space
Things You'll Love
◆ Designer Western-Inspired Décor: Warm tones, custom wallpaper, and curated details throughout.
◆ 3 Bedrooms | 3 Bathrooms: Plenty of space for families, friends, and group getaways.
◆ Open-Concept Living: Gather with ease in the spacious kitchen, dining, and living areas.
◆ Fully Equipped Kitchen: Everything you need for morning coffee, meals, and happy hour at home.
◆ Walkable East Nashville Location: Stroll to Grimey's, Living Waters, Gramps Garage, Tiger Bar, and The Fox Bar & Cocktail Club.
◆ Minutes to Downtown: Broadway, Nissan Stadium, Germantown, and Five Points are all just a short drive away.
◆ Dog-friendly: $150 pet fee for up to 2 dogs. No breed or weight restrictions

Sleeping Arrangements

First Floor
◆ Bedroom 1: Two twin-over-twin bunk beds
Please note: There is no bathroom on the first floor. Guests staying in this room will have access to the full bathroom located on the second floor.

Third Floor
◆ Bedroom 2: Two queen beds with an ensuite bathroom featuring a shower/tub combination
◆ Bedroom 3 (Primary Suite): King bed with an ensuite bathroom featuring a walk-in shower and double vanity

About Hallson Hospitality

At Hallson Hospitality, we take pride in being a locally owned company, offering a portfolio of thoughtfully designed properties that adhere to the highest standards of comfort and quality. Our team of hospitality professionals is dedicated to creating seamless and unforgettable experiences for each guest.

From curated amenities to personalized service, we go the extra mile to ensure your stay is exceptional. If there’s anything we can do to enhance your visit, please don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your time with us truly unforgettable. To further elevate your stay, we offer a variety of Experience Add-ons, including early check-ins and late check-outs, private chefs, in-home massages, in-home yoga sessions, and more.

Guest access
Before your arrival, we’ll send you a detailed email with all the information you need to easily locate and access the home, ensuring a smooth check-in process. This email will include a unique digital door code, customized specifically for your stay, providing secure and convenient access. If you have any questions or need assistance at any time, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’re here to make your stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Other things to note
This home does not have an outdoor space. Guests who plan to spend most of their time exploring Nashville typically find the location to be a great fit.

There is garage parking for two vehicles. Street parking for additional vehicles nearby is paid.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Hallson Hospitality Co
Host User ID: 1542713
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/1542713
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to Hallson Hospitality! As an entrepreneur and real estate investor, I've combined my passions to create a portfolio of beautifully designed homes that offer an elevated experience, while staying committed to the highest standard across all properties. Our small and devoted team prioritizes exceptional guest experiences and will go above and beyond to ensure your stay is nothing short of wonderful. We look forward to Hosting you!!
My work: Hallson Hospitality
Favorite song in high school: Baby Blue, George Strait
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5415 reviews
4.9 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting