URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/30392811
Latitude: 36.1104
Longitude: -86.7812
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Family Friendly house for 10 people (+ dogs)

ADA Compliant HANDYCAP ACCESS THROUGHOUT

This unique house offers an 'out in the country' feel in the heart of Nashville. This house is in the middle of everything; 12 South, The Gulch, Broadway, Opry, Melrose & the 3 universities.  Yet its privacy, safety and natural beauty  makes this property unique.

A lot of families stay here. The house and yard are a wonderful place to recharge from your Nashville fun

The space
This house caters to groups from 6 to 10 people that are looking for a relaxed setting for their Nashville stay. My goal is to provide luxury amenities in the privacy of a very cozy home on a large piece of land.

Amenities include: Lavish Kitchen with all of the accessories, elegant dining, 3 full baths, unlimited hot water, lots of fluffy towels, full laundry, commercial ice maker, deck with gazebo, fireplace patio with unlimited firewood, creek, wildlife and more.

Among its amenities, handicap access throughout (including patio and yard). Includes: walk in shower, shower chair, plus grab bars in toilet and shower. 

Many of my guests are families, often 3 and 4 generations. This is a great venue for family reunions with the giant kitchen and large yard. Kids love to play in the creek, it can keep them occupied for hours

Dogs love it here (especially the yard), the house is hardwood and tile. I do not charge extra for my dog guests, they are family too.

Look at the reviews, my guests tell the whole story of this place

This house is located in one of the most exclusive (and expensive) neighborhoods in Nashville. Rental permitting regulations in this neighborhood are "Owner Occupied Only'. I live in a downstairs apartment with a private entrance (as per Nashville requirements). I work to provide my guests their privacy while they are here.

Guest access
Entire house upstairs, one level, no stairs. Parking for 3 or 4 cars
Digital entry with codes supplied before your arrival. Private deck and large yard are great for recovering from the night before.
Handicap access, you do not need to bring any ramps for this house
The Deck and Gazebo offers complete privacy, firepit table, Grill and lovely views of the yard and creek 
Yard games include regulation size Corn Hole, beer pong, football, frisbee, soccor, Fire Pit with firewood. 
Inside games include poker table and chips, chess, checkers, backgammon, cribbage, Uno, puzzles, on-demand TV, roku
I have 3 roll away beds with sheets and memory foam mattresses. They can be used in various rooms around the house

Other things to note
I help my guests with entertainment insight and suggestions. I am a serious music fan and I love all of the music options available and I help my guests maximize their fun time.

I have had a lot of handicapped guests since I made the ADA upgrades and have learned a lot about helping people travel and have fun. This house relives travel stress for both caregivers and the handicapped. which is key to great vacation memories for the entire family.

I am a problem solver and can assist with special requests if needed. I hosted a quadriplegic vet that required a hospital bed with a lift. He educated me on how to help others and I thank him for that.  Please don't feel shy about asking for special services, I like helping.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Marc
Host User ID: 119925844
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/119925844
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Retired, I have traveled the world over the last 40 years and know what travelers want. I find it enjoyable to help my guests have fun and reduce the hassles of traveling.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 years hosting
228 reviews
4.98 out of 5 average rating
8 years of hosting