URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1379187841167350857
Latitude: 36.18714
Longitude: -86.80303
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to 9th Avenue by AvantStay!

- Luxury and modern 4BDR, 3BA retreat
- Less than 10 minutes to Broadway
- Open-concept living space with plush seating and a large TV
- Expansive dining area and fully equipped kitchen
- Private balcony with seating
- In-home laundry and easy parking

The space
Welcome to 9th Avenue, a modern retreat designed for those who appreciate sleek style, thoughtful comfort, and effortless convenience. Nestled in the heart of Nashville's dynamic scene, this four-bedroom, three-bathroom home delivers a seamless blend of bold aesthetics and refined living.

Step inside to an open, contemporary space where natural light meets clean lines. The bold living area sets the tone, featuring two plush sofas and a large TV—a perfect setting for pre-show cocktails or winding down after a day in Music City.

Gather in the expansive dining area, ideal for shared meals, celebratory toasts, or simply planning your next adventure. The fully equipped kitchen is a chef's dream, outfitted with modern appliances and all the essentials for a home-cooked feast or a quick espresso before heading out.

Unwind on the private balcony, an inviting escape for morning coffee or late-night conversations under the Nashville sky. And with four spacious bedrooms, everyone in your group has their own stylish sanctuary to retreat to at day's end.

For added convenience, in-home laundry and easy parking ensure a seamless stay—whether you're here for a weekend escape or an extended visit.

9th Avenue isn't just a place to stay—it's a place to live, laugh, and create unforgettable moments in the heart of Nashville. Book your stay and experience the city in style.

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

There's a reason Nashville has become one of the country's most loved southern cities. With its vibrant nightlife, country music scene, and incredible food, "Nashvegas" is a top destination for people simply looking to have a good time- which means lots of drinking and eating. Visitors flock to Broadway, a street lined with multi-level bars playing live music and serving bbq. You might get stuck in traffic behind party bikes called Pedal Taverns, but you're more likely to cheer them on than get road rage because having fun is part of the culture in Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style.

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.
- Please note our occupancy includes an additional two beyond bed count. Trifold floor mattresses and additional linens can be provided upon request.

Parking Details:
- Parking is available for two vehicles. 

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
2022010963

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6903 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting