URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1597983936947633255
Latitude: 36.121108472125286
Longitude: -86.789758019435
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This isn’t just a place to stay — it’s a private luxury estate designed to slow everything down. Welcome to the Sevier Park Retreat hosted by Nashville Luxury Retreats.

Set high above the street and wrapped in mature trees, this 12 South home offers total privacy, resort-style outdoor living, and effortless walkability to the neighborhood everyone loves.

From the moment you arrive, the city fades, your shoulders drop, and time starts to move differently.

The space
Despite the sense of seclusion, the home sits directly across from Sevier Park and less than a minute walk to the shops and restaurants of 12 South, offering a rare balance of peaceful retreat and walk-everywhere access that simply doesn’t exist in most luxury homes.

The outdoor spaces alone make this estate unforgettable. Layered, intentional, and expansive, the backyard unfolds like a private resort. The heated pool invites long, quiet afternoons, while the tanning ledge, swim-up bar, and slide add joy without ever disrupting the home’s tranquil rhythm. Just steps from the back door, the hot tub and a covered lounge becomes the place conversations linger late into the night. Outdoor dining, propane heaters, a mounted TV, and an 8-foot privacy fence ensure every moment feels both elevated and completely your own. A fully fenced multi-sport court and putting green offers movement and play — energizing, never overwhelming.

Inside, the home reflects the comfort and confidence of a true luxury primary residence. Nothing here feels staged. Everything is fully stocked, thoughtfully placed, and meant to be enjoyed. The expansive chef’s kitchen anchors the home with a 48-inch gas range, oversized island, generous prep space, and a dedicated coffee bar that quickly becomes part of your daily ritual. Shared meals feel natural and unhurried — the kind that turn into memories without trying.

The open living, dining, and kitchen areas flow effortlessly, making it easy to be together without ever feeling crowded. Natural light fills the home, softened by layered window treatments that provide privacy at every turn. The spacious primary suite is its own retreat, anchored by a one-of-a-kind bathroom that quietly showcases the level of materials and craftsmanship found throughout the home. And yes, fresh eggs in the morning from the discreet on-site chicken coop add a charming, unexpected touch that guests always remember.

Families settle in immediately. Toys, board games, and a pack-n-play are available without disrupting the home’s elevated design. Kids find freedom here; adults find peace. Wellness details elevate the stay even further, including air purifiers throughout, a whole-house water filtration system, and reverse osmosis drinking water at the kitchen sink. An elliptical machine supports daily routines without ever leaving the property.

Step beyond the gate and the neighborhood opens gently around you. Sevier Park becomes an extension of your stay with shaded walking trails, open green space, a winding creek, playgrounds, and a seasonal farmers market that locals plan their weeks around. Morning yoga, neighborhood cycling, and relaxed afternoons are simply part of the rhythm here.

Some of 12 South’s most loved dining spots: Locust (Michelin-starred), Sushi-San, The Henry, Fonda, Urban Grub, and Postino, are woven seamlessly into daily life, along with favorite cafés like LaLa Land Coffee, The Buttermilk Ranch, Frothy Monkey, and Fast Times. With e-bike rentals less than a block away, exploring is effortless or entirely optional.

Sleeping Arrangements:
First floor: 1 King
Second floor: 2 Queens 
Third floor: 4 Twins (custom bunks)
Twin trundle, 2 additional toddler beds + pack n play on request

Location Highlights:
1 min to 12 South restaurants, bars, and shopping
8 min to The Gulch
10 min to Whole Foods
10 min to Broadway’s honky-tonks & nightlife
14 min to Titans Stadium & TopGolf
15 min to Germantown’s restaurants & shops
15 min to BNA Airport
22 min to Grand Ole Opry

Parking: You’ll have free private on site parking in the alley behind the home, with space for up to 4 vehicles comfortably on site and up to 6 total (upon request). The gravel parking pad fits up to three vehicles or a Sprinter van, and the pad behind the garage can also accommodate a small truck or Sprinter van, making arrivals with hired transportation easy and stress-free! 

White Glove Concierge Offerings: As this is our primary residence and hosted selectively, we’re able to offer optional, high-touch concierge support. By request, we can arrange pre-arrival grocery stocking, personalized preparation of the home, private chef services (with advance notice), and coordination of rentals such as cribs or pool items. We’re available 24/7 during your stay and focused on making each visit seamless and exceptional.

How to Book: We do not allow Instant Booking. All bookings must be pre-approved to ensure alignment with the home owners and guest expectations. To inquire or request, you may select your desired dates and click to book. This will notify us that you’ve requested to book, and then we will reach out to you through the booking platform. It’s important to note this is a primary residence. 

Disclaimer: This is a luxury primary residence. Room configurations, decor, and furnishings may vary from the listing photos. Hot tub heating is complimentary. Pool heating may be available by request and approval, subject to seasonal availability, and is offered for a $500 fee for three days.

Pets: Pets are considered at this property pending owner approval prior to arrival. When you inquire to book, it’s important that you let us know if you would like to bring a pet. There is a non-refundable pet fee of $500 to cover extra cleaning. Any damages caused by pets will be charged to the guest and is automatically agreed upon in the rental agreement. 

For Your Safety: Exterior security cameras are installed at or above entryways and monitor only the front and back entry doors solely for safety and property protection. There are no active interior cameras. Smart home and noise-monitoring systems are used outdoors after 10PM to ensure noise levels are within compliance with the neighborhood courtesy.

Guest access
This stay includes exclusive access to the main residence and private backyard, with convenient on-site parking located in the private alley behind the home. Guests will enjoy seamless keyless entry for the duration of their stay.

Other things to note
PERMIT #2022052532

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Nashville Luxury Retreats
Host User ID: 37047756
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/37047756
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
8 months hosting
17 reviews
4.94 out of 5 average rating
8 months of hosting