URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1534104559696857417
Latitude: 36.1309
Longitude: -86.8169
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 7
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your ultimate Nashville retreat! The Soundcheck Stay. A sprawling, high-end sanctuary designed for groups who want the luxury and the location. This is where your crew relaxes, recharges, and gets ready for the main stage of Music City.

You're perfectly positioned to enjoy the best of Nashville. Walkable to the charming boutiques and eateries of Hillsboro Village (Ruby Sunshine Pancake Pantry and Jeni's Ice Cream) and steps from the beautiful Centennial Park and its iconic Parthenon.

The space
💎 THIS HOME IS PERFECT FOR 💎
✔ Bachelor & Bachelorette Groups
Get ready for a memorable celebration! The stylish decor and convenient location near Nashville's famous nightlife make this the perfect party pad.

✔ Friend Meetups
Reconnect with friends in a space built for good times. The ample common areas and flexible sleeping arrangements are perfect for making new memories.

✔ Family Reunions
With plenty of space, a safe environment, and thoughtful amenities like our pack N Play, this home is designed for family-friendly fun.

✔ Concert & Event Goers
Skip the traffic! Our prime location offers quick and easy access to top venues, ensuring you never miss a beat.

✔ Corporate & Business Travelers
Stay productive and comfortable with high-speed WiFi and a dedicated workspace, all in a professional and relaxing setting.
——————————————————

💎 LIVING & DINING 💎
✔ Fully Stocked Kitchen with lots of amenities including; paper towels, dish soap, dish washer pods, large garbage bags, small garbage bags and everyone's favorite COFFEE with an easy to use keurig. 

✔ Large spacious living room, A great place to catch up, binge your favorite series or just simply relax. There is plenty of room for everyone! 
——————————————————

💎 BEDROOMS 💎
Sleep soundly in one of our four cozy bedrooms, all equipped with high-quality linens that are professionally cleaned and sanitized between every guest.

✔ Bedroom 1 (Ground Floor): Unwind in the ground-floor primary suite, featuring a luxurious King bed and a private full ensuite.

✔ Bedroom 2 (Second Floor): A peaceful haven with a plush King bed and its own dedicated private full bathroom on the second level.

✔ Bedroom 3 (Second Floor): The ultimate group accommodation! This expansive room boasts two Queen-over-Queen Bunk Beds and a stunning private attached bathroom with a soaking tub and separate walk-in shower.

✔ Bedroom 4 (Third Floor): off of the living room and kitchen is a queen bedroom with an attached private half bath. 
——————————————————

💎 BATHROOMS 💎
Our bathrooms are fully stocked with everything you need. You'll find plenty of fresh bath towels, washcloths, hand towels, and even dedicated makeup towels. For your convenience, we also provide complimentary shampoo, conditioner, and body wash.

✔Bathroom 1 (Ground Floor): Private full ensuite to Bedroom 1 with a sleek walk-in shower.

✔ Bathroom 2 (Second Floor): A Dedicated full bathroom to bedroom 2 featuring a standard shower-tub combo.

 ✔ Bathroom 3 (Second Floor): Exceptional second-floor ensuite (Bdr 3) offering maximum comfort with a soaking tub, separate large shower, and double vanities.

✔ Bathroom 4 (Third Floor): A private half-bathroom located within Bedroom 4, perfect for quick access, situated near the kitchen.
——————————————————

💎 WHAT’S CLOSE BY 💎
Explore the best of Nashville from our Nashville location! You'll be in the West End / Hillsboro neighborhood which is close to the city's top attractions and local gems. 

✔ Green Hills: ( 7 mins away, 2.8 miles ) Widely regarded as Nashville's premier luxury shopping and dining destination with over 120 stores.

✔ 12th South: ( 5 mins away, 1.5 miles ) Known as one of the city's trendiest and most walkable areas! It's a great spot to spend an afternoon shopping, eating and exploring music city

✔ Broadway: ( 9 mins away, 2.7 miles ) Dive into the heart of Nashville's vibrant energy and famous nightlife.

Guest access
✔ The Entire Property is Yours: Enjoy full and private access to the entire home for your group's stay.

✔ Easy Self Check-In: You'll receive a unique code before you arrive, allowing for a seamless and secure check-in process.

✔ 24/7 Guest Support: We're here for you. Feel free to message or call us anytime, day or night, with any questions or needs you may have.

Other things to note
💎HOUSE RULES💎
We want to make sure your stay is as enjoyable as possible. Please keep the following house rules in mind:
✔ Quiet Hours: We kindly ask that you observe quiet hours from 10 p.m. to 7 a.m.

✔  **No Smoking: This is a 100% smoke-free property. This includes cigarettes, vapes, and all THC products.

✔ Enjoy Your Stay: We simply ask that you treat our home with the same care and respect you would your own. Have a fantastic time!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Montgomery Square
Host User ID: 724501981
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/724501981
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 months hosting
19 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
10 months of hosting