URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1296443930817147772
Latitude: 36.1626
Longitude: -86.8394
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 2
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Quiet and Cozy home in Nashville. 2 bedroom/ 1 bathroom. Everything you need to make you feel right at home. Tucked away in the hip neighborhood of The Nations, ONLY 4 miles from the heart of MUSIC CITY - Broadway, Honky Tonks & Bars are only a short drive or quick Uber/Lyft away.  Only 3 minutes from the Nashville's Famous Hot Chicken - Hattie B's!

The space
Thank you for your interest in Southern Charm Nashville!

WEEKEND RESERVATIONS:
Friday and Saturday MUST be booked together. Weekends are our most popular time in the city, which is why we require Friday and Saturday to be booked together. We have this rule due to the fact that it makes the other weekend night almost impossible to book if it is split up.

This home is newly furnished with your comfort in mind and makes you feel right at home.

BEDROOM 1 FEATURES:
1 Queen Bed

BEDROOM 2 FEATURES:
1 Queen Bed

LIVING ROOM:
1 Queen Sofa Bed -
The sofa bed is not working right now. We are waiting for it to be repaired.
1 Twin, bed height, pressurized air mattress

AMENITIES INCLUDE:
Vanity stations set up throughout for ease of getting ready with several guests.
Free WiFi 
TV in all rooms
Fully equipped kitchen
Iron/Iron board
Hair dryer
Fresh bed linens
Plush towels
Toiletries - shampoo, conditioner, body soap, body lotion
Cozy pillows 
Dishwasher
Washer/Dryer
Keurig coffeemaker - coffee, creamer, sugar
Central air-conditioning/heat

If this space is booked please feel free to inquire about our other accommodation options.

CONCIERGE SERVICE: 
Anything you need is at your fingertips with our concierge add-ons like stocking your fridge, luggage storage, decorating for your celebration or planning your itinerary! Let us make your trip to Nashville the best trip ever!

CLEANING FEE:
We pride ourselves on providing a clean home for our guests. We hire cleaners that not only work hard, but are family and friends of ours. They treat the property as their own and we pay them well, resulting in a slightly higher cleaning fee. It goes back to them, not some major company paying their workers minimum wage. If during your stay, anything isn’t up to your standard please let us know and we will address it immediately!

COMMUNITY FEE: A 6% community fee will automatically be added to your booking for required city hotel occupancy tax. And you will see this reflected in your reservation request.

Guest access
GUIDE BOOK:
A book with recommendations for local restaurants, coffee shops, spas and other places to visit is provided in the condo.

FREE PARKING:
Guests have free parking directly at the condo.

Other things to note
We have worked very hard to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Please respect, care and be mindful of the surrounding neighbors so that guests can continue to enjoy the space for many years to come.

EARLY CHECK IN/LATE CHECK OUT REQUESTS:
Our properties typically book every night and 100% of weekends. If you think you may need early check in or late check out please consider adding a night to the beginning or conclusion of your trip. Alternatively you can hire the local luggage holding service to hold your luggage before your check in or after your check out, if you are arriving early or departing late. 
Please DO NOT ask for a early check in or late check out unless it’s the day prior to your arrival or the day before check out.
On the same note, if you’re interested in one of our properties book it as soon as possible, we CAN NOT hold reservations and continuously correspond with groups who wanted accommodations that are no longer available.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Elisha
Host User ID: 356454757
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/356454757
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Welcome to our cozy and charming home! Nestled in the heart of Nashville, our space offers the perfect blend of comfort and convenience. Whether you're here for a relaxing getaway or a business trip, we've designed our home to provide you with everything you need for a memorable stay.

We cannot wait to host you and help you experience all that Nashville has to offer!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 91%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
45 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting