URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/49837666
Latitude: 36.1786
Longitude: -86.7585
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 11
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to Vinyl, your ultimate Nashville getaway just five minutes from the vibrant energy of Broadway! This spacious property boasts four beautifully designed bedrooms, 11 cozy beds, and six stylish bathrooms, offering plenty of room and comfort for your group. The highlight of the home is its stunning rooftop deck, offering panoramic views of the iconic Nashville skyline—ideal for sipping morning coffee or enjoying evening cocktails. STRP.2021042455.

The space
Welcome to Vinyl – Your Stylish Retreat in the Heart of Nashville

Step into a mid-century modern sanctuary bursting with vibrant colors, retro flair, and elevated comfort. This thoughtfully designed 4-bedroom townhome—plus a private den—comfortably sleeps up to 12 guests, offering the perfect blend of style, function, and fun. Each bedroom features an en suite bathroom and Smart TV, giving everyone space to unwind in comfort.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements

First floor 
Kitchen (Keurig and drip coffee pot), living room with a massive sleeper sofa, full bathroom with shower only

Second floor
1st bedroom - King, en-suite bathroom with tub/shower combo

Laundry room

2nd bedroom - 2 twins, en-suite bathroom with tub/shower combo

Third floor
3rd bedroom - King, twin day bed, en-suite bathroom with shower only

4th bedroom - Queen, en-suite bathroom with shower only

Fourth floor 
5th bedroom - twin with twin trundle, en-suite bathroom with shower only 

Living room lounge - sleeper sofa, kitchenette with a Keurig and rooftop patio. Shared access to full bathroom

The open-concept living, dining, and kitchen area sets the stage for memorable meals, cozy conversations, or planning your next Nashville adventure. But the real showstopper? The rooftop deck—complete with a wet bar, lounge seating, a mounted TV, and sweeping views of the Nashville skyline. Whether you’re sipping morning coffee or toasting the night with cocktails, it’s pure magic.

🚗 Drive Times
5 min to Broadway

8 min to The Gulch

10 min to 12South

4 min (or a 25-min walk) to Nissan Stadium

10 min to Music Row & Edgehill

3 min to Kroger Grocery

7 min to SoBro

10 min to Midtown

15–20 min to BNA Airport

💫 What You’ll Love
Stunning rooftop deck with skyline views, a TV, wet bar, and lounge seating

Spacious, spa-like bathrooms in every bedroom

Fully stocked kitchen—perfect for morning coffee, happy hour cocktails, or late-night snacks

Smart TVs in every bedroom

2 dedicated parking spaces

Keyless entry system with your own unique code

Vinyl is part of a **collection of four stunning townhomes—Units A, B, C, and D—**each designed to accommodate up to 12 guests. These homes share a private courtyard featuring an outdoor grill and games—perfect for relaxing or gathering the group. Unit C is where the color, charm, and comfort all come together for a uniquely inviting Nashville escape.

🎶 Live Loud or Lounge Easy—This Is Nashville
Whether you're here for the music, the food, or just some fun with your favorite people, Nashville delivers. Wander Broadway’s neon glow, enjoy live music around every corner, and treat yourself to a scoop (or three) of Jeni’s ice cream. Then, come home to Vinyl—where comfort meets character and every detail is designed with your stay in mind.

Your unforgettable Nashville getaway awaits—and we can’t wait to host you!

Other things to note
🎶 Live Music Experience – By Request!
Want to make your Nashville trip even more unforgettable? 🎤

We can arrange for a private acoustic set performed by a local Nashville recording artist right in the comfort of our home! The Artist will play a mix of your favorite covers and original songs. Just ask us how to book it!

🔔 We provide a starter supply of basic guest amenities to help you settle in comfortably. These are not restocked during your stay and include:

🧻 • 2 rolls of toilet paper per bathroom
🧻 • 2 rolls of paper towels
🧽 • 1 cleaning sponge
☕ • A handful of K-Cups or a small bag of ground coffee

For longer stays or larger groups, we recommend bringing or purchasing any additional supplies you may need.

This property has specific local compliance requirements. Before check-in, guests must complete a signed rental agreement, identity verification, and a $1,000 - $1,500 security hold. The security hold is not a traditional security deposit, it is only a temporary pending authorization on your payment method.

As an optional alternative to the security hold, guests may purchase a non-refundable damage waiver through a third-party provider. The damage waiver is completely optional.

We make everything easy and secure by using Happy Guest, a convenient online platform that requires no app download or account setup. Through the secure guest portal, you can quickly complete your verification, view important property details, access check-in instructions, explore local Nashville recommendations, and take advantage of optional upgrades to enhance your stay.

Local guests within 25 miles must inquire before booking.
Smoke-free property violations incur a $150 fee.
Quiet hours after 10 PM for a restful experience.

Registration Details
STRP # - 2021039846

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Playlist
Host User ID: 319913
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/319913
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Playlist Properties was Nashville's FIRST 100% locally owned and operated licensed Vacation Rental Management Company. When you call us, you are talking to a Nashville Local! So if you are looking to book a vacation rental in Music City or the surrounding area, or need a local expert to manage your vacation rental property in Middle Tennessee, you have come to the right place! We are family owned and operated, and stay close to our properties to greet our guests with good ole southern Music City hospitality! Want to know the best things to do while staying in your Nashville vacation rental? We’ve got the local recommendations on what to do, where to go, and where to eat in Nashville. We will help you build your personal Playlist of activities to make the most of your stay in your Nashville vacation home. Contact us to get started!
My work: Playlist Properties
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
16 years hosting
1919 reviews
4.74 out of 5 average rating
16 years of hosting