URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1414680487912660295
Latitude: 36.12790976959129
Longitude: -86.75367955507154
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 10
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This stylish place to stay is perfect for group trips. Welcome to Nashville's ideal getaway. Stunning downtown views. Minutes from Broadway. Sleeps 12 on 10 beds. Foosball, Shuffleboard, rooftop deck.

The condo is brand-new, has high-end appliances, and is professionally decorated. It has four bedrooms and a flex room with twin beds that can expand the sleeping arrangements. The rooftop deck has overhead lights and a lighted Nashville sign, perfect for memorable photos.

5 Mins from Downtown!

The space
Welcome to Music CityView! This brand-new condo is just a 5 minute Uber ride to downtown and a walk to Geodis Park, Nashville's new soccer stadium.

Ample, luxurious space perfect for big groups. It offers professionally decorated bedrooms, 3 out of 4 bathrooms are ensuite, large and private rooftop deck ideal for drinking a cocktail while taking in the Nashville skyline. The rooftop has ample seating and a 5-foot Jenga kit. The kitchen is fully stocked and open to a large living area with a big dining table and a 4k Roku TV. Wifi is lightning-fast throughout the whole space. The garage has become a game room with an epoxy floor, Foosball and Shuffleboard tables, a minifridge, and a 4k Roku TV.

Bedroom Layouts:

Bedroom 1 - Queen over Queen bunk beds and additional convertible Twin Bed. En-suite bathroom. (Sleeps up to 5 people on 3 beds).
Bedroom 2 - King Bed. En-suite bathroom. (Sleeps up to 2 people on 1 bed)
Bedrooms 3 - Queen over Queen bunk beds and additional convertible Twin Bed. En-suite bathroom. (Sleeps up to 5 people on 3 beds).
Bedroom 4 - King Bed. En-suite bathroom. (Sleeps up to 2 people on 1 bed)
Flex room: Twin over Twin bunk beds (sleeps up to 2 people on 2 beds).

Uber Drive-times:
Geodis Park (soccer stadium) - 25 min walk
Broadway/Ryman/Downtown/Bridgestone Arena (home of the Nashville Predators) - 5-10 mins depending on traffic.
Airport - 10-15 mins depending on traffic.
Nissan Stadium (home of the Titans) - 5-10 mins.
Gaylord Opryland Hotel and The Grand Ole Opry -15 mins

Guest access:

Guests have access to the entire townhouse, including the rooftop patio, the game room in the garage, and a fully stocked kitchen.

Other things to note:

Charming Stay Close to Nashville’s Hottest Spots! 🎵🏙️

Welcome to your perfect getaway in Nashville! Our cozy property is just a mile from the vibrant WeHo (Westwood Houston) neighborhood and only 3 miles from downtown Nashville and the trendy 12 South neighborhood. Enjoy the best of Music City from a central location that offers both convenience and comfort!

Why You’ll Love Staying Here:

⚽️ A Short Walk to WeHo: Just a mile away, the up-and-coming WeHo area is home to Nashville's soccer stadium, delicious restaurants, and Santa's Pub—a local favorite for karaoke and dive bar fun.

🏙️ Quick Access to Downtown: In just 3 miles, you can be in the heart of downtown Nashville, where live music, historic honky-tonks, the Country Music Hall of Fame, and vibrant nightlife await. Perfect for anyone looking to explore the core of Music City!

🌳 Close to 12 South: Only 3 miles from the property, 12 South is one of Nashville's trendiest neighborhoods, known for its boutique shopping, iconic murals, great coffee shops, and fantastic restaurants.

🚶‍♀️ Walkable, Central Location: With so much within a few miles, you can explore some of Nashville's most popular areas by foot, bike, or a quick drive.

Stay with us and enjoy easy access to Nashville's best neighborhoods, whether you're here for the music, the food, the culture, or all three. Book your stay today and start your Nashville adventure!

*Although there are approximately 4 community parking spaces in the neighborhood, they are first come first served so it is rare for them to be open and parking in front of the garage door is prohibited, so we don’t recommend this property to anyone intending to drive into town or renting a vehicle. It’s the perfect spot for anyone taking ride share from the airport as Uber / Lyft are just a 15 min ride.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Jonny
Host User ID: 24007959
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/24007959
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
British immigrant!
Realtor in Nashville since 2005.
Love Sports, Outdoors, Family & Friends
Christian
My work: Realtor
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
12 years hosting
5853 reviews
4.81 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting