URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1668247295017996688
Latitude: 36.1815
Longitude: -86.80537
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 12
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Needing a luxe getaway to call home? 6 minutes to Broadway. 8 comfy beds. Beautiful design. Rooftop lounge with karaoke. Built for memorable group trips.

Welcome to The Remington by Elevay & Co. — a modern stay designed for groups who want to be close to everything, without feeling stuck in the middle of it. Whether you're here for a birthday, bachelorette, or a weekend in Nashville, this place just works.

The space
Imagine staying where Broadway and downtown are minutes away. Where you would relax and at the same time, have fun while drinking and singing on the stage using our Karaoke! Playing games with your group feels like you don’t want to end the night.

Elegant design paired with comfy beds and a spacious layout — ideal for large groups and bach parties, with easy access to downtown and a rooftop space made for relaxing, playing, and making memories.

✨ What You’ll Love

• Spacious layout across multiple levels — room to gather without feeling crowded
• Coffee bar (drip + Keurig) to start your mornings right
• 6 minutes to Broadway, downtown, and top restaurants & nightlife
• Early check-in & late check-out when available

Start your mornings at the coffee bar, then ease into the day with plenty of space to spread out across multiple levels.

The layout is designed for groups — open, connected, and easy to move through whether you're getting ready together, hanging out in the living areas, or heading out for the day.

When you’re back from Broadway, the rooftop becomes the go-to spot. It’s where the night keeps going — drinks, conversations, and time with your crew without needing to leave.

🛏️ Sleeping Arrangements (4 Bedrooms, 3.5 Bathrooms)
Designed so everyone has space to recharge — without compromise.
• Bedroom 1: Two Full Beds
• Bedroom 2: One Full Bed + Bunk (Twin over Full)
• Bedroom 3: Two full beds
• Bedroom 4: One King Bed

3.5 bathrooms total — so your group can move at their own pace without waiting or overlapping.

☕Eat, Sip & Unwind
Mornings start at the coffee bar with everything you need — whether you're up early or recovering from a night out.

The kitchen is fully equipped for whatever the day calls for — from quick breakfasts to slow, shared meals before heading out.

As the day winds down, the rooftop takes over. It’s where everything naturally comes together — a place to gather, reset, and ease into the night with the city just minutes away.

📍 Location Highlights:
• 6 min to Broadway nightlife & live music
• 3 min to Germantown dining & shops
• 8 min to Nissan Stadium & TopGolf
• 10 min to 12 South area
• 14 min to BNA Airport
• 18 min to Grand Ole Opry

Perfectly located to explore Nashville while still enjoying your own private space.

🚶 Nearby Favorites:
• Sift Bakery - local baked goods
• Bag Lady’s Fry Joint – comfort food favorite
• The Loading Dock – laid-back brunch café
• Tio Fun – fun & creative Mexican eats
• Slim & Husky’s – must-try local pizza

Parking
This home offers 2 parking spots on the parking pad outside of the home. Please note there is NO garage parking nor access to the garage. It’s currently not available for guests to access and is used as owner storage. 

A heads up: the garage is used for host storage, and our housekeeping team may briefly access it from the exterior between 10am–4pm. Rest assured, there is no access to the interior of your home at any time.

WE DO NOT RENT TO LOCALS; ALL LOCALS MUST INQUIRE. 

STRP #2024055009

Guest access
▪️Guests will have access to the entire townhome, including the rooftop lounge, wet bar, kitchen, living areas, bedrooms, and bathrooms.

▪️Washer & Dryer: Located on the 3rd floor in the hallway between the bedrooms.

▪️ TVs & Streaming: Located in the living room and select bedrooms. We do not provide streaming accounts, but you are welcome to log into your own. Please remember to log out before you leave!

▪️Refrigerator: There is a filtered water spout on the front. Any unopened drinks or cabinet items left inside are 100% free for you to enjoy or disregard!

Don't forget that your host, Kirklyn, is also a local who's eager to help you find your next favorite restaurant in Nashville.

Other things to note
House Rules

The primary guest must be 21+ to book. We do not accept local bookings without prior approval; if you are local, please inquire before booking.

Quiet hours are from 11:00 PM to 7:00 AM. Please be respectful of our neighbors.

If you would like an early check-in, please message us the morning of your reservation. Check-out is at 10:00 AM unless pre-approved.

No parties, events, large gatherings, unauthorized guests, pets, smoking, or vaping are permitted. Smoking or vaping inside the home or on the rooftop will result in additional cleaning fees.

Glitter and confetti are not allowed anywhere on the property. Decorations may only be hung using blue painter's tape. Do not use tape, glue dots, tacks, nails, or other adhesives that may damage the home. Guests will be charged for additional cleaning fees, paint touch ups, or any resulting damages.

Guests are responsible for the cost of replacing any linens permanently stained or damaged by blood, vomit, urine, makeup, self-tanner, hair dye, or other biohazards.

Please do not flush wipes, feminine hygiene products, paper towels, or anything other than toilet paper. Report any maintenance or plumbing issues immediately so we can address them promptly.

By booking this home, you acknowledge and agree to follow these house rules. Violations may result in additional charges ($400+), cancellation of your reservation, or termination of your stay without refund. 

Mail & Packages: Mail and package deliveries to the property are not permitted under any circumstances. Please use an Amazon Locker, FedEx Hold at Location, UPS Access Point, or another secure pickup location for any deliveries. We are unable to accept, store, or be responsible for any mail or packages sent to the property.

Exterior security cameras are in use and actively monitor the outside of the property for safety and security.

STRP #2024055009

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: ⁨Elevay & Co.⁩
Host User ID: 721468702
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/721468702
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Kirklyn and the Elevay Team specialize in delivering elevated, 5-star stays through Elevay & Co. Our approach combines local expertise, exceptional service, and intentional hospitality to create memorable experiences for every guest. From booking to departure, we're committed to making your stay effortless, comfortable, and unforgettable. We'd love for you to share about your experience with us @elevayco on socials!
My work: Radical Hospitality
For guests, I always: Remind them to get dinner reservations.
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
11 months hosting
273 reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
11 months of hosting