URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/859331158603384093
Latitude: 36.19074054836047
Longitude: -86.76093144495948
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: None
privacy_radius_meters: None
radius_source: None
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: None
bedrooms: 4
beds: 6
occupancy: 12
fields_status: missing: privacy_radius_meters, map_marker_type
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome! Our spacious 4-bedroom, 3-bath home. This stunner is in the heart of East Nashville. With 2 stories, indoor/ outdoor fireplaces, and a lovely back patio, our place is perfect for groups or families exploring Nashville. We have plenty of space for up to 12 guests. We are perfectly situated in a quaint community with easy access to all the hottest Nashville neighbors. We are locals and love recommending places to go, things to do, and the best food and drink spots!

The space
Located in one of the trendiest local and walkable East Nashville neighborhoods, you will enjoy stretching out and cozying up in our home. Our home is a two-story, four-bedroom home with plenty of space to sleep 12 guests comfortably. We have an indoor and an outdoor fireplace, spacious bedrooms, trendy local art, and yes, real plants.

We want our guests to feel like locals & truly experience the Nashville we know and love!

Our home features four comfortable bedrooms, with plenty of natural light. The first floor includes a fully equipped kitchen, dining area, our first bedroom with a queen bed and full bathroom, and a cozy living room with an indoor fireplace that opens up to our lovely back patio with outdoor seating and another fireplace. Upstairs, you'll find three additional spacious bedrooms and a full-sized laundry room.

Our first floor:
Bedroom 1: Our downstairs bedroom has a queen bed. There's a full-size bathroom next to the bedroom!
Kitchen
Dining space
Living Room - features a pull-out couch
Outdoor patio

Our second floor:
Master bedroom: Our spacious master has a king-sized bed, and private attached bathroom with a spacious walk-in shower.
Bedroom 3: This bedroom has two full-sized beds with an attached jack-and-jill bathroom. 
Bedroom 4: The back bedroom has a queen bed and shares the full-sized jack-and-jill with bedroom 3.
There's a full-sized laundry room with a washer and dryer that you're more than welcome to use.

In addition to the vibrant East Nashville scene, our home is just a short drive or Uber ride away from the heart of downtown Nashville, where you can explore some of the city's most iconic attractions and bars. Here are some popular spots and their distances from our home:

Nissan Stadium (2.5 miles, 10 minutes)
Geodis Park (5.5 miles, 15 minutes)
5th and Broadway (1.9 miles, 7 minutes)
Johnny Cash Museum and Cafe (2.2 miles, 8 minutes)
Jason Aldean's Kitchen + Rooftop Bar (1.5 miles, 7 minutes)
The Fox Bar (2 miles, 5 minutes)

Red-Headed Stranger (.9 miles, 3 minutes)
Audrey (.9 miles, 3 minutes)
Mas Tacos Por Favor (.9 miles, 3 minutes)
Bar Taco (9 miles, 20 minutes)

Flora and Fauna (.6 miles, 2 minutes)
Elegy Coffee (2 miles, 5 minutes)

Guest access
We have a separate access code for every stay.  We'll send this on the day of arrival You will have the entire home to yourself.  *Please look at our photos so you will get a clear layout of our home in the house plan.*

While we cannot accommodate early check-ins / check-outs, we allow guests to drop their bags after noon the day of check-in.  Are you coming into town in the early morning or have a late flight and want to store your luggage?  Let us know and we'll connect you with our luggage concierge service and give you our promo code!

Other things to note
We've got all your amenities covered - towels, linens, coffee for your first morning, and bathroom essentials (shampoo, conditioner, and body wash) are provided.

This home is perfect for bachelor/ bachelorette groups, families, or guests who need a quiet and spacious place to work or just want a little getaway. Some of our favorite local spots are just blocks away, and although we are in a neighborhood, we're incredibly close to downtown so you'll have a city feel with the comfort of home.

IMPORTANT DETAILS and HOUSE RULES:
- Before booking, please read/ understand the cancellation policy. We strongly recommend purchasing trip cancellation/travel insurance as we do not refund for cancellations outside of the policy listed.
- Parties and/ or Events are not permitted at this property & may result in the removal of your group from the premises without a refund.

House Rules
Minimum Booking Age: 25 years old.
No Pets: No pets allowed, including emotional support animals.
No Locals: Local guests are not permitted.
No Parties or Events: Only registered guests are allowed in the home.
No Smoking: Smoking is prohibited inside the home and on the property.
No Weapons: Weapons of any kind are not permitted in our home or on our property. 
No Rearranging Furniture: Please do not move furniture around.
No Confetti or Tape: Please do not use tape or adhesive of any kind on our walls. *Damages will be charged to you*

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Matthew
Host User ID: 25369659
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/25369659
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Young professional who loves to travel.
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
3 years hosting
122 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
3 years of hosting