Discover modern luxury in this custom-built home, just 2 miles from downtown Nashville or a quick 7-minute Uber ride away. Enjoy easy access to the bustling 12th South, fashionable Gulch, and vibrant downtown life. Relax in the cozy ambiance and enjoy the cityscape from the comfort of the spacious rooftop deck.

✔4 bedrooms (sleeps 4) - please inquire for more guests
✔3 full bathrooms + 2 half bathrooms
✔Fully equipped chef’s kitchen 
✔Custom built modern design
✔Firepit, rooftop deck, and views

The space
Welcome to your perfect getaway! This custom-built home is your cozy retreat with a touch of 'hygge', a Danish term for warmth and comfort. Designed with modern, clean lines, it offers a blend of style and coziness. With 4 bedrooms, 3 full baths, 2 half baths, and a rooftop deck, it's ideal for any vacation!

★ LIVING ROOM ★
 
Step into a space straight from a chic design magazine! Bold and inviting, this living room is perfect for making memories, whether reuniting with friends or forming new bonds.
 
✔ Open-concept layout for easy socializing
✔ Couch, chairs, coffee table & fireplace
✔ High-speed Wi-Fi + books & reading material
✔ 65” HDTV with Netflix, YouTube TV with premium cable 

★ KITCHEN ★
 
Our kitchen is as great for entertaining as for cooking. It features a large island/breakfast bar, elegant finishes, white cabinets, and high-end appliances.

✔ Fully equipped kitchen for all your cooking needs
✔ Stainless steel appliances including fridge, freezer, stove, oven, dishwasher, and microwave
✔ Kitchen island + breakfast bar with seating for 4
✔ Kettle, coffee maker, baking sheets, BBQ utensils, and wine glasses included
✔ Complimentary coffee, snacks and water!

★ DINING ★

We believe that where you eat is just as important as what you eat and who you eat with! This is why we’ve designed this dining space to facilitate a warm, welcoming environment for all! Take a look at the artwork on the wall – it’s been curated from artists all around the world and we hope it helps you create fond memories of your time here! 

✔ Open-concept dining area for sit-down meals     
✔ Dining table with seat settings for 6
✔ Place settings and dining utensils
✔ Curated original art from artists around the world

★ BEDROOMS ★

With all the exciting sights that Nashville offers, you’re going to need your energy to maximize your time here! Be sure to get a good night’s rest every night during your stay. Each bedroom has been decorated with a simple, clean design to provide you with a sense of ease and tranquility. Each bedroom also features nightstands and bed lamps for your convenience.

✔ 4 bedrooms decorated with a simple, clean design
✔ 6 queen-sized beds with crisp sheets and fluffy pillows
✔ Can comfortably sleep 12 guests

★ BATHROOMS ★

Our bathrooms offer a spa-like experience with walk-in showers, soaking tubs, and double vanities.

✔ 3 full bathrooms & 2 half bathrooms
✔ Jack-and-Jill sinks, glass walk-in showers, and soaking tubs
✔ Essential toiletries included (shampoo, conditioner, body wash, soap)
✔ Awesome fluffy oversized towels
✔ Hair dryer and iron also available

★ BACKYARD & PATIO ★

You’ll want to take full advantage of this backyard retreat! Take advantage of our great weather, fire up the BBQ grill, and enjoy a meal on the patio. In the evenings, stay warm and cozy by the fire pit! For those interested in a view, make your way to the 3rd floor deck! 

✔ Private patio with outdoor furniture
✔ Firepit and BBQ grill available for your use
✔ Vews from the 3rd floor deck
✔ Fully fenced patio

★ OTHER AMENITIES ★

Free parking is available to all guests on the streets. There is usually plenty of street parking right in front of the house but occasionally, guests may have to park two or three houses down. If you don’t have a car, that won’t be a problem – Uber and Lyft are readily available as well as scooters for rent! Also, there are many great neighborhoods and attractions that are only a 15-minute walk.

Free laundry is also included with your stay. There is an in-unit washer and dryer available for your use should you need to refresh your clothing during your stay.

Guest access
You will have access to the entire house including the back patio and the rooftop deck. Please note that there are a lot of stairs in this house as there are three levels plus stairs leading to the front door. Feel free to make use of all the amenities provided, including laundry, the fire pit, and the BBQ grill. 

Note that there is to be no parties, events, pets, or smoking during your stay. Please treat our home the way you’d treat your home!

Other things to note
If you're planning to have more friends or family join, just let us know before booking. We're happy to accommodate your group (up to 12). Please note, for any extra guests not mentioned in your booking, there's an additional fee of $75 per person.