Skip to content
Homes
Homes
Experiences
Experiences
Services
Services
Start your search
Location
Anywhere
Check in / Check out
Anytime
Guests
Add guests
Become a host
Modern & Cozy Oasis | Fire pit | Deck With Views
Share
Save
Show all photos
Photos
Amenities
Reviews
Location
Entire home in Nashville, Tennessee, United States
4 guests · 4 bedrooms · 6 beds · 4 baths
Guest
favorite
One of the most loved homes on Airbnb, according to guests
Rated 4.97 out of 5 stars.
4.97
35 reviews
35
Reviews
Hosted by Irena
Superhost · 9 years hosting
Listing highlights
In Edgehill, near 12 South
Walkable to 12 South's shops and restaurants, with the Gulch and downtown a short drive away
Three levels of outdoor space
A private fenced backyard with a fire pit and grill, plus a rooftop deck on the third floor
Irena is a responsive, helpful host
Guests highlight how responsive and helpful Irena is, with many planning return visits
Discover modern luxury in this custom-built home, just 2 miles from downtown Nashville or a quick 7-minute Uber ride away. Enjoy easy access to the bustling 12th South, fashionable Gulch, and vibrant downtown life. Relax in the cozy ambiance and enjoy the cityscape from the comfort of the spacious rooftop deck.

✔4 bedrooms (sleeps 4) - please inquire for more guests
✔3 full bathrooms + 2 half bathrooms
✔Fully equipped chef’s kitchen 
✔Custom built modern design
✔Firepit, rooftop deck, and views

The space
Welcome to your perfect getaway! This custom-built home is your cozy retreat with a touch of 'hygge', a Danish term for warmth and comfort. Designed with modern, clean lines, it offers a blend of style and coziness. With 4 bedrooms, 3 full baths, 2 half baths, and a rooftop deck, it's ideal for any vacation!

★ LIVING ROOM ★
 
Step into a space straight from a chic design magazine! Bold and inviting, this living room is perfect for making memories, whether reuniting with friends or forming new bonds.
 
✔ Open-concept layout for easy socializing
✔ Couch, chairs, coffee table & fireplace
✔ High-speed Wi-Fi + books & reading material
✔ 65” HDTV with Netflix, YouTube TV with premium cable 


★ KITCHEN ★
 
Our kitchen is as great for entertaining as for cooking. It features a large island/breakfast bar, elegant finishes, white cabinets, and high-end appliances.

✔ Fully equipped kitchen for all your cooking needs
✔ Stainless steel appliances including fridge, freezer, stove, oven, dishwasher, and microwave
✔ Kitchen island + breakfast bar with seating for 4
✔ Kettle, coffee maker, baking sheets, BBQ utensils, and wine glasses included
✔ Complimentary coffee, snacks and water!


★ DINING ★

We believe that where you eat is just as important as what you eat and who you eat with! This is why we’ve designed this dining space to facilitate a warm, welcoming environment for all! Take a look at the artwork on the wall – it’s been curated from artists all around the world and we hope it helps you create fond memories of your time here! 

✔ Open-concept dining area for sit-down meals     
✔ Dining table with seat settings for 6
✔ Place settings and dining utensils
✔ Curated original art from artists around the world


★ BEDROOMS ★

With all the exciting sights that Nashville offers, you’re going to need your energy to maximize your time here! Be sure to get a good night’s rest every night during your stay. Each bedroom has been decorated with a simple, clean design to provide you with a sense of ease and tranquility. Each bedroom also features nightstands and bed lamps for your convenience.

✔ 4 bedrooms decorated with a simple, clean design
✔ 6 queen-sized beds with crisp sheets and fluffy pillows
✔ Can comfortably sleep 12 guests

★ BATHROOMS ★

Our bathrooms offer a spa-like experience with walk-in showers, soaking tubs, and double vanities.

✔ 3 full bathrooms & 2 half bathrooms
✔ Jack-and-Jill sinks, glass walk-in showers, and soaking tubs
✔ Essential toiletries included (shampoo, conditioner, body wash, soap)
✔ Awesome fluffy oversized towels
✔ Hair dryer and iron also available

★ BACKYARD & PATIO ★

You’ll want to take full advantage of this backyard retreat! Take advantage of our great weather, fire up the BBQ grill, and enjoy a meal on the patio. In the evenings, stay warm and cozy by the fire pit! For those interested in a view, make your way to the 3rd floor deck! 

✔ Private patio with outdoor furniture
✔ Firepit and BBQ grill available for your use
✔ Vews from the 3rd floor deck
✔ Fully fenced patio

★ OTHER AMENITIES ★

Free parking is available to all guests on the streets. There is usually plenty of street parking right in front of the house but occasionally, guests may have to park two or three houses down. If you don’t have a car, that won’t be a problem – Uber and Lyft are readily available as well as scooters for rent! Also, there are many great neighborhoods and attractions that are only a 15-minute walk.

Free laundry is also included with your stay. There is an in-unit washer and dryer available for your use should you need to refresh your clothing during your stay.

Guest access
You will have access to the entire house including the back patio and the rooftop deck. Please note that there are a lot of stairs in this house as there are three levels plus stairs leading to the front door. Feel free to make use of all the amenities provided, including laundry, the fire pit, and the BBQ grill. 

Note that there is to be no parties, events, pets, or smoking during your stay. Please treat our home the way you’d treat your home!

Other things to note
If you're planning to have more friends or family join, just let us know before booking. We're happy to accommodate your group (up to 12). Please note, for any extra guests not mentioned in your booking, there's an additional fee of $75 per person.
Show more
Where you’ll sleep
1 of 2 pages
1 / 2
Bedroom 1
1 queen bed
Bedroom 2
2 queen beds
Bedroom 3
1 queen bed
Bedroom 4
2 queen beds
What this place offers
City skyline view
Kitchen
Wifi
Dedicated workspace
Free street parking
TV with standard cable
Free washer – In unit
Free dryer – In unit
Central air conditioning
Exterior security cameras on property
Show all 65 amenities
Select check-in date
Add your travel dates for exact pricing
Clear dates
Add dates for prices
Add dates for prices
CHECK-IN
Add date
CHECKOUT
Add date
GUESTS
1 guest
Check availability
Report this listing
Rated 4.97 out of 5 from 35 reviews.
4.97
Guest favorite
This home is a guest favorite based on ratings, reviews, and reliability
How reviews work
How reviews work
Overall rating
5 stars, 97% of reviews
5
4 stars, 3% of reviews
4
3 stars, 0% of reviews
3
2 stars, 0% of reviews
2
1 stars, 0% of reviews
1
Rated 4.9 out of 5 stars for cleanliness
Cleanliness
4.9
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for accuracy
Accuracy
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for check-in
Check-in
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for communication
Communication
5.0
Rated 5.0 out of 5 stars for location
Location
5.0
Rated 4.9 out of 5 stars for value
Value
4.9
Guest reviews mention
Location
16
Hospitality
19
Indoor spaces
8
Getting around
5
Cleanliness
10
Comfort
7
Decor
3
Parking
2
Sleep quality
3
Outdoor spaces
3
Rocky
Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
3 weeks ago
,
·
Stayed with kids
Great place to stay in 12 South, close to lots of restaurants and downtown. Irena was very helpful and responsive. Would definitely stay again!
Joseph
Chino Hills, California
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
May 2026
,
·
Stayed one night
Irena’s place was stunning! Communication was very easy and she was super prompt with her responses. The place was very well located and next to everything. Thank you for a wonderful stay Irena!
Show more
Kelly
Scottsdale, Arizona
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
May 2026
,
·
Stayed a few nights
Loved this house so much! It was beautifully decorated, spacious, a great location. Highly recommend and will be back.
Shannon
Knoxville, Tennessee
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
December 2025
,
·
Stayed one night
We had a wonderful stay at Irena’s Airbnb. The home was beautiful, spacious, and very comfortable- especially the beds. The location was convenient to many popular spots, and we always found parking right in front of the house. There were a few people occasionally hanging out on the corner nearby, which made my friend a bit uneasy about leaving her car on the street, but we never experienced any issues. Overall, it was a great stay, and we would happily return.
Show more
Regi
Mims, Florida
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
June 2026
,
·
Stayed a few nights
Loved our stay.
Catie
9 years on Airbnb
Rating, 5 stars
,
·
October 2025
,
·
Stayed a few nights
Irena’s place was perfect for our girls trip. Plenty of space for all of us to feel comfortable. We really enjoyed the outdoor spaces, the rooms are spacious and the beds are very comfortable. Also a great location, easily walkable to 12 south and a quick, inexpensive Uber ride downtown. We would definitely stay here again.
Show more
Show all 35 reviews
Where you’ll be
12 South, Nashville
Creative shops, patio dining, and brunch spots line this walkable neighborhood, with murals, boutiques, and casual cafes.
From the host
Our house is located in the Edgehill neighborhood and is surrounded by many vibrant Nashville neighborhoods perfect for you to explore!

One of Nashville’s hottest neighborhoods, 12 South has emerged as the perfect one-stop destination to live, eat, drink, play, and socialize. Stylish shops like Draper James, charming coffee shops like the Frothy Monkey, White Bison , and a wide array of dining options like Mafiaoza's, Taqueria del Sol, Burger Up and Edley's BBQ are all within walking distance. This is one of the loveliest and family friendly neighborhoods in Nashville! This is also home to the I Believe in Nashville mural and many others!

Within a five minute drive you will find the Gulch Neighborhood. The Gulch has perfectly combined its industrial background with a modern contemporary style. Upscale restaurants and a vibrant nightlife have made The Gulch one of the hottest neighborhoods in Nashville. Some of the finest restaurants in Music City have made The Gulch their home in recent years. This is also the home to the famous What Lifts You Up Wings mural.

Just a short walk away is the conveniently located Hillsboro Village neighborhood near Vanderbilt and Belmont Universities. Hillsboro Village is a collection of shops, boutiques and restaurants perfect for a day’s stroll. This is home to the fun Drippy Lips mural.
Show more
Meet your host
Superhost
728 reviews
728
Reviews
4.96 out of 5 average rating
4.96
Rating
9 years of hosting
9
Years hosting
My work: Private Practice Therapist
Speaks English, Croatian, and Serbian
Hi! I'm Irena! I have lived in Nashville for over 20 years! My husband, my kids and I love all of the local attractions, music, and amazing restaurants that Nashville has to offer. We can't wait for you to explore Nashville and hope that you enjoy it as much as we do! We look forward to hosting you!
Irena is a Superhost
Superhosts are experienced, highly rated hosts who are committed to providing great stays for guests.
Host details
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Message host
To help protect your payment, always use Airbnb to send money and communicate with hosts.
Things to know
Cancellation policy
Add your trip dates to get the cancellation details for this stay.
Add dates
House rules
Check-in after 3:00 PM
Checkout before 10:00 AM
4 guests maximum
Learn more
Safety & property
Exterior security cameras on property
Carbon monoxide alarm
Smoke alarm
Learn more
Airbnb
United States
Tennessee
Davidson County
Nashville
Explore other options in and around Nashville
Atlanta 
Vacation rentals
Sevierville 
Vacation rentals
Gatlinburg 
Vacation rentals
Pigeon Forge 
Vacation rentals
Indianapolis 
Vacation rentals
Asheville 
Vacation rentals
St. Louis 
Vacation rentals
Louisville 
Vacation rentals
Cincinnati 
Vacation rentals
Other types of stays on Airbnb
Nashville vacation rentals
Nashville monthly stays
House vacation rentals in Nashville
Family-friendly vacation rentals in Nashville
House vacation rentals in Davidson County
Family-friendly vacation rentals in Davidson County
Family-friendly vacation rentals in Tennessee
House vacation rentals in Tennessee
Family-friendly vacation rentals in United States
Site Footer
Support
Help Center
Get help with a safety issue
AirCover
Travel insurance
Anti-discrimination
Disability support
Cancellation options
Report neighborhood concern
Hosting
Airbnb your home
Airbnb your experience
Airbnb your service
AirCover for Hosts
Earnings Protection
Hosting resources
Community forum
Hosting responsibly
Airbnb-friendly apartments
Join a free hosting class
Find a co‑host
Refer a host
Airbnb
2026 Summer Release
Newsroom
Careers
Investors
Gift cards
Airbnb.org emergency stays
Footer section
© 2026 Airbnb, Inc.·Privacy·Terms·Your Privacy Choices
English (US)
$
USD