URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1593664586491874851
Latitude: 36.1545
Longitude: -86.7637
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 3
beds: 6
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Step into Petal & Palm—your ultimate Nashville stay! Lounge in the stylish living area, whip up culinary creations in the kitchen, or soak up city vibes on the rooftop with chic lounge seating and alfresco dining. Work up a sweat in the gym, then head out to Broadway’s neon-lit honky-tonks, SoBro’s buzzing hotspots, or catch the action at Bridgestone Arena. Designed for fun, comfort, and nonstop excitement, Petal & Palm turns your Nashville getaway into a memorable celebration.

The space
⭐ Building Accommodations & Amenities:
- Just 4 minutes to Broadway, putting Nashville’s iconic live music, neon lights, and legendary honky-tonks right at your fingertips
- 4 minutes to SoBro, where trendy restaurants, rooftop bars, and buzzing nightlife keep the energy going day and night
- Only 5 minutes to Bridgestone Arena and Nissan Stadium, perfect for catching concerts, games, and can’t-miss events
- Communal rooftop patio with stylish lounge seating and outdoor dining areas—ideal for sunset hangs, casual meals, and city nights
- Communal gym featuring a wide range of workout equipment and a smart TV, making it easy to keep up with your routine
- Open living area with cozy furnishings and a picture-frame smart TV, designed for relaxing nights and easygoing hangouts
- Fully equipped kitchen ready for home-cooked meals, quick bites, or pre-night-out snacks
- Communal lounge with plush seating and a smart TV, perfect for unwinding, socializing, or catching a show
- Convenient in-building laundry facility to keep everything fresh throughout your stay

🛋️ Living Areas:
- Open-floor living area designed for relaxing, laughing, and enjoying quality time with friends or family.
- Plush, cozy furnishings that make it impossible not to sink in and unwind after a day exploring the city.
- Sleek picture-frame smart TV for streaming your favorite shows, movie marathons, or catching the big game in style.
- Coffee table perfect for drinks, snacks, or gathering around for lively conversation and connection.

🍽️ Kitchen & Dining:
- Fully equipped kitchen ready for everything from sizzling breakfasts to late-night snacks and cocktail creations.
- Sleek stainless steel appliances make cooking effortless, stylish, and seriously fun.
- Fridge, dishwasher, oven, 5-burner stove, microwave, and toaster—everything you need to whip up delicious meals or treat your guests.
- Ample counter space with bar seating for 4, perfect for morning coffee, mixing cocktails, or keeping everyone in on the action.
- Dining area for 6, designed for laughter-filled meals, memorable conversations, and shared moments.
- Drip coffee maker with coffee to fuel your mornings and power your city adventures.
- Kitchen Starter Kit: 2 dishwashing tablet, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 2 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters

🛌 Bedrooms:
- Primary Bedroom: Queen bed with a smart TV, cozy furnishings, themed decor, closet, and an en-suite bathroom
- 2nd Bedroom: 1 Full-over-Full bunk bed, 1 Twin-over-Twin bunk bed, themed decor and a closet
- 3rd Bedroom: Queen bed with a smart TV, themed decor, and a walk-in closet
- Additional Sleeping Arrangement: Twin-over-Twin bunk bed next to the living area

🛁 Bathrooms:
- Primary Bathroom: Dual vanity with a stand-in shower
- 2nd Bathroom: Dual vanity with a shower/tub combo
- Bathroom Starter Kits: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 body bar soap, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 1 liner for trash can

🚗 Parking:
- Paid covered parking garage on a first-come, first-served basis
- Additional street parking is available

🗺️ Explore the Area:
- Walking Distance -
6 min walk: Mr. J's Original7 min walk: Batters Box
9 min walk: Crema Coffee Roasters
9 min walk: 3rd & Lindsley Bar & Grill
10 min walk: Husk Nashville
11 min walk: Harper's
11 min walk: E+ROSE Wellness Cafe
12 min walk: Pinewood
12 min walk: The Goat Sobro
13 min walk: Tennessee Central Railway Museum
13 min walk: Mr. Burger
15 min walk: QC Kitchen
15 min walk: Martin's Bar-B-Que Joint

- Driving Distance -
Estimated drive times do not account for traffic:
4 mins: Music City Center
4 mins: Broadway
4 mins: Bongo Java
4 mins: SOBRO
4 mins: The Blue Room at Third Man Records
4 mins: Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum
4 mins: Johnny Cash Museum
5 mins: Bridgestone Arena - Nashville Predators
5 mins: The Gulch
5 mins: Nissan Stadium - Tennessee Titans
6 mins: Frothy Monkey
6 mins: Music Row
7 mins: Edley's Bar-B-Que
7 mins: Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
7 mins: 12 South
7 mins: Geodis Park
7 mins: RCA Studio
8 mins: Topgolf
8 mins: Five Points
8 mins: Midtown
8 mins: Vanderbilt University
8 mins: Germantown
9 mins: Centennial Park
9 mins: The Parthenon
10 mins: Tennessee State University
10 mins: East Nashville
10 mins: Belmont Mansion
12 mins: McCabe Golf Course
13 mins: Nashville Zoo
13 mins: Grand Ole Opry

Add Ons:
- GoodNight Stay is partnered with the best baby equipment rental service for additional equipment! Please inquire if you'd like to take advantage of this amenity using our special link. Please note: This is an add-on and not included in your reservation.

Additional House Rules:
- Booking guests must be at least 21 years old.
- Same-day move-ins shall not be honored after 10 am Arizona Time.
- GoodNight Stay LLC does not allow local residents to book homes. A local resident is defined as any guest whose primary residence is located within two (2) hours of the rented property.
- All guests with a confirmed criminal record shall be declined and asked to cancel the booking at their own expense.
- The guest agrees to provide identity authentication via a third-party platform operating for GoodNight Stay. They will authenticate the name, address, phone number, and photo ID verification. If this is not provided within 48 hours of booking, GoodNight Stay has the right to cancel the booking without penalty.
- Unfortunately, additional starter kit items cannot be provided if requested as these are to kick-start your stay.
- All listed amenities are to be used at the guest’s risk. The homeowner and GoodNight Stay are not liable in any way for the risk, danger, injury, or damages caused to the other party.
- Parties, events, or weddings are not allowed.

Before booking, please review the full property description and house rules to ensure this home is the right fit for your stay. By completing your reservation, you acknowledge that you have read the listing details and agree to our terms and conditions.

Nashville Permit Issued in 2025 Followed By:202510471

Guest access
Guest will have access to the entire home.

Other things to note
All our properties include all the essentials and needs to allow for a comfortable and enjoyable stay! The items listed below are provided in every single one of our properties:
o Starter Kits for kitchen and bathrooms!
        - Kitchen set includes: 2 dishwashing tablets, dish soap, 1 dish sponge, 2 laundry detergent pods, disinfectant wipes, 2 paper towel rolls, 10 trash bags, 1 coffee bag, and 4 coffee filters
        - The bathroom set is offered in each full bathroom and includes: 1 shampoo, 1 conditioner, 1 body wash, 1 hand bar soap, 1 makeup wipe, 2 liners for the trash can, and 2 rolls of toilet paper
        - Unfortunately, additional items cannot be provided if requested, as these are to kick-start your stay
o Kitchen
o Toaster
o Coffee Maker
o Microwave
o Blender
o Cooking Essentials
o Silverware
o Plates, Bowls, Glasses, etc.
o Iron and Ironing Board
o Hangers
o Hair Dryer
o Shampoo and Conditioner
o Body Wash
o Bed Linens
o Extra pillows and Blankets
o The most Hospitable and Experienced Host in the Nashville area!

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: GoodNight
Host User ID: 20772148
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/20772148
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
There’s an out-of-town stay, and then there’s a GoodNight stay. We hold fast to the simple truth that vacationing is more comfortable, enjoyable and memorable when you’re at ease and surrounded by sophistication. No dusty, outdated homes here, welcome to the future of premium stays

At GoodNight, we believe travel should be accented with an exceptional experience. And we’ve put thought into each corner of our homes. You’ll find GoodNight’s upscale rental homes individually furnished with modern décor, standardized accommodations, smart technology, and full-feature concierge at your service. 

We know you have options. When it comes to finding the ideal stay for your occasion, we pride ourselves in offering unique benefits that make GoodNight the clear choice.

GoodNight is a promise. It’s a pledge to the quality of comfort, care and precision in our design and furnishings, and reliable concierge service you will experience at each of our premium rental properties. WE STAND BEHIND IT.
My work: GoodNight Stay
Speaks English
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
12 years hosting
17857 reviews
4.62 out of 5 average rating
12 years of hosting