URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1558221867629023526
Latitude: 36.1668
Longitude: -86.7479
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 152
privacy_radius_meters: 152
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 1
beds: 1
occupancy: 2
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Peaceful nook of East Nashville this private apartment is attached to our new family home with its own keyless separate entrance.

The space
🌿 Cozy Nashville Retreat | Shelby Bottoms | Five Points East Nashville | Free Parking

🐦‍⬛ Wake up to tree lines and birdsong, walk to Five Points for brunch, then be on Broadway in 6 minutes via ride share. This beautifully designed one-bedroom apartment is tucked into a peaceful neighborhood right on the edge of Shelby Bottoms Park and Greenway — one of Nashville's most beloved green spaces — in the heart of East Nashville, 15 minutes on foot from the vibrant restaurants, coffee shops, and nightlife of Five Points. The best of every world Nashville has to offer, all within easy reach. Bicycles available for loan or an e-bike station is at the end of the street. 

🛌 Sleep Like You Mean It.
Your sanctuary. A show-stopping four-poster canopy bed draped in crisp 100% cotton white linens with warm amber accents, soft ambient lighting, and lush greenery. Mattress is a heavenly new EightSleep brand. Blinds and blackout curtains ensure fantastic shut-eye! The kind of room you actually look forward to coming back to after a big Nashville night.

🍽️ Eat In, Eat Out, Do Both.
The kitchenette is stocked and ready — full-size fridge, air fryer/toaster oven, hot plate, microwave, dishwasher and coffee maker. Everything you need for easy mornings in, or step outside and let East Nashville feed you properly.

🛁 Refresh Beautifully.
New bathroom with a walk-in tiled shower, modern white vanity, and sleek matte black fixtures. Fresh, clean, and spa-adjacent. Don’t forget the towel warmer for that extra pampering! 

☕️ Outside Your Door.
Sip your morning coffee on the private balcony, hit the Shelby Bottoms Greenway trails. The Perch offers a few things for loan: yoga mat, disc golf, bocce ball, hand weights, and bicycles (advance warning required so they can be tuned and tires full). Wander down to Five Points for dinner and drinks, then Uber to Broadway in 6 minutes flat. Free on-site parking always included — because Nashville is not a city where you want to be hunting for a spot.

🏙️ Travel like a Local.
You want to see Nashville but don’t want to be a “tourist”. The Perch is an attached apartment in an area of town that locals are proud to call home for its artsy, independent vibe. A stay at The Perch allows all the privacy you want (zero interaction if you wish!), but feel free to reach out to the hosts for personal recommendations; this is where they live and work. They live on-property, and have an exceptional response time!

Guest access
The Perch is an entire apartment for rent (1 bedroom, 1 bathroom, 1 kitchenette, and 1 walk-in closet). Guests of The Perch maintain their own key/access code with separate entrance, ensuring zero interaction is needed with the host. 

One parking space is available on the driveway for Airbnb guests, and there is ample street parking if more space is needed.

Other things to note
The Perch is an attached apartment, situated above the garage of our family home. Your stay may include the muffled sounds of people going about their daily life including the garage door opening and closing occasionally, or pet sounds here or there. More peaceful than a hotel, but not without some sounds.

A white noise machine is included in your room. This may also be helpful as a train can be heard on this side of town and construction noise may occur during your stay (East Nashville is popular and new homes and renovations are common).

Registration details
T2025103815

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Tisra
Host User ID: 19307766
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/19307766
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Speaks English
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 months hosting
29 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
10 months of hosting