URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1482045723849734208
Latitude: 36.1563
Longitude: -86.7738
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 4
beds: 8
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to SoBro Guest House (Units 14-17) by AvantStay! 

- 4 boutique-style suites in the heart of SoBro
- Total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping 8 guests
- Walk to Broadway’s music venues, bars, and restaurants
- Each suite includes a full kitchen and private living area
- Locally inspired art and elevated design details throughout
- Original murals by Nashville artist Nathan Brown
- Smart TVs, luxe linens, and premium bath amenities

The space
Welcome to SoBro Guest House (Units 14-17) by AvantStay! These four boutique suites are all located within the same building in Nashville’s vibrant SoBro neighborhood, with a combined total of 4 bedrooms, sleeping 8 guests—an ideal option for groups of friends or couples traveling together who want to stay close but still enjoy the privacy of their own space.

At SoBro Guest House, you’re just blocks from the electric energy of Broadway and steps from Nashville’s best music venues, local shops, and buzzworthy eateries. When you're ready to recharge, retreat to your suite and unwind in comfort with plush linens, cozy living areas, and original local artwork.

Each of these four one-bedroom suites is designed to feel like home—with elevated touches that make your stay extra special. You’ll enjoy a full kitchen, a stylish living space, and a private bedroom stocked with luxe linens. We've added thoughtful extras like locally roasted coffee, indulgent bath products, and smart TVs for laid-back mornings and easy nights in.

Every suite is uniquely laid out and individually decorated with original murals by Nashville artist Nathan Brown, giving your stay an authentic splash of local culture. Whether you're heading out on a honky-tonk crawl or winding down after a long day, this is the perfect home base for your Music City adventure.AvantStay provides an upscale experience with services that elevate your stay and save time so you can enjoy every moment. Guests have access to a 24/7 support team and a tech-enabled concierge to book services, such as fridge stocking, mid-stay cleanings, and private chefs. For anything you need (or never knew you needed), we're at your service!

AvantStay provides a personalized hospitality experience to elevate your stay. With our Concierge Service, guests have access to our tech-enabled services like fridge stocking, private chefs, massages, transportation, special occasion celebrations, baby gear rentals, ski gear, beach gear, and more. For anything you need, we’re at your fingertips!

SoBro, short for South of Broadway, is one of Nashville's most exciting and walkable neighborhoods. Just steps from Broadway's legendary honky-tonks, Bridgestone Arena, and the Country Music Hall of Fame, it's a place where music, food, and local culture collide. You'll find some of the city's best restaurants, rooftop bars, and coffee shops nestled alongside art galleries, boutique shopping, and vibrant street murals. With downtown and The Gulch just minutes away, SoBro is the perfect home base for exploring the very best of Nashville.

Experience Nashville, AvantStay style!

Other things to note
Home Truths:
- There is no elevator onsite.
- The specific layout and decor within each suite may vary from what is shown in the images.
- Unfortunately, pets are not allowed in this home. If undisclosed pets are brought into the home without AvantStay's approval, there is a fine of $500 per pet.

Parking Details:
- The SoBro guest house parking lot operates on a paid nightly structure. Overnight parking is $35 per night. Short-term parking is $5 for up to 1 hour and $35 for 1–24 hours.
- Guests of AvantStay will receive a 25% discount during their stay. Use discount code GST25.

[DISCLAIMERS]
  - No smoking in or outside of this home. Subject to a $500 fine.
  - Occupancy and noise limits are strongly enforced. Subject to fines that can reach up to $10,000 per violation.
  - IDs and security deposits when applicable will be requested after booking
  - We have the right to report and prosecute all Credit Card Fraud

Registration Details
620307121

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: AvantStay Nashville
Host User ID: 338667310
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/338667310
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
AvantStay makes group travel easy. Our homes are designed for comfort, connection, and memorable moments, with consistent quality you can count on—every time, everywhere.
Speaks Arabic, German, English, Spanish, French, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, and Chinese
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
7 years hosting
6908 reviews
4.76 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting