URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1698759773088557652
Latitude: 36.14319
Longitude: -86.76102
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 3
beds: 5
occupancy: 10
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Experience the best of Music City from this spacious 3-bedroom, 2.5-bath townhome, just 10 minutes from Broadway and downtown Nashville. Designed for families, friend groups, and bachelorette trips, this home comfortably sleeps up to 10 guests with 5 real beds so everyone gets a great night's sleep.

The space
THE SPACE

Welcome to your Nashville home base! Located just 10 minutes from Broadway and downtown, this stylish and spacious 3-bedroom, 2.5-bath townhome comfortably sleeps up to 10 guests with 5 real beds perfect for families, friend groups, bachelor/bachelorette trips, and weekend getaways.

Thoughtfully designed with local artwork, a record player, and a guitar, the home captures the spirit of Music City while providing all the modern comforts you need for a relaxing stay.

Comfortable sleeping for 10: 3 spacious bedrooms, 5 real beds (no sofa beds), 2.5 bathrooms, fresh linens and comfortable mattresses. Whether you're traveling with family or friends, everyone has their own comfortable place to sleep.

Fully equipped kitchen: Prepare breakfast before exploring the city or enjoy a relaxed dinner at home. Includes a drip coffee maker, cookware and dinnerware, microwave, stove and oven, refrigerator, and dishwasher.

In-unit washer and dryer: Perfect for longer stays, road trips, or refreshing your clothes after a night out.

Entertainment and fast WiFi: High-speed WiFi, Smart TV, and a comfortable living room for relaxing after a day exploring Nashville.

Free parking: One of the biggest perks this close to downtown. Free on-site parking, plus additional street parking available. Skip expensive downtown parking fees and enjoy easy access throughout your stay.

PRIME NASHVILLE LOCATION

Stay close to Nashville's top attractions while enjoying a quieter neighborhood to relax after a busy day. Only minutes away from Broadway and Honky Tonks, Bridgestone Arena, the Ryman Auditorium, Country Music Hall of Fame, Hattie B's Hot Chicken, Five Points Pizza, Centennial Park, Radnor Lake State Park, and Nashville International Airport (BNA).

Whether you're here for live music, concerts, sporting events, weddings, or simply exploring Music City, you'll be close to everything.

WHY GUESTS LOVE STAYING HERE

Professionally managed by Nashville Nooks. Fast communication and local recommendations. Self check-in with smart lock. Clean, comfortable, and thoughtfully designed. Perfect for groups and families.

We're local hosts who are happy to help with restaurant recommendations, activity suggestions, or anything you need before or during your stay.

GOOD TO KNOW

Self check-in begins at 4:00 PM via smart lock. No pets allowed service animals are welcome in accordance with Airbnb's accessibility policy. This home is located on a lively side street, so occasional traffic noise may be heard. We manage several similar homes in this community, so décor and furnishings may vary slightly from the photos while maintaining the same quality and layout. Quiet hours begin at 9:00 PM. This property is ideal for respectful groups and families but is not suitable for parties or events. Exterior security cameras are installed for guest safety. There are no cameras inside the home.

Book your stay today and experience the comfort of home just minutes from the best of Music City. Nashville weekends fill up quickly we'd love to host you!

Guest access
Guest access
Guest Access:You'll have the ENTIRE townhome to yourselves all 3 bedrooms, 2.5 baths, full kitchen, living spaces, and in-unit laundry. No shared spaces, no host on site, total privacy for your group.

SELF CHECK-IN: Self check-in: your digital door code is sent by text/email 3 hours before check-in  just enter it on the smart lock keypad. A backup lockbox with a spare key is also on-site for emergencies. Message us anytime if you need help.

PARKING: Free parking in the community lot (first-come, first-served) plus street parking nearby. Pull in, unload, and you're 10 minutes from Broadway.

FULL AMENITY ACCESS: Washer/dryer, kitchen, WiFi, smart TV, coffee maker everything in the home is yours to use from check-in to checkout.

24/7 SUPPORT: While we're not on site, the Nashville Nooks team is just a message away we typically respond within the hour if you need anything during your stay.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Sam
Host User ID: 744400931
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/744400931
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hi - I'm Sam, Founder of Nashville Nooks. I spent the past decade building teams at Google, running a marketing agency, and investing in real estate. I manage a portfolio of curated homes here in Nashville with an emphasis on health and wellness amenities. Reach out to us with anything you need during your time at one of our homes!
Born in the 90s
My work: Business Owner
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 months hosting
86 reviews
4.93 out of 5 average rating
7 months of hosting