URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1261698082518176210
Latitude: 36.147
Longitude: -86.8166
rental_type: Entire condo
property_type: CONDOMINIUM
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 2
beds: 4
occupancy: 6
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Perfect for Nashville trips, this spacious modern 2BR/2BA condo offers comfort, privacy, and convenience for families, couples, coworkers, or friends. Located in Odyssey at the Park, it’s steps from Centennial Park, a short walk to Vanderbilt, and just a 5–7 minute Uber to Broadway. 

As one guest said: ‘Perfect for us—separate bedrooms and baths, great kitchen, easy parking, amazing location

The space
⭐WHAT GUESTS LOVE (Direct Quotes from our reviews)

☑ “Lovely stay — perfect layout for two people with separate bedrooms and bathrooms.”
☑ “Great kitchen, super clean, organized, and had everything we needed.”
☑ “Very responsive, friendly local host — checked in to be sure we had what we needed.”
☑ “Beautiful, clean, safe, and we loved the big patio!”
☑ “The amenities at the condo were great — pool, gym, parking — and the location was excellent.”
☑ “Price was reasonable and the neighborhood was very nice.”
☑ “Spotless, comfortable, and had everything we needed to feel right at home.”
☑ “Perfect spot for visiting Vanderbilt — comfortable, clean, welcoming.”
☑ “Great location, free parking, comfortable beds.”
☑ “Clean and spacious — great gym and pool.”
☑ “Communication was stellar — would recommend to all my friends!”
☑ “The Local was our favorite spot — amazing live music every night!”
☑ “Kitchen had everything, beds were comfy, and the area was walkable and quiet.”
☑ “Beautiful, secure, well-maintained home — cannot recommend enough.”
☑ “Condo was exactly as pictured. Very secure with codes for building and unit.”
☑ “Would absolutely stay here again!”

⭐PRIME WEST END LOCATION

☑ Guests repeatedly highlight how convenient and peaceful the neighborhood is:

☑ Walk to Vanderbilt University

☑ Very close to Belmont University

☑ Steps from Centennial Park & The Parthenon

☑ 5–7 minute Uber/Lyft to Broadway

☑ Tito’s Mexican restaurant downstairs

☑ Walkable to cafés, breakfast spots, bars, Walgreens, and local restaurants

☑ Minutes to Midtown, Hillsboro Village, West End, and The Gulch

☑ Safe, quiet, central neighborhood ideal for families, groups, and business travelers

“Peaceful area but so close to everything.”
“Perfect home base for all our Vanderbilt-centric activities.”

⭐ INSIDE THE SPACE — LARGE, CLEAN, PRIVATE, COMFORTABLE

This spacious 2BR/2BA condo is ideal for two couples, families, coworkers traveling together, or guests who simply want extra room to spread out.

Includes:

☑ Two private bedrooms, each with comfortable beds and premium linens
☑ Two full bathrooms, clean, modern, and well-appointed
☑ Large, fully equipped kitchen with everything needed for cooking in
☑ Bright, spacious living area with TV + streaming
☑ Oversized private balcony — great for relaxing (note: not a view unit, but plenty of outdoor space)
☑ Fast WiFi
☑ Free onsite parking (park in any non-numbered space)
☑ Quiet, private layout perfect for longer stays or remote work
☑ Secure building with controlled access

⭐ BUILDING AMENITIES

Guests consistently appreciate the building’s extras:

☑ Outdoor pool
☑ Full fitness center (rarely crowded)
☑ Secured entry
☑ Elevator access
☑ Easy access to the attached garage

“The pool was great!”
“Nice gym — very clean with no crowds.”

“Very clean and safe. Beautiful home!”
“So much space — comfortable and well-designed.”

Guest access
⭐ GUEST ACCESS

☑ You’ll have electronic access from check-in through check-out:

☑ Keypad entry to the building

☑ Keyless smart lock for the condo

☑ Flexible self-check-in

Other things to note
You have access to the entire place.  There is one cabinet reserved and locked with maintenance items in the kitchen.

To keep things nice for all guests, no smoking is allowed in the unit.
The building has a great pool and exercise room.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Shannon
Host User ID: 154308525
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/154308525
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Professional in the legal field.
Lives in Oakland, California
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
9 years hosting
332 reviews
4.97 out of 5 average rating
9 years of hosting