URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1467584203681711364
Latitude: 36.1872
Longitude: -86.8159
rental_type: Entire townhouse
property_type: TOWNHOUSE
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 8
beds: 10
occupancy: 16
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your private North Nashville compound — an 8-bedroom, 9-bath retreat for up to 22 guests. Two side-by-side homes, each with a private rooftop deck, fully stocked kitchen, and private garage. One rooftop features a grill, the other a hot tub. Guests may be placed in a comparable combo within this collection sharing the same layout and amenities.

The space
🏠 2 Private Homes | 🛏️ 8 Bedrooms | 🛁 9 Bathrooms | 👥 Up to 22 Guests

Two side-by-side three-story homes in North Nashville, each with independent access and a private rooftop deck. Both homes feature open-concept living, dining, and kitchen on the Second Floor, with rooftop access from the Third Floor. Both homes are reserved exclusively for your group. Stay Heirloom manages a curated collection of similar home combos in this building — each pairing includes one home with a rooftop grill and one with a rooftop hot tub. Guests may be placed in a comparable combo within this collection. All combos share the same layout, design, and amenities.

FEATURES
🍳 Kitchens: 2 fully stocked kitchens with essential cookware
🌅 Rooftop Decks: 2 private rooftop decks — one per unit
♨️ Hot Tub: Private rooftop — Unit 2
🔥 Grill: Private rooftop — Unit 1
🚗 Parking: 2 private garages — one per unit
🛏️ Bedding: Premium memory foam mattresses & quality linens
📶 High-Speed WiFi
🧴 Toiletries: High-end essentials
📺 XL Flat Screen TV in each living room

🛏️ Bedroom And 🛁 Bathrooms Layout

Unit 1
First Floor:
🛏️ Bedroom 1: 1 Queen bed (ensuite full bathroom)
🛁 Bathroom 1: Ensuite full bathroom to Bedroom 1 — walk-in shower

Second Floor:
🛏️ Bedroom 2: 1 King bed (ensuite full bathroom)
🛁 Bathroom 2: Ensuite full bathroom to Bedroom 2 — walk-in shower
🚻 Half Bathroom 1 — off kitchen, serves common areas
🛋️ Living Room
🍳 Kitchen
🍽️ Dining Area
🧺 Laundry

Third Floor:
🛏️ Bedroom 3: 1 Queen bed
🛏️ Bedroom 4: 2 Double beds (ensuite full bathroom)
🛁 Bathroom 3: Full Hallway Bathroom (Serves Bedroom 3) — walk-in shower & tub
🛁 Bathroom 4: Ensuite full bathroom to Bedroom 4 — walk-in shower
🌅 Rooftop Deck Access — grill & outdoor dining

Unit 2
First Floor:
🛏️ Bedroom 5: 1 Queen bed (ensuite full bathroom)
🛁 Bathroom 5: Ensuite full bathroom to Bedroom 5 — walk-in shower

Second Floor:
🛏️ Bedroom 6: 1 King bed (ensuite full bathroom)
🛁 Bathroom 6: Ensuite full bathroom to Bedroom 6 — walk-in shower
🚻 Half Bathroom 2 — off kitchen, serves common areas
🛋️ Living Room
🍳 Kitchen
🍽️ Dining Area
🧺 Laundry

Third Floor:
🛏️ Bedroom 7: 1 Queen bed
🛏️ Bedroom 8: 2 Double beds (ensuite full bathroom)
🛁 Bathroom 7: Full Hallway Bathroom (Serves Bedroom 7) — walk-in shower & tub
🛁 Bathroom 8: Ensuite full bathroom to Bedroom 8 — walk-in shower
🌅 Rooftop Deck Access — hot tub & outdoor seating

OUTDOOR SPACE
Unit 1
🌅 Rooftop Deck: Third Floor — outdoor dining area
🔥 Grill
Unit 2
🌅 Rooftop Deck: Third Floor — outdoor seating
♨️ Hot Tub: Private

ACCESSIBILITY
Stairs: Few steps from street level to entrance in both units; interior stairs to Second and Third Floors; rooftop deck accessed from Third Floor
Floors: Both units — 3 floors + rooftop deck
Elevator: No
Independent unit access: Yes
Step-free entry: No

HOST INFORMATION

Stay Heirloom professionally manages a collection of handcrafted homes designed to bring your group together. 
separately and together depending on how much space your group needs. If you love this listing, but you are looking for something you don’t see here, please inquire!

Guest access
The unit has locks with door codes. Codes and other check-in details will be provided via message and texted to your phone on the day of check-in.

Other things to note
HOUSE DISCLOSURES
–We try our best to accommodate early check-ins, but we want to ensure the entirety of the spacious estate is clean and prepared for arrival. We can often accommodate early bag drop for your convenience. Please inquire if this is of interest to your group.

BUSINESS DISCLAIMERS
-We have a minimum age requirement for booking this rental. Reservation holder must be 21 years or older.
-We request that guests complete a guest verification process and sign an additional agreement prior to receiving any check-in information. 
-We require that guests provide a valid credit card and piece of ID for identification purposes only.  
-We do not accept peer-to-peer payment systems or any prepaid debit cards as methods of payment. 
-Pets are not allowed at this property. 
-Mailing packages to the premises is not permitted.
-We use Arlo/Hikvision and Noise Aware in our homes. Arlo/Hikvision is a video recording system that has been installed at the front/back doors of the home’s EXTERIOR ONLY, for your safety. NoiseAware is a decibel monitoring system that we use to keep in accordance with local noise regulations.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Heirloom
Host User ID: 276892829
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/276892829
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
At Heirloom, we believe that group travel should never mean compromising on luxury amenities and beautiful design.

We’ve established ourselves across the US, with over 300 listings in premier cities around the country. Whether you’re looking for a relaxing getaway on Nantucket or an upbeat visit to New Orleans, we have the home for you.
My work: Professional Luxury Vacation Rentals
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
7 years hosting
17069 reviews
4.77 out of 5 average rating
7 years of hosting