URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/16259348
Latitude: 36.13849
Longitude: -86.81671
rental_type: Entire home
property_type: HOUSE
native_radius_meters: 500
privacy_radius_meters: 500
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: False
is_location_verified: True
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: APPROX
bedrooms: 4
beds: 4
occupancy: 8
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
This historic hideaway has it all!  Spa, Gazebo, Fire Table & 2 Fireplaces!   Old world charm defines this Tudor home among the old growth trees and stonework.  Set in the prestigeous Hillsboro West End neighborhood it is steps from the Vanderbilt campus and minutes to downtown attractions.  Experience our private refuge where you can soak in the hot tub and cozy up around the outdoor stone fireplace and gazebo fire table lounge.  Take advantage of our midweek business rates and high spd WIFI.

The space
Permit Number CASR-(PHONE NUMBER HIDDEN),  This is an Airbnb "business travel ready" accommodation featuring door coded entry, high speed FibreOptic WIFI, coffee makers, cell batt recharging stations, allergen free environment (no smoking and no pets).  In addition, it has a full supply of paper products, linen, soap/shampoo, hair dryer and kitchen equipment. Whether you need a quiet space with all the amenities for a business team exercise or training meetup, this home is a wonderfully suited for your needs.  For those attending conventions downtown or conferences at Vanderbilt, this home provides a relaxing retreat between events.

The house features Four Bedrooms and Three Full and one Half Baths on three levels.  
The main level entry off the front porch leads directly to the Living Room with hardwood floors, nine foot ceilings, a remote control gas fired fireplace, a full sized sleeper sofa and a 70 inch flat screen HD Smart TV.

Pass through an archway and find a large brightly lit Dining Room with seating for eight at the dining room table and serving table.  
Through another arched passageway, find the charming, designer, gourmet, eat-in kitchen featuring granite countops with seating for two and stainless steel appliances and coffee maker.  A powder room is situated conveniently behind the kitchen at the top of the stairway to the lower level.

Enjoy an leisurely cup of coffee in the  early morning  on the sunny rear deck or an evening cocktail under the cafe lights. The tastfully landscaped back yard features beautiful granite stone walls, hot tub, BBQ area and large wood burning stone fireplace.  Relax in the patio gazebo featuring large comfy couch with plenty of room for a crowd and warmed by the fire table.  Additional patio seating is provided by the high top table (seats four) with umbrella and additional bench seating.

On the upper level you'll find a Master Bedroom (1) with ensuite bathroom #1 featuring a unique glass block shower, toilet & vanity.  The king bed boasts a super comfy 12 inch memory foam mattress. The feeling of waking up in the treetops is evident when looking out of the windows into the ancient hackberry tree in the front yard.  Another large bedroom (2) contains a "Whiskey Barrel" King Sized Bed with the same super comfortable mattress.  A third smaller bedroom (3) contains a comfortible queen memory foam mattress and bed accompanied by a study desk.  The "Morrocan" hall bath #2  is bright and airy contains a tub/shower combination, toilet, vanity and lots of mirrors.

On the lower level you will find the fourth bedroom (4) with a private entry and a dressing room with vanity.  A new full bathroom #3 with vanity, toilet and shower is also located on this level.  Completing the amenities of the ground floor is a laundry with ironing facilities and new washer & dryer.
.

Guest access
Access to the house is through the front porch main entry door via keyless entry lock using personal ten digit code.

Other things to note
Our home is located in a noise sensitive neighborhood.  We ask that you please respect our neighbors and keep music and conversation noise levels down.

No pets: Do to severe allergies host cannot accommodate pets.

No Smoking:  This is a no smoking facility.

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Rick
Host User ID: 63674460
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/63674460
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
My wife and I are retired airline professionals who spent a career in worldwide travel  making us very sensitive to travelers service needs.  After staying in thousands of rentals, resorts and hotel rooms we created the Tudor@Orleans to reflect lessons learned.  We lived in Nashville for over 30 years.  We love it and know you will too!
Lives in Nashville, Tennessee
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
10 years hosting
282 reviews
5.0 out of 5 average rating
10 years of hosting