URL: https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/1316625920537172983
Latitude: 36.1538
Longitude: -86.7753
rental_type: Entire rental unit
property_type: APARTMENT
native_radius_meters: 0
privacy_radius_meters: 0
radius_source: mapMarkerRadiusInMeters
is_exact_location: True
is_location_verified: False
location_name: Nashville, Tennessee, United States
map_marker_type: EXACT
bedrooms: 1
beds: 2
occupancy: 4
fields_status: complete
----------------------------------------
=== ABOUT THIS SPACE ===
Welcome to your Nashville-themed country music home base just 3 blocks from Broadway. Enjoy skyline views from your private balcony overlooking the saltwater resort-style pool, relax in a plush king bed, stream on smart TVs, cook in the full kitchen with in-unit washer/dryer. Work out in the fitness center. Private covered garage parking available. Complimentary coffee and snacks included. Walking distance to downtown Broadway, Ryman Auditorium, Bridgestone Arena, and restaurants!

The space
✨ THE SPACE

Location location! Just 3 blocks from Broadway.
Designed to blend modern elegance with Southern charm, this thoughtfully curated loft delivers both comfort and character.

🛏 Sleeping Arrangements

• 1 luxurious bedroom with a plush king bed
• 1 queen sleeper sofa in the living room
• Comfortably sleeps 4 guests

The bedroom is a playful tribute to all things Nashville, featuring crisp linens and cozy touches to ensure a restful night’s sleep after exploring the city.

🛋 Living & Entertainment

• Cozy living room with sleeper sofa + flat screen TV
• Vinyl record player with assorted records
• Floor-to-ceiling windows with panoramic Music City views
• Chalkboard feature wall — perfect for selfies and leaving your Nashville story

Relax after a day on Broadway, stream your favorite shows, or spin classic country vinyl while soaking in the skyline views. The energy of Nashville flows right through the space.

• Wheelchair accessible with no stairs, same level living.

🍳 Kitchen & Dining

• Full kitchen with stainless steel appliances
• Pub-style dining table with plush barstools
• Coffee on your private balcony overlooking the pool

Whether you're preparing a quick breakfast or evening cocktails, the kitchen blends upscale design with modern convenience.

🌆 RESORT-STYLE AMENITIES

Enjoy access to premium shared amenities throughout the building:

• Saltwater pool
• Sky lounge
• Fitness center
• In-unit washer + dryer
• Safe, secure building just steps from Broadway

Kosho (Japanese cuisine) and Tipsy Scoops located on the lower level — perfect for dinner or a late-night treat without leaving the building.

📍 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION

You truly cannot beat this spot.

• 3 blocks to Broadway’s live music scene
• Steps to Bridgestone Arena
• Walkable to the Ryman Auditorium
• Minutes to Nissan Stadium

Experience Nashville the way it’s meant to be — on foot, immersed in music, food, and nightlife.

🚗 PARKING

• Designated building parking available for $30 per night

📝 IMPORTANT DETAILS

✅ This property has special local compliance requirements which include a signed rental agreement, ID verification, and a security hold of $1000 (which is not a traditional security deposit, just a pending transaction). As an optional alternative to the security hold, you may opt in to purchase a non-refundable damage waiver provided by a third-party insurance company. The optional damage waiver is $49 for stays up to 10 nights, with an additional $1.50 per day for stays longer than 10 nights. Damage waiver purchases are optional.

To make this process easy for you, we use a secure and very simple, app-free platform called Happy Guest. It is not an app, and you do not have to sign up for an account - it’s a safe and secure website. It also gives you a guest portal with all the info about the home and all of my favorite local spots.

Your guest portal includes advertisements with third-party upgrades that you may want to enhance your stay. These upgrades are optional and include:
Late Check out - 1 Hour - $25

If you have any questions, just message us anytime! Happy to help!

Guest access
Guests will be able to access the entire apartment plus the common areas and building amenities such as the fitness center, lounge, and pool.

Other things to note
STR Permit -- T2022050187.

Registration Details
T2022050187

----------------------------------------
=== HOST DETAILS ===
Host Name: Chase
Host User ID: 468560653
Host Profile URL: https://www.airbnb.com/users/show/468560653
Host Profile URL Source: public user permalink from passport userId
Hello! My name is Chase, I am an entrepreneur and marketing expert from San Diego. My wife Charlotte and I have a newborn baby boy and a mini Aussiedoodle named Maverick keeps us busy!

I operate short-term rentals full time as my business and manage properties in Nashville and throughout the country. We are looking forward to hosting you on your travels to the Music City and making it the most memorable experience possible!
Born in the 90s
Where I went to school: San Diego State University
Response rate: 100%
Responds within an hour
Superhost
4 years hosting
159 reviews
4.99 out of 5 average rating
4 years of hosting